W. T., of Newcastle. WRITE your Brother
Robert. All is right.
. G. W. Come to Plymouth. You will be wel¬
comed, and sympathized with. N.
FR. W. C., at L., will WRITE to his OLD
IEND, all will be right.
OLLY. Do write to relieve anxiety of sisters.
Money will be sent. Affairs all amicably settled
H. Pray WRITE at once, and let us know where
you are, to refieve us from our painful state of susense. If you
wish to remain out of town till you feel better in health and spirits
you can do so, as your business matters are being, and will be, dally
well attended to.
HE RELATIVES of the late Lieut. ARTHUR
MYTH, 45 Regiment (who died in the colonyo Natal, on the
2th November 1857), are hereby informed, that a CASE, containing
come of the effects of the deceased, may be had on application to Cap¬
tain Johnstone, 45 Regiment, care of Me Cox and Co., London.
If within a month from this date the above be not claimed, it will be
SOLD. —January 23, 1860.
ENT POUNDS REVARD. — Whereas,
THOMAS W. VOKES, a Captain in the late Land Transport
Corps, on half-pay, who carried on business at 95, Jermyn street, Hay.
market, as an army agent, and resided at 33, Brompton-crescent, has
ABSCONDED, and a warrant has been granted for his apprehen¬
sion. The above reward will be paid to anyone who will give such
information as will lead to his apprehension, such information to be
given to the police or to Mr. Albert Elworthy, solicitor, 14, South¬
ampton-buildinge, Chancery lane. Description. A fair man, with
fresh complexion, of about 10, of middle height, about 5 feet 9 inches,
and ordinary appearance ; walks like a soldier, but turns one foot
lightly in; fair sandy straight hair, cut short, and inclining to gray;
light moustaches and closely shaved face, without whiskers beyond the
equick char grayes rather cunning in expresion wea
great coat with velvet collar, and trousers rather wide at the bottom.
OSTFOUR POUNDS REVARDADIAMOND
ING. Whoever will bring the same to J. Amadio, 7, Thros¬
portenstreet, shall receive the above reward.
OST, on Friday, 20th inst, between Casnon street
and Blackars brge, FOUR TEN-POUND BANKO ENG¬
LAND NOTES, attached to a printed form issued by the Equitible
Insurance Company. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Winter
. Devas and Co., Cannonret west, will be liberally
REGARDED.
EN POUNDS RENARD. IOST, à SPANISH
THREE per OENT. BOND for 170, since the divided of June,
1859, was pald. A dividend coupon is attached to said bond, which
was payable on 31s ult. The above reward will be paid by M. Silver¬
ston, stockbroker, 54, Threadneedle street, per said bond.
IVE POUNDS REVARD. —LOST, on the 10th
ist, either in the ball roon
on leaving a party in Halkinstreet
west, Belgrave quare, an EMERALD and DIAMOND CROSS, about
two inches long, set transparent; with a brillant hoop ring attached.
Whoever will bring the same to Mr, Westerton's, bookseller. 20, St.
Georges terrae, Knightsbridge, chall receive the above reward.20t
Jan., 1860.
LIVE POUNDS REVARD. — I THOMAS
JOHNSTON. son of Thomas Johnston, formerly of Camden¬
street. Dublin, and brother of William Clarke Johnston, who died in
1835, would C.MMUNICATE with Mess, Hone and Kinahen,
Poster-place. Dublin, he would HEAR of SOMETHIN  to his AD¬
VANTAGE, or any person giving such information as may lead to the
identity of the said Thomas Johnston will receive the above reward.
He is supposed to have held a situation in the Revenue, in the north of
Ircland
TOLEN, a BAY MARE, Cart, and Harness, from
Donamrd. Kingsland, on Wednesday evening the 18th ist,
about 5 o'clock, Mare 13 hands high, white star on the nose : dox¬
cart, painted brown, with Old English H. in garter on edes and
front, and J. Harverson, Kingsland," in small letters on the shaft.
Whoever will give such information as to lead to the conviction of the
thief to J. Harverson shall be REGARDED for the trobe
OUND, on the 13th instant, a FIVE POUND
BANKO ENGLAND NOTE. The owner can have the same on
paying the expense of this advertissement by applying at Her Majestys
Paymaster General's office, Room No. 26, between half-past 10 und 4
MAMOND BROOCH FOUND-FOUND, near
Palace, DIAMOND BROOCH. The oner, on
forwarding a proper description of the same, may hear of it on applica¬
tion to Mr. Th omas Weller, jeweller, 2, High-Street, Croydon, S.
O SAILORS. — Should this meet the eye of WIL¬
LIAM SYME (a sailor), whose recently departed mother, Mar¬
et Annie Syme, had not heard of him for two or three years, he is
REGUESTED to WRITE to Mr. Bowen, 10, Regent place, West¬
minster, London, saying where he may be written to about something

TEVENS.  JOHN, CHARLES, or HENRY
STEVENS, son of Thomas Stevens (who was formerly in the
Excise, and who died about April, 1840), will apply to J. G. Richards,
solicitor No. 18. Margaret street, Covendish square, London, he will
be REGARDED for his trouble, Information is required concerning
their sister, Mary Stevens.
ANK of ENGLAND.-Unclaimed Annuity.
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the arrears of an annuity of 2 per
annum, in the Consolidated Long Annuities, herstofore standing in
the name of ANN BLACKMAN of Kingrland road, widow, de¬
ceased, and which annuity was transferred to the said Commissioners in
consequence of the dividends thercon having remained unclaimed
on and from the oth of April, 1823 Notice is horoby given, that,
on the expiration of three months from this date, the Dividends in
arrears on the said annuity will be paid to Henry Revell Reynolds,
Es, the administrator, as nomineo of the Crown, who has claimed
the same, unless some other clamant shall sooner appear and make
—
ANK of ENGLAND.- Unclaimed Dividends.—
application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of Seven Dividends on the sum of
257128 d. Consoldated Three per Ceut. Annuities, heretofore standing
in the names of WILLIAM HOOD, of the Inner Temple, Esq., de¬
ceased, and EDMUND HOOD, of Barden-park, Leicestershire, Esq.,
deceased, and which dividende were paid over to the Commissioners
for the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of the first
thereof having remained unclaimed since the 5th of January, 1832;
Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Dividends will be paid to Robert Arnold Waine¬
wright, excentor of William Hood, deceased, who was the survivor,
who has claimed the same, unless some other clamant shall sooner
appear and make out his claim thereto.
AUTION TO MEMBERS of RIFLE CORPS, and
other persons accustomed to use Fireare. The Proof Master
and Wardens of the Birmingham Gun-barrel Proof-house, having rea¬
son to believe that many rifies and other firearms have recently been
sold the barrels of which have not been duly proved and marked as
proved, and for the safety of which therefore their possessors can have
no satisfactory guarantee, desire strongly to impress upon the attention
of the public in gereval, and particularly upon members of riffe corps
and their offices, the necessity of being personally satisfied, by careful
examination of each rife or other firearm, that its barrel bears the
mark of due proof according to law. A special Act of Parliament, called
The Gun-barrel Proof Act. 1855, provides that all gun barreis, except
they are supplied direct from Government, must be proved at the Bir¬
mingham Proof-house, or at that of the Gummakers Company in London,
and, if they stand the test applied, duly marked as proved accordingly;
and the same Act imposes heavy penalties on persons selling or keeping
for sale firears the barrels of which are not so proved and marked.
It is for the public safety, and with a view to prevent accidents that
this intimation is given; and, as the public in general are not familiar
with the legal proof marks, the Proof Master and Wardens further give
notice that upon application of any person at the Proof-house in Ban¬
burg-Street, Birmingham, the offices of that establishment will examine
all fireare brought to them for that purpose gratis, and state whether
they bear the legal proof mark or not. No breach of the law by sending
out unproved arme can possibly occur except through direct criminality
of intention, or negligence so gross as to be scarcely less culpable,
and the Proof Master and Wardens therefore carnestly request that
immediate information may be given to them of any rifes or other
are known or found to be unproved, in order that legal proceedings
may be instituted against the offenders accordingly, 25 reward will
be paid upon conviction of any offender to the person or persons
through whose information such conviction shall be obtained. — By
ordre of the Proof Master and Wardens of the Birmingham Proof¬
house,
HODSON a ALLEN, Law Clers.
Birmingham, Jan. 14. 1860.
RYSTAL PALACEARRANGEMENTS for
WEEK ending Saturday, January 28.
Monday, open at 9. Tuesday to Friday, open at 10. Admissions.

Saturday, open at 10. Concert. Admission, 23. d. Children 18.
The Picture Gallery remains open. Orchestral Band and Groat
—
The Camellias, Hyacinths, Primulas, and other Plants are in full
bloom throughout the Palace.
Sunday, open at 1. 30 to shareholders gratuitously by tickets.
HITTINGTON CLUB, Arundel-Street, Strand.
The WEELY DRAWING ROOM will be held in the great
Hall. To morrow (Tuesday) Evening, at &. Members may introduce
their friends on the usual terms.
E. R. RUSSELL. Sec.
OMEN and WATCHWORK. — Mr. John
Bennett Lectures. — Mr. JOHN BENNETT F.R.A.J., Mem¬
ber of the National Academy of Paris, will LECTUREO  WATCE.
WHAT OMAKE, and HOW to MAKE IT. January 24, Nais¬
worth; 28th. Deal; 318, Rotherhithe; February 1st, East Mouley;
6th, Shoreditch: 7th. Kentich-town; 8b. Southwark; 14th, Sohn;
15th. Rotherbithe; 22, Kentish-town. The Lectures will be Illus¬
trated by a great variety of models and diagrams, and specimens of
clocks and watches. Syllabuses can be had at the watch manufactory,
Nos. 65 and 64. Cheapide.
ESTMORLAND SOCIETYS BALL will take
place at St. James-hall, Regent street, on Friday, January
27. 1860, in aid of the funds for providing additional accommodation
for female children. List of Lady Patroncases, Stewards, &c., and tickets,
price 10. d., 14 and 21., may be obtained at the office of the Secre¬
J. HENRY JOHNSON, 47. Lincoln'sinn-fielda W. C.
R. CALDELLS LONG QUADRILLE
NIGHT. Jan. 29. Admission, 1. Mr. C. Benefit Bal Masque
Tuesday, Feb. 14. Soirée dansantes every evening. & private
lessons at any hour 211. Dean-Street, Soho.
UEEN CONCERT ROOBIS. Hanover square.—
Mr. BAREHAMS ANNUAL GRAND COSTUME BALL,
Tuesday, January 31. Gentlemen's tickets, ladies dit:o 33. d. To
be had at his dancing acadomy, 241, Marleboue road, N. W.
ANOVER-SQUARE ROOMS. — Miss A.



—
DRESS BALL will take place Tomorrow, Jan. 24. Ladies tickets,
60
gentlemens do,

at 49, Morton terrae.
Pimlico; and at the rooms, W. M. Packers band. Commence at
half-paet 11.
JAMESS-HALL. — Mr. BLAND and
DAUGHTERS have the honour to announce that their GRAND
ANNUAL BALL will take place at the above spacious and elegant
saloons, on Thursday, Feb. 2. Gentlems ticket, 7 ; lad
6; double ticket, to admit a lady and gentleman, 10. d. To be had
at the hall, 69, Regent street: and of Mr. Bland, 33, Brewer Street,
Golden square, W. Dancing to commence at 9 o'clock.
OYAL SURREY GARDENS-LADIES RE¬
TURN BALL, Thursday
Jan. 28. The ladies of Sarrey are
induced to give their FIEST RETURN BALL in invitation and out of
compliment to the bachelors, Tickets 2. d, each, can only be obtained
at the Ladies Committee Room, Surrey Gardes, daily. Monday, Jan.
30th, Second Grand Bal Masque. Gentlemen, 5; ladies, 23. Costumie¬
Mr.S. May. The Great Hall open nightly for dancing, la. On Sunday,
sacred music. Full military band.
E NATIONAL ASSEMBLY ROOMS, High
Holborn. This establishment, preeminenty distinguished for
elegance and match les beauty of its decoratios, combined with
the perfection of ies management, is OPEN every evening. The cele¬
brated bend, under the direction Mr. W. M. Packer, plays anighty
vard celection of the mos approve class and moder music.
Door open at half-at 8. Overture at 9. Closing at 12. Admisions.
N.B. Hr. W. M. Packers grand annual benefit Bal Masque positively
the only one this year) is fred for Thursday, February 23.
GYLI-ROOMS, Windmill-Street, Piccadilly.—
Great success of the new HUNTSMAN POLKA and SEVERN
BAN VALSES, by Anton Lamotte chef d'orchestre to the Emperor
Napoleon). The above elegant and popular rooms are open night for
dancing, with the celebrated band established 10 years. Conductor,
Mondeur Lamotte: Leder, M. Ven Heddaghem; Principal Cornet¬
Piston, II. Boucourt. Selections from all the favonrite operas
played during the events. Door open at half-past; close a few
minutes before; adm
for large and small parties. Apply to Mr. W. Price, tressurer, at the
rm. Earl
ILLISS ROOMS, King-Street, St. James¬

—


respectully to
in
thepubli
theen



—
beautifully and

E DECORATED, and that the arrange¬

es, converns, and public dinner, in regard


—
fort, are most complete.
ubliemeting, and concerts for large or
partes, will meet
—

enienber
ADRILLE PIANISTE. Miss HOLLAND
beto anneunce that the continues to attend evening parte¬
as QUADRILLE PIARISTE, Terms, 23. d. per bour.-9, Queens¬
road, Haverstock-hill. N.B. An early application is requested owing
tois Holland numerous engagementat this eson ofthee.
HIS DAY, at 3 p.m., ARNOLD'S CLASS for
PHYSICAL EDUCATION, for the prevention and removal

—
Fencing, gymnasties, and the gloves
in the usual clase and 119, New ondstreet.
OYAL PROCESSION. It having pleased Her
Host Gracious Majesty to open Parlament in person to morro
Tuesday), Jan. 24. SEATS to view the above may be obtainedF.
Beny, jeweils 53, Parlament street Westminster,
