G. W. All things will be arranged. Write to
Bridgwater. —W.
RED, who left his home on Wednesday evening.—
For God's sake let me know you are safe, or RETURN.
EAPYEAR, un Ami. long to see vou. Ap¬
RICHOND.
OST, BANK of ENGLAND NOTE for 250.
Suppoted to have been dropped at Newcastle on the 4th int
numberis non, ad note given to the Bank, FIVE POUNDS
REVARD lacfered. Address D. K., 39, Royal Exchang¬
OST, on the 12th inst, in the city, a MARINE
POLICY Of INSURANCE for 1.750. It contains name and
addrees of owner, to whom slone it is of value. Any person doaver¬
—
OST, on Thursday or Friday last, a FIVE POUND
BANKO ENGLAND NOTE (28627, Nov. 18, 1853), with 2 102.
Bon¬
in gold, wrapped up in it. Whoever will bre
street, Piccadilly, shall receive ONE GUINEA REVARD. Payment
of note has been stopped
OST, on Thursday, between the Hampatead road
Railway Station and Montem Villes, a PURSE, containing a 25
Bank of England note, with some memoranda. Number of note, par¬
—
will be given on its being restored to 4. Lambton tere, Westbourne¬
—
nday, the thist, 
in the
ening of N
OST
one side a portrait in miniature
LA BROCH, having
—
pposed to have been
fa gentleman.
Westminster omnibus, or in the neighbourhsod of Argyle street, Re¬
—
genttet.
at 57,
ocester¬
NE POUND RENARD
eet,
owill recev

AUTION. LOST
evening of Tuesday, the

bill of exchange for 1 18. d., date Jan. 10, at four monthe date,
—

to the
and Key. Whoever
will receive ONE SOVEREIN REVARD. The bill not being en¬
dorsed is of no value.
EYS LOST, on Wednesday, the 1th inst, be¬
tween New Bondsteet and the city. Whoever will bring them
Neeley, stationer, 1, St. Swithins¬
to 131, New Bond street, o¬
lane city, shalt receive FIVESHILLINGS RENARD.
WO POUNDS REVARD. —LOST, on the 10th
BUCHfEYS, between King across and Lei¬
cester square, vid Gower-strest. To te delivered at the bar of the
—
ANK of ENGLAND NOTES LOST No. 46123,

v. 15, 1859, for 25. Payment
stopped. THREE POUNDS REVARD will be paid on returning
them to F.C. Morris, 3, Cloudeeley street, Islington.
NE GUINEA REVARD. —LOST, on Monday,
January9, about 12 o'clock, from 14. Great Stanhope street,
Mayfair, a cross bred SLATE-COLOURED GRAYROUND, of large
size with curly tail and white breast. Answers to the name of
Wonder." It resembles a deerhound. Whoever will bring the same
to the above addres shall receive the re¬
NNE POUND REVARD. LOST, by a servant,
on Wednesday, the th ist, between  and 5 o'clock in the
afternoon, in or near Alfred street, River-terrace, Islington, à FIVE¬
POUND BANK of ENGLAND NOTE No. E-N 64770, 18 No
1859. Whoever has found the rame and will bring it to Messa. K. J.
Ford and Son, bookselle, 179, Uppenetreet, Islington, saall receive
the above reward. Payment stopped at the Bank.
PERA GLASS LOSTONE POUND RE¬
LOST
between the Princesse Theatre and the Westminster Club, Albemarle¬
street, a small BLACK-MOUNTED DOUBLE OPERA GLASS, by
Voigtlander, Vienna, with the following inscription engraved on the
draws, Callaghan, sle agent by appointment, 232, New Bondteet,
cerner of Conduit-street, London. Whoever will bring the same to
the Porter, at the Westminster Club. Albemarle street, shall receive
—
OLD HUNTING WATCH.LOSTO STOLEN,
PARCEL, booked at the Golden Gros, Charing cross, on the
20th of October, addressed J. Silrani, 1t, Kingroad, Brighton.
containing a geld hanting watch, enameled on both sideone side 
crest of two shields, and on the other side inisials O. T. interwoven.
FIVE POUNDS REVARD will be given on restoration of the pro¬
perty, if found; or for such information as shall jead to the conviction
of the offender. If stelen. Information to be sent to Mr. George
Hawkins, Railway Terminus, Brighton,
OUND, on the 3d instant, in the Strand, a PURSE,
containing money. Apply by letter, givins description of purse
and contents, to J. F., post office, Broadway, Hammersmith.
OUND, by the ostler, at the Ram Commercial
Hetel, Southgate Street, Glocester, a CUT DIAMOND, valu dat
6 apparently escaped from a ring or pin. The same will be handed
—
being made and all expenses paid. If not claimed within the period
stated, it will be given up to the ostler, who clams to appropriate the
same. Inquire of Mr. Wm. Nun, the proprictur. Ram Hotel, Gloces¬
ter. — Jan. 11, 1860.
ISSING FRIENDS in AUSTRALIA. — Persons
in the colonies by
iing to communicate with their frieng
vertien houd apply to Mr. F. ALGAR, 11, Clement-lane,
Lombardstreet, E.C.
A Party named JULIUS CEASAR having been
cly advertised for, any INFORMATION respecting him can
be obtained from his sister.-E. B., Mrs. Mitchells, 6, Figtree court,
remple.
OPE PLUNKETT (son of William Plunkett,
formerly of the Temple, and of Melbury terrae, Dorset square,
Barristert Law), or ir dead, his Representative is requested to
OMMUNICATE with the undersigned respecting a legacy bequeathed
o the raid Hope Plunkett.
MATTHES, SON, and STOTON. Solcitors, 2, Arthurstreet
west, London bridge.
DROCLAMA.-JOSEPH OBERFELD, born at
Choynica, in the vicinity of the city of Posen, in Polish Prussia.
who left his home in the year 1847, for London, and was last heard of
by letter, written by him from Mauritius on the 23 of January, 1849,
At the suit of his father, Mr. Dionysius Oberfeld, residing in Posen,
the and Joseph Oberfeld, or his beirs, are hereby summoned to
APPEAR in person before, or Communicate in writing with, the
Councillor Pilaski. Deputy of the undersigned District Court, on or
before the 17th of July, 1860, at 10 o'clock am, at latest. If no infor¬
mation respecting the said Joseph Oberfeld be obtained within that
period he will be declared dead, and his inheritance made over to his
awful beirs
His Prussian Majestys District Court. Posen, Aug. 5. 1859.
UEENS and LORD TREASURERS REMEM¬
BRANCERS OFFICE, Exchequer Chambers. Edinburgh, t
January, 1860.—Notice is hereby given, that WILSON PELHAM
therwise PENEAUD, late of No. 6, New-Street, Larkball-lane. Cap¬
am, in the county of Surrey, now et No. 18, Cavendich-gve, Wanda¬
worth road, Vauxhall, in the same county, has APPLID to the
Lords Commissioners of Her Majestys Treasury for a GIFT of the
STATESCHARRIET ELEANOR PELHAMO PENEAUD, some¬
ime residing at Chelze, in the county of Middlesex, deceased, and of
Brent Spencer or Pelbam or Peneaud, a lnpatic, sometime residing at
unster House, Fulbam, in the same county, also deceased, which
staies bave fallen to
estys ultima hares.
STEELE and CONSTABLE, 44, Bloomsbury square, London, W. C.
—
UNMAKERS COMPANY. — CAUTION.—
Whereas, it has been represente to the Master, Wardens, and
Assistants of the Gunmakers Com any that on the occurrence of an
accident at Kilbum a stort time since, by the bursting of a rifle in the
ands of a member of the Victoria Brigade, it was found that the
barrel of such rille had never been duly proved; and whereas the
Master and Wardens, together with their Proof-master, heving in¬
spected the fragments of the burst rife, find such representation to
be correct, and that the rille in question has been manufactured and
sold without the barrel having been submitted to the test requisite to
guarantee its safety, and contrary to the provisions of the Gun-barrel
Act, 1855, which enacts that no barrel shall be ued in the making of
any smallm, nor shall a small arm be cold or kept for sale unless the
barrel or barrels thereof have been duly proved at the Proof-house of
the Gummakers Company, the Birmingham proof-house, or some
other public proof house, established by law, and duly marked as
proved and inasmuch as the master and wardens have reason to
believe that mary ritles are row in the possession of members of the
different brigades the barrels of which have not been duly proved,
whereby the safety of the public as well as of individuas is manifestly
endangered; all Commanding Offices of Riffe Brigades throughout Eng¬
land, as also the respective members thereof, and the public generally.
are hereby warned of the abovementioned occurrence, and cautioned
againt the purchase or use of riffel and other arms without being
quite satisfied that the barrels of such arm, have been duly proved and
marked as proved according to the said act of Parlament.
Byder of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Gunmakers
Company.
January 5, 1800. GEO. RUTHERFORD, Clerk.
ARTS PATENT ECONOMIZING GAS
BURNERSCAUTION. Whereas Letters Patent, dated the
9th day of January, 1858, were granted to Herbert William Hart, of
69. Fleet Street, London, and Birmingham, in the county of Warwich
gas engineer, for Ia provements in regilating the Pressae of as
and it having recently come to the knowledge of the said Herbert Wil¬
liam Hart that there are many spurious imitations of his gas burners
offered for sale by various persons which are either infringements
upon his patent, or attempts to evade the same, and are not of the
samo durability or use as those manufactured by the original patente,
the public is heret y cautioned in purchasingges burners to observe that
all burners manufactured by the patentes are marked with his trade
mark (the initias H. W. H., surmounted by a crown), without
which none are genuine ; and notice is hereby given, that procee fings
will be taken agamst all persons who shall make use of or sell any is
burners which ay be an INFRINGEMENT of the said PATEN¬
TEE RIGUIS; and the patentes will feel obliged by persons im¬
nosed upon by reason of such spurious imitations communicating with
him at his establishment, 63, lest-Street London, where the patent
burners can be obtained, at la d. cach, and the highest testimonials
as to the efficiency of the burner may be inspected.
REECE, WILINS, and BLYTH. 10, St. Swithin-lane,
city, Agents for W. H. Reece, Birmingham, Solicitor for
the Patentee.
ATURAL HISTORY. — United Service Institu¬
tion, Whitehall-yard, S. W. The Council having been authorized,
at a General Meeting of the Members, to dispose of the specimens f
natural history in the Museum, hereby give notice, that the COLLEC¬
TION II OPEN for INSPECTION daily from 11 to  fon applica¬
tion to the Secretary), from January 3d to 3ist, 1860. Offers for the col¬
lection as a whole, or in groups, will be received by the Secretary. The
collection consist of ctuffed birds, skins of birds, horns of animals,
skulls of animals, reptiles, fishes, specimens illustrating ethnology,
botanical specimens, shells, crustaceaus, echinoders, corals, in ects,
miscellancous speciens. By order of the Council,
Dec. 29 1859.
B. BURGESS, Captain, Sac.
O SCULPTORS. The Council of the Art-Union
London offer PREMIUM of 70 guiness for a GROUP or
STATUEITE, to be subsequently crecated in bronze or Parian, re¬
prerenting come subject from English history, 30 guineas will be
awarded to the work which may be selected as second in merit. The
premiums are to be competed for by finished models in plaster; the
height of the figure when erect to be 20 inches.
The models are to be sent in to the office of the Society on or before
the l4th of July next, each accompanied by a sealed letter, containing
the sculptors ame, and they will be publicly exhibited. The selscted
models, with copyright, will become the property of the Art Union of
Londen.
The Council reverve to themselves the right of withholding either or
both of the premiums if works of adequate merit be no submitted.
GEORGE GODWIN, Hon.
LEIS POCOCK, Secs.
No. 144, West Strand, Jan. 10, 1860.
RITISE AUXILIARY LEGION of SPAIN.—
The PENSIONS for the quarter ending the 31 March next will
PAID on the lith iust, to the non commissione officers and pri¬
vates residing in London; and to the widow, office, and the non¬
commissioned offices and privates out of Londen, on and after the
th, from 10 to 2 o'clock. —London, January 12, 1860.
THE ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS, in the Regents¬
park,  OPEN DALLY, except on Sunday. Admission, 1s;
Monday.
Among the recent additions to the menagerie are a
lang, or Wild Horef hibet, exhibited for the first time, and  Par¬
of Young Lions from Natal. An official Guide Book is sold in the
Gardens, price d.
VENING PARTIES.—M. HENRY NOVRAS
spirie MAGICAL ENTERTAINMENT, for Christmas and
Juvenile parties in town and country; combining legerdemain with
his extensive collection of mechanical tricks Magicalrep.
No. 85, Regent-street, W. N.B. No engagements accepted for Friday
evening
VENING PARTIES. Novelies in Magie and
Mystery. To hours of Illusion, Ventriloquim, Fantoccint,
and Dissolving Viewr may be secured at Mr. W. CREMER. Jun.
magical depot. 10, BridgeStreet, Wertminster, N.B. The artists being
of good position, and engaged exclusively for this establishment, a su¬
perior entertainment is guaranteed.
NGLIS, French, and German TOYS.-Fancy
Articles and Christmas Presents. The COUNTERHOLDERS
bave a very large and varied STOCK, at the Bakerstreet B
EWARTUNION. — Limited to 5,000 Subscribers.


V
—
LINE
ressiens of which
cre
0 uines. The
de
ceebrity and und
interest. Each of
seven
ven for the guine

mbscrption is of
eathe
usuay ven
—
—
came
oe

 the 5,000 cet are absoreo
tech

eo
halda property ortha le 10. d.




—
canbep¬
may be reled
—


eng

wlleefor

here in Londen. Specimens may be, and procpectusen
a
n.
—
thtot
n, Gt
¬
comeLo
