SYES."—.

C. B. to J. B.—RECEIVED safely, with thanks.I

am pretty well.
D.—If you set any value on character and future
prospects, RETURN at once to your duties. The past will be
forgiven, upon easy conditions, and, as hitherto, I will be your true
friend.—J. T. F. R., 143.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—MISSING, since the
11th instant, an ENGLISH GENTLEMAN, about 30 years of
age. Height, 5 feet 6 inches, rather slightly built, brown, short hair, no
beard or whiskers, dressed in black Oxonian coat, black braided vest,
and black hat. Linen supposed to be marked "J. B. W." Speaks
Fronch fluently. Was last seen at Folkestone, at 12 at noon, on the 11th
instant. The above reward will be paid to any person who shall give
such information as shall lead to the discovery of the above gentleman
to Mr. Martin, Superintendent of Police, Folkestone; Mr. Coram,
Superintendent of Police, Dover; or to John Stephens, Esq., 5, Chester¬
terrace, Regent's-park, London.
LOST, a PASSAGE TICKET, by the ship PRINCE
of WALES for Melbourne, by an intending emigrant. Itis sup¬
posed to v been dropped in the neighbourhood of King's-cross.
As it is of no use to any person but the owner, a liberal REWARD
will be paid. Apply to J. M., 6, Drummond-street, Euston-square.
LOST, on the morning of 26th of June, 1862, between
the Army and Navy Club and the Hungerford-bridge Steam-boat-¬
pier, TWO £10 BANK of ENGLAND NOTES, Nos. 45,404 and 46,403,
April 8, 1862. TWO POUNDS REWARD will be given to any one
bringing them to Mr. A. Laurie, 10, Charles-street, St. James's.
LEFT in a cab, on Saturday, the 21st inst., a
BUNCH of KEYS, with Medals, on a chased gold ring. Who¬
ever will bring them to 16, Upper Belgrave-place, Eaton-square, shall
be liberally REWARDED.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on the morning
of the 25th of June, either at the Mansion-house, or between
that and 60, Lombard-street, a BRACELET, consisting of green trans¬
parent convex stones, set opaquely in gold. Whoever will bring the
same to O. H., 60. Lombard-street, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST or STRAYED,
on the 25th inst., in the neighbourhood of Westbourne-grove, a
LITTLE WHITE DOG, with long hair. Any one bringing the same
to 7, Lonsdale Villas, Westbourne-grove, W., shall receive the above
reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Monday, a
TWISTED GOLD CHAIN BRACELET, with clasp and locket
attached, between Conduit-street and Kensington-square. Whoever
will return it to No. 5, Kensington-square, shall receive the above
reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday,
the 21st inst., either at Euston-square Terminus, or in the neigh¬
ro
of Langham-place or Henrietta-street, Covent-garden, a
BLUE ENAMEL LOCKET, encircled by a gold serpent, with an in¬
scription on the mner side, and containing two small locks of hair. Ir
brought to Mr. H. Nash, 4, Upper Weymouth-Street, the above reward

TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a GOLD
HUNTING WATCH, with white dial and engine-turned case.
Maker's name, French, Royal Exchange, No. 12,763. Whoever will
deliver the same to the maker, at No. 9, Royal Exchange, will receive

FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—To Cabmen.—Lost.
—DROPPED in a four-wheel cab that took up a lady and gentle¬
man on Tuesday night at Cremorne Gardens, and set down near Suf¬
folk-street, Pall-mall, a DOUBLE-CASE GOLD WATCH, with
Chain; maker's name, Baddallet, Geneva, engraved on the dial. Who¬
ever will bring the same to the Tavistock Hotel, Covent-garden, shall
receive the above reward. —June 25.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD will be paid by
Messrs. Whistler and Co., 11, Strand, to any party having found
and delivering to them, intact, a GOLD DUPLEX KEYLESS
WATCH, maker's name Vieyres and Repingon, Regent-street; com¬
pensating balance, No. 3,669; with gold chain, and appendages of
fusee-box, Bramah key, Indian gold ring, Turkish coin, and engraved
crest; of trifling value to any one but the owner. LOST near Eaton¬
square on the night of the 24th of June.
A SUM of MONEY was LEFT by some person, on
the 9th of June, at the Money Order office, Lombard-street. The
owner of it should address any application relative to the same to the
Controller of the Money Order office, St. Martin's-le-Grand.
FOUND, on Saturday, June 21, a £5 BANK of
ENGLAND NOTE. Should this meet the eye of the loser,
direct to T. C., 7, Sweet Apple-court, Bishopsgate.
FOUND, a large BROWN RETRIEVER DOG.
The owner can have it by applying at 39, Eccleston-place, Pimlico,
and paying expenses. If not owned within seven days will be sold to
defray the same.
FOUND, about 10 days ago, at 33, St. James's¬
street, a MOROCCO PURSE, containing a note and gold. Any
one can have the above by giving evidence of ownership and paying
expense of advertising.
FOUND, at Woolwich, on Saturday, the 21st inst.,
 LEATHER PURSE, containing money. The owner can have
it on application, by giving evidence of ownership and paying costs.
Apply to J. Bishop, 95. Vine-terrace, Waterloo-road, London.
FOUND, on the 14th inst., in the Walworth-road, a
BLACK NEWFOUNDLAND DOG. The owner can have it by
paying the expenses. If not claimed in seven days it will be sold.
Apply at 20, Crosby-row, Walworth-road.
FOUND, a GOLD WATCH, on Tuesday evening,
near Sussex-gardens. The owner can have it by giving a proper
description and paying expenses. Apply at the Prince Alfred Hotel,
Queen's-road, Bayswater, any day this week, before 10 a.m.
FOUND, about the middle of April, a large
BROWN RETRIEVER DOG. The owner can have it by giving
a full description and paving expenses. If not owned within seven days
it will be sold to defray the same. Apply to A. B., 32, William-street,
Hampstead-road.
DOG FOUND—a black retriever—on the 16th inst.,
in Hyde-park. The owner can have the dog by paying all ex¬
penses. If not claimed within four days he will be sold to defray ex¬

JEREMIAH DRISCOL, who worked in Spitalfields
in 1842, or ang of his children, are requested to COM¬
MUNICATE with Margaret Stuart (formerly Neal), Bridge-street,

NEXT of KIN.—If the RELATIONS or NEXT of
KIN of WILLIAM JULIUS WALTER, late of Creck-street,
Deptford, in the county of Kent, bookkeeper (who died on or about
the 19th of February, 1860), will apply, either personally or by letter, to
the Solicitor to the Treasury, Whitchall, London, they may HEAR of
SOMETHING to their ADVANTAGE.
TO SHIPPING MASTERS, Captains, Mates, Sea¬
s
INFORMATION
relative to EDWIN OCTAVIOUS SHELTON TREATT, alias John
Nelson, alias Henry John, born at Exmouth, Devon, Feb. 16, 1813; last
heard of at Chittagong in 1858; also of George Burford Treatt, born at
Topsham, Devon, Sept. 19, 1823 ; last seen at Exmouth, Devon, Feb. 15,
1851 —both seamen. Any information, if elive or dead, will be paid for
by the undersigned, John B. Treatt, surveyer of shipping, Cardiff,
Wales.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £577 4s. Consolidated
£3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
GEORGE HARRIES, of Haverfordwest, M.D., and JOHN HILL
HARRIES, of Priskilly, Pembrokeshire, Esq., and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends there¬

Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon
paid, to George Jordan Harries, sole executor of John Hill Harries,
who was the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
LROBERT, 10, Panton-square, Piccadilly, who
advertised in The Times of the 24th and 25th inst, for a
GOVERNESS, bees to inform the numerous applicants that he has
already ENGAGED one. He trusts all those who have applied will
accept this notice, as the number of applications is too large to reply to
them individually.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To ELIZA SMITH, of 15, Park¬
street, Dorset-square, in the parish of St. Marylebone, in the county
of Middlesex.—Take notice, that a CITATION, bearing date the 27th
day of June 1851, has issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court for
Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, at the instance of Samuel Smith, of
No. 18, Hastings-street, King's-cross, in the county of Middlesex,
cabinetmaker, citing you to appear in the said Court within eight days
of the service thereof, then and there to answer his petition filed in
the said Court, praying for a dissolution of his marriage with you: and
such citation contains an intimation that in default of your so doing
the said Court will proceed to hear the said petition proved in due
course of law, and to pronounce sentence therein, your absence not¬
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
withstanding.
JOHN SLOMAN WEST HERRING. Solicitor for the
Petitionor, Stafford-chambers, 17, Stafford-street,
Marylebone-road.
IN. Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE (the
Principal Registry).—To CASPARY GRIEFFENBERG, of Buk,
in the Duchy of Posen, in the Kingdom of Prussia, and to all others,
the naxt of kin, if any, and persons entitled in distribution to the
perconal estate, but it is unknown who they are or where they reside,
and all other persons in general, having or pretending to have any
inserest in the personal estate and effects of Joseph Grieffenberg, late
of the parish of St. Stophen, in the city of Norwich, jeweller, decessed,

Court of Probate, dated the 12th day of June, 1862, whereby you, the
said Caspary Grieffenberg, and all other the next of kin, and persons
entitied in distribution to his personal estate and effects, if any, and
all other persons having or pretending to have any interest in the per¬
sonal estate and effects of the said Joseph Grieffenberg as aforesaid,
are cited to appear, within 30 days after the publication of this notice,
and accept or refuse letters of administration of the personal estate
and effects of the said Joseph Grieffenberg, deceased, or show cause
why the same should not be granted to John Wigger, a creditor of the
said deceased, with an intimation that in default of your appearance
the said letters of administration will be granted to the said John
H. L. STRONG, Registrar.
Wigger.
ABBOTT and WHEATLY, 23 a, Southampton-buildings,
erqane.
IN the MATTER of ELIZA WINSOR, widow, a
person of unsound mind, so found by Inquisition, under the provi¬
sions of the Lunacy Regulation Act, 1853, any person or persons claim¬
ing to be the HEIR or HEIRS-at-LAW of the said ELIZA WINSOR,
who for 25 years last past has resided and is now residing at
No. 56, York-terrace, Regent's-park, in the county of Middlesex, or
claiming to be catituled under the statutes for the distribution of in¬
testates estates (in case she were now deceased intestate) to her personal
estate, are forthwith, by their solicitors to come in and prove their
heirship or kindred, before the Masters in Lupacy, at their office,
No. 45, Lincoln's-inn-fields, in the county of Middlesex; or, in default
thereof, they will be precluded the benefit of all procedings in the
above matter. —Dated this 23 day of June, 189.
FRANCIS BARLOW.
ADVERTISEMENT.—To the HEIRS, Devisees, or
Assigns of GEORGE DIXON, deceased. — Whereas, by an Act
of the Legislature of Vancouver Island, intituled "The Act to Cure
Imperfect Titles, 1861," it is provided that, from and after the passage
of this Act, any person or persons who prior to the passage of this Act
shall have purported to purchase real estate in Vancouver Island, or its
dependencies, from the owner of the fee simple thereof, for a valuable
consideration, and shall have obtained a conveyance thereof defective

and any person or persons who shall be entitled derivatively to an
interest so purported to have been purchased, and so originally con¬
veyed by an instrument insufficient to pass the fee simple, may file a
bill in the Supreme Court of Civil Justice against the original grantor,
his hears or assigns: and, in the event of such bill being filed by any
person derivatively entitled as aforesaid against the original granter,
his heirs or assigns, and the intermediate holders of the same real
estate, praying a decrec that the said real estate may be vested in him
or them for an absolute estate in fee simple, the Chief Justice may,
if satisfied that the actual intention of the original grantor was to
convey the absolute legal fee simple, or the absolute equitable fee
simple, the real estate purported to be conveyed, order that the original
grantor, and all persons claiming as his heirs or ascigns, shall show
caure, within 12 months from the date of such order, why a decree
that the legal fee simple, or the equitable fee simple, in the said
real estate should not be vested, by the order of the Court, in the
plaintiff or plaintiffs; and whereas a bill has been filed in the
Supreme Court of Civil Justice, wherein James Yates and John D—
Carroll are plaintiffs, and William Thompson and William Dixon are
defendants, praying a decree that LOT numbered 191 on the OFFI¬
CIAL MAP of VICTORIA may be vested in the plaintiffs for an

been satisted that the actual intention of the late George Dixon, the
original grantor of such lot, was to convey the absolute legal fee simple
Ta

ordered that all persons claiming as the heirs or assigns of the said
seseeese
ese
e—





be VESTED in the plaintiffs, or otherwise, either legally or equitably,
seneeenasnsermsee—
Lssseseseensaeasms


Leonsseeengmams
Messrs. PRICHARD and COLLETTE, 57, Lincoln's-inn-fields,
London, Solicitors for the Plaintifr,
