—Many happy returns of the dav. Hope you are
botter. Shall be in town 7th Dec. Try to see me in H.
about 1 o'clock—E.
L. to O. G. DAWSON. —Letters of February
and March received last week. Write again to H. L., care of
Messrs. H. S. King and Co., Cornhill, London.
REVD. J. S. WATSON.—The writer of an anony¬
mout communication to Mr. Watson's solicitor, of the 1st Novem¬
ber, is requested to send further particulars, as those furnished are not
aufficient. —W. J. Fraser, 75, Dean-street.
Boho, W.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD. JAMES WYNYARD
JEFFERSON e e.
esmsmasom
—WANTED, the DATE and PLACE of DEATH of the abovenamed
also the names and addresses of the executors. The above reward of
£5 will be paid to the porson giving the required information. Address
D. G., the Jerusalem Subscription Rooms, Cowper's-court, Cornhill..
IF Mr. FREDERICK COLLINS, who formerly re¬
sided in Drury-lane, afterwards at Kingsland-road and Cowper¬
road, Hornsey, and who, in 1850, was appointed by deed, in condunction
with John Joseph Morewood and

of George Edwards, will COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Leathes and
Maynard, of 3, Langham-place, W., solicitors, he will hear of some¬
thing to his advantage.
HJOH
NT.
INFORMATION W 
.
NO   .
so
Ams

dae e e,
ksmith, Holbe.
 ns
Tne in ll
tn n , neo o eee
Lae
beard of


ark hair and complexion, age 45 years. Any person giving informa¬

s
dence of the same, shall be handsomely REWARDED, and fairly re¬
munerated for their trouble. Address Mr. John German, blacksmith,
Ho.
ach, Lincolushire, England. Witness, John Charles Masdonald,
orintere.
ovember
Lincolnshire, England.—
auction.
er, Holbeace.
27th, 180.
D. e W .
TWENTY-FIVE POUNDS REWAL
S .

to eh t f e
e 25th and morning of the 26th November in¬
stant, after the election of a Member on
trieament for the Borough of
bo
tie e ei edei e tuamen
Ponn
e
acsemble, and wilfully and wantorly destroy property
he town
of considerable value e len¬
and
eeee

dan.
the
ad
above reward o e.
ssseeenssenaes¬
said Borough to any person who sh a gi
OREMTION as
auch IN
alead to the apprehenst
iction of the ORGANISER
ae  coon

AD
AFU L

owho oo.
ACTS. An


s

orn
o the apprehension and conviction of the actual perpetrators of such
depredations
noiormat
to
esesc
Co.
Sse L e wis and Lewis, 10,  .
m. Police-office,
et ae
Sace.
Holborn, 1.

osecution,
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand, W.C.
—The Governors shankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT
of a £10-note, No. 81052, from W. V. H. R.—HENRY WOOLCOTT.
Secretary.
THE HOSPITAL for WOMEN, Soho-square.—

tt beg to ACKNOWLEDGE the receipt of a
DONATION of TEN GUINEAS from the Worshipful Company of
Drapers, and to present their sincere thanks to the Court of Assistants
for the aid thus rendered to this national charity.—HENRY B.
INGRAM, Secretary.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, near Glonces¬
ter-road Station, Nov. 23d, a WHITE POMERANIAN BITCH,
six months old. Whoever takes her to 26, Hereford-square, Brompion,
shall receive the above. No further reward offered.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 29th
inst., in or near Old Jewry, a small PARCEL of DEEDS, of no
value except to owner. Apply so housekeeper, 15, Old Jewry-cham¬

THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, from
Wilton
ace, on November 18, between 11 and 12, a BLACK and
TAN TERRIER. Whoever will take it to 33, Wilton-place, shall re¬
ceive the above reward. No further reward will be given.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, TWO
TWENTY-POUND NOTES. Nos. 87452—3, and stopped at the
Bank. Whoever will take the same to C. Tovey, 23, Great Tower¬
street, shall recive the above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on the 24th of
by Stanhope-gate, Hyde-park, London, a small BROWN
TERRIER BITCH, one white fore foot, ears well cut, short legs, broad
chest, thick tail, weight 314 1bs. ; had on at the time lost a leather
collar with three brass bells. Answers to the name of Tiney or Pocket.
Any one taking or giving such information as will lead to its recovery,
by applying to Mr. Alton. 9, Belgrave-street south, Eaton-square,
Pimlico, London, shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, at the Royal Clarence Hotel, at Exeter, on
Nov. 4th, a PURSE, containing money. The owner can have it
restored by giving full description and paving expenses
ALICIOUS HOAX.—£20 REWARD. — Whereas
some maliciously-minded person has imposed on our establish¬
ment by an order for mourning dresses for the family of Mr. Wells, of
Ventnor in the Isle of Wight
£20 to any one who can
e
REVEAL and PROVE the AUTHORSHIP of the hoax in question.
Mr. Wells has kindly submitted the case to the consideration and action
of the local magistracy.—W. C. Jay and Co., 247, Regent-street.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the suin of £54 4s. 9d. New £3 per Cent. Annui¬
ties, heretofore standing in the names of WILLIAM PERRIN and
WILLIAM HENRY GODFREY, both of Windlesham, Surrey, farmers.
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence
of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th April
1861:—Notico is hereby given, that on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be transferred, and the dividends
thereon paid to William Henry Godfrey, the survivor, who has caimed
the same, uniess some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To WILLIAM PETER VOSPER
WALLIS, now or late of Bronteville Merton Road Sonthsea in the
County of Southampt
Solicitor. Take Notice that a CITATIOT
bearing date
sseaas
er 1871 has issued under the seal

oe o u o o  i.
at the in¬



taingston

te i the said county of Southampton citing

with in i d ays
app

B e er

tion filed by her in th e o e
for

aodieial seear¬
to n e and suoh citation contains an

of your so doing the Court will proceed to hear the said petition proved
in due co o oe.
law and to pronounce sentence thereon
th  sen
notwithsta
toi n gi a nd a  further intimation that for the
t
aforesaid
you are to attend in person or by you.
coctor Solicitor or Attorney at
the Registr y et

  n d t.
Commons London and there


ana
ee
tho.
tpurpoeese
h
be alowed to address the Court in person or b

Counsel at any stage of they
ceedinigns in the cane.
DWARD S. JENNE
Regiss
WILLIAM BROWNE K
N E R 19.



To the THADESM 
ONDON,on TAXATION and TRADE.
entlemen,
IN the first place, allow me
solicit your indulgence,

preromn
nous in addressing to



every man who is in business in this great and noble London of ours,


fa  dealing and no
favour, is justified in speaking out, if
ta anything to say, on a sub¬
ject that is of vital imperta n
 community. No
to the
th ole tr
doubt, Gentlemen, your are, ere this el

incorne-tax
assessors have been most active
at work for some time past.
Pressure has been put on somewhere; our returns a
ignoren.
and we have been sur char ged.
ery chins. Indeed,
to
believe the strain has been put upon us so strongly with every
view of testing how far we really can be strained without a
regular explosion. Now Gentlemen, the point which I respectfully beg
to submit to your notice is this—Is it fair, reasonable, and just, for the
Government to desire one set of officers to tax the tradesmen of Lon¬
don up to their last pound, and at the same time to allow another set
of their own officers to carry on business, in the form of Civil Service
Stores, and compete with tradesmen who have to meet the demands
of the Government tax collector? Whatever race has to be run between
man and man in this complicated world of ours, one common rule
ought to be applied to all, and that is, start fair. Place all competitors
on a level footing, and then no manly man can possibly grumble. But
in this case the Civil Service trading company, carried on by Govern¬
ment servants,a body of gentlemen who are all liberally paid
for doing six hours' work a day, supported in respectability out
of the taxes of the nation, I would ask, again and again, is it
proper, fair, and, I may almost say, honest state of things that
these very men should be carrying retail trading in direct opposition
and in every way antagonistic to the large body of London tradesmen,
who have to meet the Government demands for increased taxation?
Gentlemen, this is most unreasonably inconsistent, unfair, and un¬
patriotic. It is not only like stabbing a man in the back, but stabbing
him in the front also—like knocking him down with one hand and cut¬
ting the ground from under his feet with the other; so that no man
has a fair chance of meeting the Government collector on satisfactory
terms. This year the income-tax has been increased to the extent of
half as much again as it was last year, and it may be that the assess¬
ment will be increased to half as much again also, so that in that
case we should be bit two ways at once, without half a
chance of defending ourselves. The object of trade is to live,
but these Civil-Servants have their living provided for them by the
State. Then, why should they be allowed to be in trade in
direct antagonism to the resail traders of London, who, as
class, have to contribute ro largely to the demands of the Exchequer?
We, under these circumstances, are unduly and unfairly weighted. We
have to compete with a system of trade carried on by men who have
their living provided for them by the nation, and, therefore, we are be¬
tween two fires—one set of Government officers taxing us all they can,
and another set of Government officers trying to prevent us from gain¬
ing profit to meet these very taxes all they can. I submit, therefore, be¬
fore the face of the Government and the whole country, that such a
state of things is to the last degree, highly inconsistent, unfair, and
unbearable; and I hope there will be such a lond and open protest
made throughout the length and breadth of the land against the ex¬
treme pressure now being applied by the income-tax assessors and the
surcharges which are now being made, that will convince the Govern¬
ment of the great injustice of two sets of their own officers doing all
they can to cripple the pockets and tax-paying power of the whole body

I beg to remain, Gentlemen, your most obedient servant
A. TEETGEN.
No. 67, Bishopsgate-street within, and Kingsland,
v. 27 18.
IMPORTANT NOTICE.—SMYTHE.— If the
CHARGES on two valuable lots of JEWELLERY, left with Mr.
E.E. Child, late Vincent, 65, Brompton-road, on the 2

last, in the name of Smythe (aidress refused), be NOT PAID, on
before the 4th Dec. next, the abovementioned jewellery will be SOLD
to defray expenses.
THE THAMES PLATE-GLASS COMPANY
(Limited), Plackwall. The FIRE at the Company's works being oon
fined to the roof of one of the casting halls and a portion of the roof
of the glasshouse, leaving the melting furnaces and one of the casting
halls uninjured, no interruption will take place in the manufacture.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared
E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label, used so many years, sinned "Elizabeth Lazenby
CAUTION.—CHUBES LOCKS and SAFES can
be obtained in London only from Chubb and Son, makers to the
ueen and the Bank of England, 57, St. Paul's churchyard, E.C.
CAUTION.-VOIGTLANDERS OPERA and RACE
GLASSES.—The p e
cautioned that Mr. CALLAGHAN is
the appointed SOLE AGENT for the above.—23a, New Bond-street,
corner of Conduit-street.
CAUTION. —Ladies are informed that the only bona
fide improvements in LADIES SADDLES for hunting, India.
and colonies, have been made and registered by Messrs. LANGDON,
Duke-street, Manchester-square, London. No agents.
CAUTION.—BETTS'S CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of sapsules made in contravention
of his rights, which necessarily are numerous, Betts being the original
inventor and sole maker in the United Kingdom.—1. Wharf-road, City¬
road, London, and Bordeaux, France.—April 8, 1869.
CAUTION. — JENNER and KNEWSTUBS
PATENT BAG of BAGS.—The trade are hereby cautioned again
seiling and the public against buying piracies of this patent. All per¬
sons found in any way infringing it will be at once proceeded against,
33, St. James's-street, f
s.
CAUTION.—Messrs. HANCOCKS and Co.,
Goldsmiths, Jewellers, and Silversmiths to the Queen, the Prince
and Princess of Wales, and the principal Courts of Eurppe, &c.,
regret being compelled to CAUTION the public that their BUSINESS,
established by Mr. C. F. Hancock, is only CARRIED ON at the same
address, Nos. 36 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—The Directors of the FOREIGN
VINEYARD ASSOCIATION (Limited), having learnt that
circulars are issued, worded so as to mislead the public, notice is herebe
given, that this Association, registered in 1854, has no connexion with
any other wine establishment.—W. H. PALMER, Manager.—No. 200,
Regent-street, W.
CAUTION.—Water Filters.—The LONDON and
GENERAL WATER PURIFYING COMPANY caution the
publis that all its FILTERS have the Company's name on them, and
no others are genuine. It is also very essential that all letters should


has been omitted. For prices, &c., apply or address to 157, Strand, W. C.
CAUTION.—RED HEART RUM.—The public are
CAUTIONED against IMITATIONS of this celebrated SPIBIT.
Owing to its having been found so eminently successful as a preventative
of cholera and diarrhess, this caution is rendered necessary. Each
sottle of the genuine is labelled and the corks and capsules are
branded.—Chie London agent, J. G. TURNEY, 41, King William¬
street, city.
CAUTION.—A. S. LLOYD'S EUXESIS, for shaving.
R. HOVENDEN and SONS having purchased under an ad¬
ministration suit the business of the late A. S. Lioyd, together with the
receipt, trade sark, and goodwill of his relebrated Euxesis, the public
are cautioned that the original and genuine Euxesis bears only the
address o 
scriginal manufactory, 27, Glasshouse-street, Regent.
street, where it may be obtain e
