 to X.—Meet me Wednesday or Thursday and Eet
me have £23.
MERE PRETEXT."—You are requested to see
your solicitors without delay.
EATON.—Received yours and contents. Money
paid and deeds in my possessiom. Many thanks, and may your
 be prolonged.
FELIX. —Sorry T. is wrong igain. Don't blame un¬
kindly, nor think this unnecessary. J.'s complaint absurd, in¬
vitation being litarally observed. Won't give chance again. Could O.,
now vacapt, help temporarilys Love to W—y. God blessyon.
CURREEN. — HYMENOPHYLLON. —W. G.
earnestly-requests his old pupil to COMMUNICATE with him,
or to return at once. His friends zare in a state of great anxiety,
which can only be relieved by his return.
THE TICHBORNE CASE.—The GENTLEMAN
who enclosed a paragraph on Saturday to Mr. Haitch, 2, Jermyn¬
street, St. James's, is requested to COMMUNICATE with the rece¬
pient or with Mr. Howse, 49, Leicester-square, without delay.
PHILIP BAYLEY:—INFORMATION is RE¬
QUIRED in respect to the above, who was a woollendraper in Graf¬
ton-street, Dublin, until the year 1848, and then went to London, from
Whence he is supposed to have emigrated to America. Apply to Wil¬
diam Findlater and Co., soliciters, 35 Upper Ormond-quay, Dublin.
HEIR-ATLAW of ANN RATTENBURY, de¬
ceased, wife of James Rattenbury, sometime of Victoria-parade,
Melbourne, and also of 3, Onslow-terrace, Brompton, near London,
deceased, is requested to COMMUNICATE with Wisewould and
Gibbs, solicitors, Melbourne, Wictoria, or with Messrs. Whites, Renard,
and Floyd, 28a, Budge-row, Cannon-street, ElC., in reference to pro¬
perty in which such heir is supposed to have an interest.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—The above reward is
offered to any party furnishing authentic INFORMATION as
to the existence or death of THOMAS BROWN, a Scotchman, and
by trade a turner. He was born at Forgandenny, Perthshire, in 1817,
and for some time resided there, and afterwards in Leith Wynd,
Edinburgh. About 1842 he was sentenced to transportation for seven
years and sent to Melbourne, where he is known to have been about
d4 years ago. He is supposed about that time to have gone from Mel¬
bourne up the country, or to Auckland or elsewhere in New Zesland.
Communications to be addressed to Messrs. Lindsay, Jamieson, and
Haldane, accountants, 24, St. Andrew-square, Edinburgh.
JOSEPH WILKINSON, deceased.—The NEXT" of
KIN of JOSEPH WILKINSON, late of No. 6, Cook's-road, Hill¬
street. Walworth, Surrey, gentleman, deceased, are requested to COM¬
MUNICATE with Messrs. Thomson and Son, solicitors, of 60, Corn¬

CANCER HOSPITAL, London and Brompton.—
The Weekly Board be leae
ry gratefully to ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEIPT of a FIFTY POUND NOTE, from Miss Evans, of
Tunbridge-welle
Office, 167, Piccadilly (opposite to Bond-street), 6th March, 1869.
LOST, on the 6th inst., a gentleman's CAMEO PIN,
with a lady's likeness cut on it, of value only to the owner. Who¬
sover will take the same to 3, Grosvenor-gardens, S.W., shall be hand¬
ssomely REWARDED.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday
last, near-Trump-Street, Cheapside, a small CASH-BAG, contain¬
ing two £5 notes (nayment of which is stopped), and about £13 in gold.
Whoever will take the same to Mr. York, fishmonger, 1, Honey-lane¬
market, Cheapside, shall receive the above reward.
DLAMOND RING LOST, on Sunday night, Feb.
28, supposed to have been dropped between Highbury and New¬
ington-causeway, va North London Railway—fancy scroll, with shield
supporting diamond. The finder, on taking it to 79, Newington-cause¬
way shall be handsomly rewarded.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—STRAYED, a little
ROUGH, TERRIER, about six months old, coat thick, not very
long, colour brownish, dark gray head, white and gray tuft on breast.
Answers to the names of "Garry" and "Piggins." Last seen in the
neighbourhood of St. John's-wood-road and Primrose-hill, on Friday,
26th. Whoever will take him to 45, Grove-end-road, N.W., shall re¬
ceive one guinea. No further reward will be offered.
THE 3d.DEPOT BATTALION being about to be
broken up, all persons having CLAIMS of a regimental
nature against it are requested to forward them to its Commanding
Officer, at Shorncliffe, not later than the 20th inst., after which date no
claims can be entertained.
CONTRACT for AUSTRALIAN PRESERVED BOILED BEEF.
CONTRACT DEPARTMENT, ADMIRALTY, Somerset¬

TENDERS will be received on Monday, the 22d
inst., for the SUPPLY of 200,0001bs. of AUSTRALIAN PRE¬
SERVED BOILED BEEF. To be delivered at Deptford Victualling¬
yard, between the 1st December, 1869, and the 31st January, 1870.
The conditions of contract and all particulars may be ascertained at
this office.
to e e en
ANTONIO BRADY, Registrar of Contracts.
COKE BREEZE.—The Directors of the Imperial
Gas Company are ready to receive TENDERS from parties willing
to PURCHASE the BREEZE made at their several works, viz.:—At
York-road, King's-cross; Great Cambridge-street, Hackney-road; and
Sands-end, Fulham, for one year from 31st inst. Forms of tender may
be obtained on application to the Secretary, at the office, 33, John¬
street, Bedford-row, to whom the tenders must be sent on or before
Tuesday, the 23d inst. The Directors will not be bound to accept the
highest or any tender.—8th March, 1869.
BEPAIRS of PUBLIC GAS LAMPS.—The
Directors of the Imperial Gas Company are ready to receive
TENDERS from parties willing to undertake the REPAIRS of the
PUBLIC LAMPS lighted by the Company, for one year from the 31st
inst. Specification and forms of tender may be obtained on application
to the Secretary, at the office, 33, John-Street, Bedford-row, to whom
tenders must be made on or before Tuesday, the 23d inst. The Directors
will not be bound to accept the lowest or any tender.
8th March, 1869.
TO SCAVENGERS, Dust Collectors, and others.—
The Streets Committee of the Commissioners of Sewers of the
city of London will meet at this office on Friday, the 19th March inst.,
at 2 o'clock precisely, to receive PROPOSALS from persons willing to
RECEIVE the SWEEPINGS, Dust and Ashes, and Trade Refuse
from the several districts of the city marked A, B, C. D on the plan at
this office, from the 25th inst., for a term of either six, or 12, or 18
months, as may then be decided.
Proposals are to state the sum which the contractor will pay for
each district, or for the whole four, and for the several periods of time
abovementioned.
The sweepings, dust, &c., will be collected and conveyed to the place
of deposit by the Commissioners' men, carts, and horses.
The Commissioners do not pledge themselves to accept the highest
ol any tender unless deemed eligible.
Proposals must be sent addressed to the undersigned, endorsed
"Tender for Sweepings, &c.," before 12 o'clock on the 19th inst.
JOSEPH DAW, Principal Clerk.
Sewers Office, Guildhall, 6th March, 1869.
CONTRACTS for PROVISIONS, Clothing, &c.—
The Guardians of the Poor of the parish of St. Mary, Islington, in
the county of Middlesex, hereby give notice, that they are desirous of
receiving TENDERS from persons willing to CONTRACT for SUP¬
PLYING the workhouse and workhouse schools, of and in their said
parish, with BREAD and FLOUR, meat, butter and cheese, potatoes,
and other vegetables, milk, tea, and grocery, split peas, oatmeal, and
haricot beans, soup, and candles, oilman's goods, boots, shoes, and
leather, linen and woollen drapery, and hosiery; also clothing and
coffins, for the poor of this parish, for six months, from Lady-day next,
to be sent in as and when required, to the said workhouse and work¬
house schools, according to samples, which may be seen there, and
where the estinated quantities of the articles required can be ascer¬
tamed.
Sealed tenders must be delivered at the Guardians' offices, Liverpool¬
road, on or be ore Monday, the 15th instant, where printed forms must
be procured, as none other will be received.
All persons tendering are required to attend personally, or by an
authorised agent, on Wednesday, the 17th instant, at 10 o'clock in the
forenoon, at the offices as above, when and where the tenders will be
opened and determined by the Guardians, do not bind themselves
to accept the lowest or any tender.
Liverpool-road, N., March 4, 1869.
WM. HICKS, Clerk.
MIDHURST UNION, Sussex. — Schoolmaster
Wanted.—The Guardians of this Union will, on Tuesday, the
30th day of March instant, proceed to the ELECTION of a SCHOOL¬
MASTER for the Workhouse.
The salary will be £30 per annum, subject to such additions as he
may entitle himself to under the certificate of the Committee of Council
on Education, together with board, lodging, and washing in the work¬
house.
Candidates must be unmarried, and be fully competent to instruct
the boys, to undertake and superintend their industrial and moral
training, and to perform the duties prescribed by the Poor Law Board,
to whose approval the appointment will be subject.
The person appointed will be required to enter upon his duties im¬
mediately after the election.
Applications, in the handwriting of the applicant, stating age and
qualifications, with testimonials of recent date, to be sent to me before
the 22d day of March instant.
Intimation will be given to those candidates whose attendance on
the day of election will be required. By order of the Board,
Midhurst, March 4, 1869.

EDWIN ALBERY, Clerk.
POPLAR UNION.—To Builders.—Notice is hereby
given, that the Guardians of Poplar Union will meet at the Work¬
house, High-street, Poplar, on Friday, the 19th day of March, 1869, at
11 o'clock in the forenoon precisely, for the purpose of receiving
TENDERS from persons willing to CONTRACT for the ENLARGE¬
MENT and RE-BUILDING of a PORTION of the POPLAR
WORKHOUSE, and other necessary alterations and repairs, agree¬
able to plans, specifications, and conditions, which can be inspected
at the office of the architect, Mr. J. W. Morris, 85, East lndia Dock¬
road, Poplar. Copies of the bills of quantities can be procured from
the architect, on payment of the sum of three guineas, which sum will
be returned on receipt of a bona fide tender.
Sealed tenders, addressed to me, and endorsed "Rebuilding and En¬
largement of Workhouse," must be delivered here not later than the
hour of 11 o'clock on the said 19th day of March, 1869. The contractor
will be required to enter into a written agreement and to execute a
bond, with two responsible sureties, in the sum of £2,000 each, for
the due performance of the contract, and the names and addresses of
the sureties are to be stated in the tender.
The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any

e
JAMES RIPLEY COLLINS, Clerk to the Guardians.
Board-room, 5th March, 186
VEST LONDON UNION.—Contracts.—To
Bakers, Butchers, Grocers, Cheesemongers, Milkmen, Meal¬
men, Cilmen, Greengrocers, Brushmakers, Coal Merchants, Haber¬
dashers, Hosiers, Linendrapers, Woollendrapers, Shoemakers, Printers,
and Undertakers.—The Guardians will meet at the Board Room of
the Union, 18, Thavies'-inn, Holborn, on Monday, the 22d day of
March instant, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon precisely, to receive
TENDERS for NEW CONTRACTS. Persons willing to contract
must send by or before 2 o'clock on Monday, the 22d day of March
instant, to my office, 5, St. Andrew's-court, Holborn, seaied tenders,
stating the terms on which they will enter into such contracts. Sam¬
ples of some of the articles proposed to be contracted for may be seen
on application to Mr. Phillips, master, at the Workhouse, Cornwallis¬
road, Holloway. Particulars of printing required may be seen at my
office. The contractors will be required to enter into a bond for the
due performance of their respective contracts. Form of tender,
stating the periods for which the Guardians will take such contracts,
and other particulars, may be had at my office, on and after the 15th
instant, and no other form of tender will be accepted.

JOHN PONTIFEX, Clerk.
No. 5, St. Andrew's-court, Holborn, March, 1869.
WORKHOUSE CONTRACTS.—Parish of St.
W.
George-the-Martyr, Southwark.—Notice is hereby given, that
the Guardians of the Poor of the above named parish will, at their
Meeting, to be held at the Board Room, in the Workhouse, situate in
Mint-street, in the said parish, on Monday, the 22d day of March instant.
at 6 of the clock in the afternoon precisely, receive PROPOSALS
for SUPPLYING them with the following ARTICLES, from the 27th
day of March instant, respectively, that is to say:—Bread, flour, and
butcher's meat, for six months; and cheesemongery, grocery, meal,
potatoes, table beer, woellendrapery, linendrapery, hosiery, clothes,
oilmen's goods, shoes, curriers' goods, haberdashery, milk, gin, wine,
brandy, stationery, printing, hardware goods, coals, glazing, and coffins,
for 12 months.
Samples of the goods and articles, as stated in the printed tenders,
may be seen at the Workhouse, in Mint-street.
The contractors must, if required, enter into written contracts and
bonds with; two sufficient and approved sureties for the due perform¬
ance of their respective contracts.
A form of tender, which alone will be received, containing a list of
articles required, the periods for which, and the places where they are
to be contracted for and delivered, may be obtained on application at
the Workhouse. All tenders are to be sealed up and delivered at the
Workhouse before 12 o'clock at noon of the 22d day of Marchinstant,
endorsed with the name of the articles tendered for ; and all persons
tendering must attend the Board at their said Meeting.
As far as circumstances will permit, all bills will be examined and
paid at the expiration of each quarter.
By order of the Board. JOHN H. FITCH, Clerk.
No. 13, Union-street, Southwark, March 4, 1860
CITY of LONDON UNION.—Contracts for Pro¬
visions, Clothing, &c. The Guardians of the Poor of the city of
London Union are ready to receive TENDERS for the SUPPLY of
the following ARTICLES, for six months, from the 25th March next,
viz. :—Meat, tea, grocery, cheesemongery, soap, oilman's and colour¬
man's goods, mealman's goods, flour and potatoes, linen and woollen
drapery, hosiery, haberdashery; and for the supply of the following
articles for 12 months:—Boots and shoes, leather and grindery, brushes,
ironmongery, firewood, printing, stationery, engineers and gas fitters
materials, glass, timber, funerals, and milk. Samples of the articles
(provided by the Guardians) may be seen, and sample books of clothing
materials obtained (on deposit of £1), at the Union offices, 51, St.
Mary-axe, and at the Union Workhouse; and the tenders must be for
a supply of such articles according to such samples and no other. The
tenders to be sent in on or before Monday, the 15th March next, on
printed forms only, which may be obtained at the Union offices, 51, St.
Mary-axe; and the parties tendering are requested to attend on Tues¬
day, the 16th March next, at 3 o'clock precisely, and with their sureties
on Saturday, the 20th March next, to execute the contracts, as no
supplies will be ordered until the contracts are duly executed. The
Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender,
The Guardians will, if they think proper, submit any or all of the
articles of food, or any other article capable of being tested, supplied to
them under the contract, to an analytical chymist for analysis and
report, under the 23d and 24th Vic., c. 84.
JOHN BOWRING, Clerk.
Union offices, 51, St. Mary-axe, E.C., March 2, 1869.
