LOUSE.—Invite me, and I will come. You have
M
the address.
AS. will find a LETTER at the General Post-office,
8s. Martin's-le-Grand, on Tuesday, from Mr. W.
—Much pleased with letter. Am very well. Try
and be in town next month.
B. F. to A. D.—Thanks. Please WRITE and send a
note on Wednesday. Should like to see you Thursday. Hope
ou are better.—Yours,1.
. H. REYNOLDS, late of Newport, Monmouth,
sis earnestly requested to COMMUNICATE, immediately, with
his niece, E. E., 51, Preston-street, Brighton
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand, W. C.
President—Lord OVERSTONE.—The Governors thankfully
ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of a DONATION of TEN GUI¬
NEAS from Miss Flora Goldsmid.—HENRY WOOLCOTT, Sec.
NATIONAL ORTHOPAEDIC HOSPITAL, 234,
Great Portland-street.—The Executive Committee very grate¬
fully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of DONATIONS of £5 5.from
Joseph Welch, Esq., and £5 from W. F. Burnley, Esq., towards meet¬
ing pressing outstanding claims against this Charity.—STANFORD
SMITH, Secretary.
WESTMINSTER HOSPITAL, Broad Sanctuary,
S.W.—President, his Grace the Duse of WESTMINSTER,
K.G.—The Repairs and Improvement Committee beg to ACKNOW¬
LEDGE the following kind CONTRIBUTIONS to the Reparation
Fund:—John Floyer, Esq., M.P., £10; George Shaw, Esq., £52 10s.
Total amount required, £12,000.—P. P. BOUVERIE. Treasurer and
Chairman of Committee.
CRIPPLED BOYS' NATIONAL INDUSTRIAL
HOME, Kensington.—The Committee have the honour to an¬
nounce that H.R.H. Princess LOUISE, Marchioness of LORNE,
will LAY the FOUNDATION STONE of the new buildings in the
grounds of the Home, on Tuesday, June 26th, att 5 p.m. His Grace
the Archbishop of York has kindly promised to officiate, and the Earl
of Shaftesbury, K.G. to preside.
S. H. BIBBY, Hon. Sec.
FALLEN OVERBOARD.—Dover to Ostend.—To
Passengers and others on board the Ostend Mail steamer Louise
Marie, that left Dover on the night of Saturday, the 9th day of June,
1877.—A gentleman took passage on board this steamer on the above
night, and was last seen on paying for his ticket about 12 midnight, and
was then sitting before the deck-hoose by the side of the mainmast,
with a cloak over his knees. He has since been missing, and is sup¬
posed to have fallen overboard. Description:—Height 5 feet 11
inches; hair white, whiskers white ; ruddy complexion. Dress:—dark
trousers and overcoat, hat soft black felt wide-awake, black silk scarf
with jet ring, with initials J. H. B. in gold. Any one who can give any
INFORMATION as to the GENTLEMAN above described, and will
forward the same to the undersigned, shall be amply rewarded.—Dated
this 15th day of June, 1877.—Pyke, Irving, and Pyke, 43, Lincoln's-inn¬
fields, London, W.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £105 6s. New £3 per Cent.
Anuuities, heretofore standing in the name of MARY FLOYD, of
Southampton-row, Russell-squre, Spinster, and which was transferred
to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the Dividends thereon
having remained unclaimed since the 10th October, 1866;—Notice is
hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to
Mary Simmonds, wife of James Simmonds, formerly Mary Floyd
Spinster, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £33 0s. 2d. Consolidated
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of GRAN¬
VILLE HARCOURT VERNON, of Grove, Nottingham, Esquire,
and Reverend AUGUSTUS OTWAY FITZGERALD, of Fled¬
borough, Nottinghamshire, and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed since the 5th January, 1864;—Notice is hereby given that,
on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will
be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to Granville Harcourt
Vernon and Reverend Augustus Otway Fitzgerald, who have claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto.
BUNSUANT to an Order dated the 23rd day of
February 1877 made In the Matter of the Trustee Relief Act And
in the Matter of the Trusts of the Will of Martha Scott" the persons
claiming to be the NEXT of KIN according to the Statutes for the dis¬
tribution of Intestates Estates of WILLIAM SCOTTlate of Thorverton
in the County of Devon Gentleman deceased (Son of the said Martha
Scott (born De Lisle) formerly of Plymouth in the said County of
Devon and afterwards of the Island of Guernsey) living at the time of
the said William Scott's death in the month of September 1837 or to
be the legal personal representatives of such of the said next of Kin as
are now dead or to be the persons beneficially entitled according to
the law of Guernsey to the personal estate of the said William scott
on his death intestate, or to be the legal personal representatives of
such of the said persons as are now dead or to be the heir at law or
coheirs at law of the said William Scott at the time of his death ac¬
cording to the law of England and Guernsey respectively or to be the
respective legal personal representatives of such heir at law or coheirs
at law if now dead are by their solicitors on or before the 11th day of
July 1877,to come in and prove their claims at the Chambers of the
Vice Chancellor Sir Richard Malins at No. 3 Stone Buildings Lincolns
Inn Middlesex. Thursday the 12th day of July 1877 at two of the
clock in the afternoon at the said Chambers is appointed for hearing
an d adjudicating upon the claims
EDWARD SHEARME Chief Clerk.
HINE HAYCOCK a BRIDGMAN 6 College Hill London
Petitioner's Solcitors.
CHARLES CHAMBERS.—Next of Kin.—Pursuant
to a Judgment of the Chancery Division of the High Court of
Justice made in the action, "Anue Chambers's Estate (Cunnington v.
Waterman)," 1876. C. 402, the persons claiming to be the NEXT of
KIN, according to the Statutes for the Distribution of Intestates' Es¬
tates, of CHARLES CHAMBERS, formerly of South Lambeth, in
the parish of St. Mary's, Lambeth, Surrey, but late of Highgate, Mid¬
dlesex (who died the 2d October, 1830), are, by their solicitors, on or
before the 30th day of June, 1877, to come in and prove their claims at
the Chambers of the Vice-Chancellor Sir Richard Malins, No. 3, Stone¬
buildings, Lincoln's-inn, Middlesex, or in default thereof they will be
peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the said Judgment. Mon¬
day, the 9th July, 1877, at Twelve o'clock at noon, at the said Cham¬
bers, is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims.—
Dated this 29th day of May, 18
ALFRED RAWLINSON, Chief Clerk.
The above named Charles Chambers is believed to have been the
son of Joseph Chambers, the elder, of Shadwell, who died in the year
1818, and has wife and his brothers and sisters are believed to have
been named as follows, that is to say:—I. Joseph, of Southwark, who
died in 1815. 2. William, of Shanwell, who died in 1815. 3. James,
of Hertford, who died in 1815. 4. Samuel, of Shadwell, who died in
1806. 5. Matilda, who intermarried with one — Whiting, of Duke¬
street, St. George's-in-the-East.
Joseph Chambers, the elder, is believed to have had three brothers
and one sister, named as follows:—1. Samuel Chambers, a clergyman.
2. James Chambers. 3. Charles Chambers. 4. Matilda, who inter¬
marrnied with one — King.
The said Charles Chambers (the brother of Joseph Chambers, the
elder), who resided at South Kilworth, Leicestershire, had, it is be¬
beved, the following children:—1. Charles Chambers. 2. Joseph
Chambers. 3. Matilda Chambers. 4. Katherine, who married a Mr.

Matilda Chambers (the sister of Joseph Chambers, the elder), twho
is believed to have intermarried with one — King, had, it is believed,
a son, who, with his wife and two daughters, was residing at Leicester
in 1815.
Charles Chambers, the son of Charles Chambers, the brother of
Joseph Chambers, the elder, is believed to have settied at Rugby, and
to have had a numerous family
MISSING, £2,000 CAPITAL ITALIAN FIVE per
CENT. STOCK, equal to Lire Italiane 2,500 Rente, in the fol¬
lowing Bonds:—Two Bonds of Lire Rente, 1,000 each, Nos 67371 and
67373 ; one Bond of Lire Rente, 200, No. 18046 ; three Bonds of Lire
100 Rente each, Nos. 70646, 70647, 70648. Any person giving such IN¬
FORMATION as shall lead to the recovery of these Bonds, or part of
them, shall receive a REWARD of 10 per cent. of the value recovered.
All persons are cautioned against negotiating these Bonus. Apply to
Messrs. Geiger and Dettelbach, Throgmorton-chambers London, E.C.
THREE THOUSAND POUNDS REWARD.—
Whereas on the railway between Calais and Boulogne the follow¬
ing SEOURITIES were STOLEN, on the 1st June, the above reward
will be paid by the owners to any person who shall, within one month
from this date, furnish such INFORMATION as will lead to the con¬
viction of the thieves and restitution of the property, or in proportion
to the amount recovered. Information to be furnished to Messrs. Lewis
and Lewis, 10, Ely-place, Holborn, Solicitors: Inspector Bayley, Detective
Department, Old Jewry; or Superintendent Williamson, Detective
Department, Scotland-yard:—5 10,000 New Funded Four and a Half
per Cent. Bonds of the United States, Francs 3,000 Fronch Three per
Cent. Kentes(£4,000 capital), £20,000 Egyptian Unified Six per Cent. Scrip
French Emission, 103 Obligations of the Northern of France Railway,
four Shares of the Eastern of France Railway, £10,500 Russian Five
per Cent. Bonds of the Loan of 1862, £100,000 Pernvian Five per
Cent. Bonds of the Loan of 1872
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—STOLEN, on the
18th May 1877, from No. 46, Dover-street, Piccadilly, W.,
NINETEEN KNIVES, six silver-handled cheese, one plated butter,
12 plated dessert (ivory handles) 84 silver shell-pattern forks, 72 table,
12 dessert; 104 spoons, 95 silver (18 shell-pattern table, 11 shell-pattern
dessert, two shell-pattern gravy, 18 shell tea, 11 coffee shell heads,
foreign make, four salt, one shell-pattern mustard), nine plated (one
narrow, eight salt); seven ladies, six silver (one shell-pattern soun,
one scroll head sugar, four shell-pattern sauce), one plated shape scroll
head soup; a shell-pattern pepper sifter, a plain soup tureen cover
and bandie, five gadroon meat dishes, four plates, engine turned
borders; a Tenier pattern teapot, a chased coffee-pot, stand and
lamp; four sait cellars, a finted cream ewer, a brandy sauce pan, a
glass pepper castor, silver top; a chased salad bowl, a small waiter.
scroll and shell border, a sauce boat, all silver, a pair grape scissors, a
pair threaded sugar tongs; three round-shaped dish covers, a fish
strainer, a round vegetable dish and cover, two round muflin dishes
and covers, a revolving cover butter cooler, a large round waiter, scroll
border; a hot milk jug, strainer attached, foreign make, a tea kettle
and stand, a fiat fluted cream ewer, four chased salt cellars, a pierced
bread basket; one honey pot, glass lining; one pepper castor, plated
top; two plate holders, one toast rack, one oval coffee tray, two soda
water stands, four scallop shelis, all plated, engraved double G (re¬
versed), and crest—a dem-griffin holding an anchor, or coat of arme,
supported by two griffins, motto Valet anchora virtus; a brown cloth
wrapper overcoat, hined with moleskin fur: a thick gold cable link
collar chain, a gold buckle ; a small round gold medal with glass,
cover, Patriotic Club; a round medal, Sir Richard Strachan's action;
a 1st of June medal, Lord Howe's. The above reward will be paid by
Lord Gardner, 46, Dover-street, Piccadilly, W., to any person giving
such information as shall lead to the apprehension of the thief or
thieves and recovery of the property, or in proportion to the amount
thereof. Information to Superintendent Willamson, Detective De¬
partment, Great Scotland-yard, London.
LOST, between Thursday and Friday last, at Rams¬
gate, a FIVE POUND-NOTE, No. 36176. Payment stopped.
Any one returning same to L. Finney, 144, King-street, Hammer¬
smith, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Tuesday evening, 12th of June (supposed
at the Royal Italian Opera, Covent-garden)a DIAMONL STAR,
five points. Whoever shall take the same to 66, Warwick-square, shall

LOST, on Wednesday, the 13th inst., a SARDONYX
CAMEO BROOCH; design on cameo, a female head, set in
gold, basketwork pattern. Whoever will bring the same to 33, Wim¬
pole-street, shall receive TWO POUNDS REWARD..
LOST, at Ascot Races, a GOLD WATCH, with arms
and crest engraven on back, and inscription on inside case. If
brought to Balley's Hotel, Gloucester-road, Mr. Bailey will give TEN

TO PRINTSELLERS and others.—LOST, TWO
CARTOONS, after Raphael, on cardboard, Charge to Peter and
Leath of Ananias; also five sketches ty Dewins. If fallen into the
hands of the trade they would be gladly repurchased. Information
to be given to Mr. Blackburn, Stationer, 25, Motcomb-street, Bel¬
grave-square.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday
morning, the 15th, between Hertford-street, Mayfair, and Eaton¬
square, a GOLD WATCH, a repeater, maker's name Bennett;
with a Short Gold Chain, and Small Seal attached. Whoever will
the take same to 18, Eaton-square, shall receive the above reward.
LOST, near Hanover-square, on Friday last, a
WHITE POMERANIAN DOG, with pink eyes and pink nose.
A REWARD of ONE POUND will be given. Apply to H., 4, Albany,
Burlington-gardens, W.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—STRAYED, on Sun¬
day, the 3d inst., a SMALL BLACK and GRAY SKYE
TERRIER, wild and timid: answers to the name of Quiz. Whoever
shall take the above to 15, Queen's-gate-terrace, or give satisfactory
information where it may be found alive, shall receive the above re¬
ward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, in the
neighbourhood of Warwick-square, on the evening of the 14th, a
DARK-HAIRED SCOTCH TERRIER DOG. Whoever takes the
same to 56, Warwick-square, Pimlico, shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, a PURSE, with a small sum of money in it.
The owner can have it returned on describing it and its contents
and paying for this advertisement. If not claimed, the money will be
given to a charity. Apply, by letter, to Mrs. P. M., 11, Chester-place,
Regent's-park.
STOPPAGE of TRAFFIC.—Great Portland-street.—
In consequence of the entrance to the above street from Oxford-¬
street being temporarily closed, by order of the Vestry, carriages set¬
ting down and taking up at PETER ROBINSON'S, Oxford-street,
are directed to the Oxford-street entrance.
NOTICE.—Technical Education, especially in its

and SON have the honour to announce that the FIRST ANNUAL
COMPETITION DRAWINGS for PRIZES, value £209, for the best
designs for a Silver Dessert Service, lately competed for by the Stu¬
dents of the Art Schoois in connexion with the Science and Art De¬
partment, at South Kensington, are now arranged for inspection in
the New Archstectural Court, South Kensington Museum.—12, Pall¬

