LOST, on Wednesday night, the 31st inst., an EYE
GLASS, supposed to have been dropped in a cab that took a
tleman to 4, Cavendish-square. Whoever has
aheoid the same and re¬
turns it to the above address shall be well REWARDED.
LOST, in Rotten-row, the morning of the 30th ult.,
amiddle-sized NEWFOUNDLAND BLACK and WHITE
DOG. Whoever will bring it back to 22, Porchester-terrace, Bays¬
water, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Thursday night, the 18th of July, at the
Royal Italian Opera House, a RED BOHEMIAN GLASS
SMELLING BOTTLE, with gold top, and a monogram (J. M.) on it.
Whoever will bring e.
tat to Scarsdale House, Kensington, shall
receive ONE POUND REWARD.
LOST, on the 30th July, 1861, beween Basinghall¬
street and Temple-bar, or from the latter place to King's-cross,
a small BUNDLE of PAPERS, containing a deed, dated the 20th
August, 1855, useless to any one but the owner. The finder shall be
handsomly rewarded. Apply to Mr. Banks, the Ivanhoe Coffeehouse,
No. 23, St. Martin's-le-Grand, London, E.C.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in a letter
from Prague, dated 6th December, 1860, a BANK POST BILL
for £100, dated 3d December, 1860. The above reward will be given
to any person restoring it to Baring Brothers, and Co., 8, Bishopegate¬
street.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at Aldershott
Garrison Races, on Monday, July 22, 1861, a SINGLE CASE
GOLD WATCH, wind-hole in dial. Maker's name J. T. Cremer,
Chelmsford. No 2,171. Apply to Busby and Baxter, 56, High-Street,

GREEN LEATHER POCKET-BOOK LOST, on
27th July, containing memoranda of no use to anyone but the
owner—an entry in red pencil on one of the pages. Any person
restoring the same to Mr. Taylor, printer, High-Street, Bow, shall
receive ONE POUND REWARD.
TO OMNIBUS CONDUCTCRS.—ONE POUND
REWARD.—Left on the top of a blue, 3d., Pimlico omnibus, at
a quarter to 12, on Saturday, July 13, by a clorgyman, who travelled
from St. Clement Danes to the Bank, a small BLACK ECLIPSE
PORTMANTEAU, a good deal worn. The omnibus is believed to be
Birch's. Apply to Mr. W. H. Pettet, bookseller, &c., Pettey Cury,
Cambridge.
MACFARLANE.—LOUISA MACFARLANE,
daughter of Mr. Andrew Macfarlane, and who was married to a
Mr. Erhorn, and is suppeoe et,
tht to California some years
ago, is requested to COMMUNICATE with Alexander Cooper, Esq.,
solicitor, Elgin, Scotland.
NOTICE.—To Estate Agents, House Agents, Auc¬
tioneers, and Surveyors.—Gentlemen who have not yet acknow¬
ledged the circular letter of 24th ult.
mhe the subject of the propesed.
ASSOCIATION, are requested to INTIMATE their INTENTION
with respect to JOINING the same not later than Saturday, the 10th
instant.
SKELETON SKIRTS.—Notice.—Manufacturers,
Retailers, and others are hereby warned not to make or sell any
SKELETON SKIRTS, which are INFRINGEMENTS of LETTERS
PATENT, No. 1,729, dated 22d July, 1856, for the invention of "Im¬
proved means of distending articles of dress and preserving the form
and shape" as proccedings will be taken against all infringers thereof.
WICKENS and BRUTTON, Solicitors for Messrs. Thomson
and Co., 3, Moor-lane, Fore-street, Crinoline Manufac¬
turers.
NOTICE is hereby given that it is the intention of
the Conservators the of River Thames to CONSTRUCT a STEAM
BOAT PIER, or Landing place at Chalk stone Stairs, Millwall, in
the parish of All Saints, Poplar for landing and disembarking steam¬
boat passengers.
By order,
E. BRUSTAL, Sec.
Thames Conservance office, 41, Trinity-square, Tower-hill
PARTHENON CLUB.—Notice is hereby given, that
a GENERAL MEETING of the Members of the Parthenon, Club,
will be heid at the club-house, on Friday, the 16th inst., at 4 o'clock
in the afternoon.By order of the omn
FREDERIC W. HALFORD, Sec.
rthenon Club Committee Room, August 2, 1861.
N.B. The chair will be taksn at 4 p.m. precisely.
PROFESSOR PEPPER ON VENTILATION.—In
consequence of the numerous applications for tickets from gen¬
tlemen and others interested in sanitary measures who were unable to
obtain admission to the LECTURE ON VENTILATION by Professor
PEPPER, at the Hanover-square Rooms, it will shortly be RE¬
PEATED. Illustrations with working models of Cooke's new system
of ventilation will be shown.
ART-UNION of ENGLAND.—Season 1861-2.—
Subscription Half-a-guinea.—Members will be entitled to a
chromo-lithograph of "Stepping Stones," after Fredk. Goodall, A.R.A.,
or "On the Island of Zante," after T. L. Rowbotham. The pictures
selected by prizcholders of the past season are on view from 10 till 5, at
the offices, 13, Regent-street, S.W., where prospectuses may be ob¬
tained on application.
BELL SMITH, Sec.
ROYAL BOTANIC SOCIETY of LONDON,
Regent's-park.—Notice is hereby given, that the ANNIVER¬
SARY MEETING of the Fellows of this Society, to receive the report
of the council and auditors for 1861, and to Elect the Council and
Officers for the ensuing year, will be held on Saturday, the 10th day of
August next, at the Gardens of the Society, Inner Circle, Regent's¬
park. The chair to be taken at 1 o'clock.
August 2, 1861.
J. De C. SOWERBY, en.
ROYAL SURREY GARDENS OPEN daily.—
5 to 6, Military Band—6 to 7, Sax-Horn Band 7 to 8, Performing
Birds, Cats, and Dogs, Logrenia, the Wizard, Daucing Globes and
Barrels—8 to 10, Concert, Songs, Glees, Madrigals, Ballads, and Selec.
tions—Half-past 9, Dancing on the Platform. Band of 32 performers.
Admission 6d. ; no extra charge. N.B. The Grand Picture of Venice
and gardens illuminated every night.
THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY ROOMS, High
Holborn, will RE-OPEN on Saturday, August 10th.
ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS, Regent's-park.
Open daily (Sundays excepted). Admission 1s, on Mondays, 6d.
The band of the Royal Horse Guards will, by permission of Colonel
Baillie, perform in the gardens every Saturday, at 4 o'clock, until fur¬
ther notice. An official guide book is sold in the gardens. Price 6d.
CREMORNE ROYAL GARDENS.—Proprietor,
E. T. SMITH.—THIS EVENING, Monday, August 5th.—
FIRST GRAND OPENING NIGHT, under the new management.—
Mr. E.T. Smith takes the earliest opportunity of returning his most
grateful thanks to his friends and patrons for the generous support he
has received in his capacity as caterer for the amusement of the public
during the last 15 years, having through their kind support and patronage
been enabled to fulfil every pledge he has ever made. Mr. Smith begs
to nunounce that many alterations and improvements are in contem¬
plation, not only in the amusements of the gardens, but also in the
hotel department, where every article will be provided of the very best
quality. Among the improvements may be named, extra detached
private dining and supper rooms, with separate entrances, which will
overlook the gardens and the amusements, and which Mr. Smith anti¬
cipates will be recognized as a means of increased enjoyment. The
dining department will receive especial attention, it being the determi¬
nation of Mr. Smith to prove that there is no necessity for a preference
to be shown for Richmond or Greenwich while a Cremore dinner can
be had at a saving of one-half the time and distance, and in a suburb
of London not to be squalled for natural beauty or artistic
embellishment, indeed it must be remembered that Cremorne,
was a favourite resort of Royalty during the reign of George the III., who,
with Queen Charlotte and the Royal children often sought the elysium of
Chelsea as a welcome retreat from the ceremony and state of a Royal
Palace. In these lovely gardens also, after searching throughout London,
was held the celebrated Bachelors' Fete, renowned for the presence of
nearly all the nobility and gentry of the land. Mr. Smith, in reminding
his patrons of the extent of his property, nearly 16 acres, with espla¬
nade and water approach, cannot refrain from pointing out the vast
improvements which for 10 years past, his predecessor Mr. T. B. Simp¬
son has made in ornamental walks, in sculptured alleys, in fioral
boarders, and in leafy avenues; nor can he omit to allude to his (Mr.
Simpson's last artistic triumph, the beautiful stereorama, erected by
Greive and Telbin, which for originality of conception, depth of colour¬
ing, sigantic dimensions, and correctness of drawing, and far exceeds
anything of the kind that has ever been produced, and which actually
places before the eye of the spectator, in all their natural granden¬
the most remarkable and interesting features in the romantic
country of Switzerland, and embodies all the chief points of
interest occurring on the route into Italy over the Alps, by the cele¬
brated Pass of Mount St. Gothard and the Devil's Bridge. The
amusements in the gardens, which commence at 3, are various, and
will be constantly changed to suit the tastes of patrons of all ranks. At
present three efficient bands are in attendance, playing at intervals
thorough the afternoon and evening. A vocal and instrumental con¬
cert is given in the Chinese Orchestra and renewed in the Theatre, in
which comic and sentimental singers of considerable talent are en¬
gaged. The ballet comprises Mr. Cormack and the Misses Gunniss,
from the Theatre Royal Drury-lane, with a talented corps of Coryphees.
The celebrated Swiss Lady Singers, from St. James's-hall, cccupy the
Marionette Theatre. Cooke's comical Troupe of Dogs and Monkeys
appear in the Octagon Theatre. A talented company of English and
foreign Eqestrians and Acrobats perform in the Cirque Oriental. An
Al Fresco Ball is given on the Crystal Platform. The celebrated
Leotard goes thorough his wonderful and graceful evolutions in the
Ashburnham Pavillion, throwing somersaults with marvellous pre¬
cision, and in his return flight catching the trapeze with Gym¬
nastic talent. Hitherto unrivalled brillant Illumination throughout
the grounds, and a Pyrotechnic Display from the Turkish Pavilion.
The Inauguration Fêete, this day (Monday), August 5, on which occa¬
sion, in addition to the numerous entertainments, the Prince George
Galitzen has kindly consented to preside over a Grand Instrumental
Concert, the performers in which, with a chorus of vecalists under the
direction of Mr. Henry, will exceed 500 performers. The Band of the
Grenadier Guards will also be in attendance under the baton of Mr.
Godfrey. By permission of Colonel Lambert, M. Rivers' celebrated
Quadrille Band will fill the dance. Orchestra and Hawkes' Militar,
Band will perform in the promenades. The general concert will in¬
clude—Overture, Fra Diavolo, the Julia Polka, O Hills o'Vales. B.
the Surrey Choral Society—A Very Bad Valse, The Wedding March,
performed by three bands, and the Band of the Grenadier Guards;
the Russian quadrille, All among the Barley, the Russian Post Galop.
and God save the Queen, performed by the whole of the bands
and full chorus. And, by permission of Mr. Wyld, and under the
direction of Mr. Bartleman, the following ladies and gentlemen
will appear:—Mesdames Valkner, Smithson Rossi, Martyn,
Kerridge, and Brian; Messrs. Parkinson, Rigby, Bartleman, Wallace.
Farrant, Blythe, Templeton, G. Hartley, and Marcus Wilkinson,
On this occasion the illuminations will be increased by 20,000 variegated
lamps, and the pyrotechnic display will be of the most splendid kind.
Luncheons may be had as early as 2 o'clock. Dinners from 3, in
coffee or private rooms and dining rooms, can be reserved for any hour
upon the receipt of a letter addressed to the Hotel Manager. The
supper rooms will open at 9, and the charge for a first-rate supper
(a Cremorne supper) will be only 2s. 6d. The wine, spirt, and liquers,
Mr. Smith pledges himself shall always be of the finest quality, and the
scale of charges will also be his careful study. Apmission to the Gar
dens 1s.; on Sundays, by refreshment card, 6d. Table d'hote at 6.
2s. 6d. Additional acommodation for private parties will be aforded
upon the Esplanade daily for refreshments of every description, and a
private ball room may be secured for wedding or other parties. The
gates will be opened at 2 o'clock precisely.
LEOTARD at CREMORNE.—PRIVATE BOXES
for Leotard's performances, and Special Tickets of admission,
to the Royal Cremorne-gardens, admitting the party to all the varied
attractions, can only be secured at Mr. MITCHELIs, Royal library,
No. 33, Old Bond-street, W.
THE GREAT ENGLISH ROPE WALKER, at the
LOYAL PAVILION GARDENS, North Woolwich.—THIS
DAY (Monday), August 5, Mr. D'ALBERTE will make his TENTH
terrific ASCENT; besides other most incredible feats, he will carry a
man on his back across the Rope. The ascent at half-past 7 precisely.
Admission, including railway there and back, 1s.
ANERLY-GARDENS. —Blondin having almost
made his last ascent at the Crystal Palace, the great focas of
attraction now are those charming and delightful Gardens at Anerly.
The St. Clond of London, successfully revived by A. Hinton. Palace
return tickets are available at the Anerly Station. The band plays everr
Monday, Wednesday, and Saturday evenings, on the platform, from7
till 11. Admissio n .
those hours, 6d. ; at all other times these
beautiful gardens are open free. The
tote ae d t
tern departments are
complete in their arrangements. Reall

well served,
with good wine, od
ten tion, and moderate
ges can alwys be
ensured at Anerly Tavern, which can be verified by more than 100 trade
dinner
charitable festivals, wedding prartie


tet
patr.

cat during the last two
anths.An

Tuesday), August the 6th.
SWIMMING TAUGHT by Professor BECKWITH
in eight easy lessons, no matter what age or how nervous of water.
Completion, one guinea. Lessons any hour of the day. Lambeth
Baths, Westminster-road. The Professor, with his three children, open
for engagement in their celebrated aquatic entertainment. Their ages
are—sons, three and five; daughter, seven.
THE ROYAL YACHT SQUADRON REGATTA.
—The annual meeting of this club takes
coeon the Solent, on
6th, 7th. 8th and 9th e a  es

use WEST and Co.'s PATENT SELF-CO
PENSATING LIQUID
COMPASS.—92 and 93, Fleet-street, E.C.
EVENING PARTIES, in town or country, AT¬
TENED, personally, by Mr. LEWIS NOVRA, with his extensive
collection of mechanical tricks, forming a by

Seance Nouvelle. Address 95, Regent-street, W. N.B. No public

NEW GAMES of a superior quality:—Croquet, 21s.;
Lawn Billards, 21s.; Aunt Sally, 7s. 6d. Summer Ics manu¬
factured by CREMER, Jun., 210, Regent-street, where a saloon is ar¬
ranged for the exclusive sale of games and amusements. N.B. All the
new toys of the season now ready.
WEDDING and BIRTHDAY PRESENTS.—
PHOTOGRAPHIC ALBUMS and PORTRAITS of the
ROYAL FAMILY, the crowned heads of Europe, and distinguished
ages of all nations. Single portraits, 1s. 6d. each. Dressing-cases,
travelling dressing bags, despatch boxes, mediseval mounted envelope
cases, blotting books, and inkstands en suite ; elegancies in gilt, or-mouln,
chin
and bronze ; also a choice variety of novelties. Observe—at
HENRY RODRIGUES, 42, Piccadilly. Catalogues post free.
PISTOLGRAPHISTS' GUIDE, second edition,
post free on receipt of 13 postage stamps addressed to T. Skaife,
pistolgraph depot, 47, Baker-street, W.
