ENA.—Let me know your address.—C.
FLORENCE. —Silence is necessary, but the chain
trong. Remember the prover
GEORGE W., 23, Moat-place, Brixton.—Out of
CHANTRELL, always at the same address
.
099a, H.-st.), wishes to hear from you.
DE. C. is implored to come back. All is right and
straight at his office, and with his friends, and one is distracted
with anxiety to see him.
DIEUDONNE MOUZIN, or his Representatives in
this country, are requested to COMMUNICATE without delay
with Mr. Pollaky, private inquiry office, 13, Paddington-green, W.
ANN MILLGATE, who lived with a lady in
Cadogan-place some years ago, and is now supposed to be living in
Wales, is requested to send her ADDRESS to the same lady, in Cado¬
gan-place, S.W. Isle of Wight papers, please copy.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—Whereas, it having
been brought to the knowledge of J. W. BENSON, of Ludgate¬
hill and Old Bond-street, that watches, purporting to be of his manu¬
facture, but which are in reality spurious and worthless, are frequently
offered in pawn;—Notice is hereby given, that the above reward will
be paid to any pawnbroker to whom such watches may be offered, and
who will take such steps as will insure the apprehension and conviction
of the guilty parties.—J. W. Benson, 58 and 60, Ludgate-hill, E.C., and
No. 25, Old Bond-street, W.
THE NATIONAL HOSPITAL for CONSUMP¬

TION, on the Separate or Cotte
The
General Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the DONATION of
£21 from C. Ambrogio Sperati, Esq.
MATIONAL HOSPITAL for DISEASES of the
HEART.—The Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEPT of £1, from Mrs. John Gray, in Aid of the Funds, now
quite exhausted. Office, 151, Strand, W.C., August 31st, 1871.
LOST, a LADYS GOLD CHAIN (old-fashioned
make), on Tuesday afternoon, 29th August between Whitehall
and Victoria Station, or in going by train from Victoria to Acton, via
Willesden Junction. Handsome REWARD. Address N. F., 13, Lan¬
caster-road, Lower Norwood, S.E.
LOST, on the evening of Aug. 29, near Westminster¬
bridge, a YELLOW LEATHER PURSE, containing some silver
and a cheque, No. T 30,340, drawn on the Union Bank of London, pay¬
ment of which is stopped. Any person taking this to 3, Storey's-gate,
Westminster, shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
GOLD WATCH LOST, on 21st August, on the race¬
course at Margate. Whoever will take it to C. L., at Mr. Kennet's,
No. 23, Berners-street, Oxford-street, shall receive FIVE POUNDS
REWARD. A large, plain, gold watch, with white face.
FOUND, on 29th instant, between the station and
pier at Portsmouth, an OPERA-GLASS. To be had, after paying
advertisement, by applying, with a proper description, to T. S.,71, Fleet¬

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £299 2s. New £3 per Cent¬
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of HENRY LINNELL.
of Paulerspury, Northamptonshire, farmer, and which was transferred
to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends thereon
having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1857; Notice is hereby
given, that on the expiration of three months from this date, the said
Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Henry
Hill, limited admmnistrator of Henry Linnell, deceased, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £35 16s. 2d. New £3 per Cent.
Aunuities, heretofore standing in the names of WILLIAM LUCAS, of
Compton, Hants, gentleman, and BENJAMIN TURNER, of Warbling¬
ton, Hants, gentleman, and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners, in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed since the 5th April 361.—Notice is hereby given that, on
the expiration of three months from this date, the said stock will be
transferred, and the dividends thereon paid to William Lueas and
Benjamin Turner, who have claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP
heretofore subsisting between the undersigned Henry Wallis and
Richard Porson Blake, carrying on business at Bramford, in the county
of Suffolk, as millers and corn, seed, and coal merchants, under the
style or firm of Wallis and Blake, is DISSOLVED as from the 7th day
of June last, by mutual consent, and that all debts due and owing to
the said late firm are to be paid to the said Richard Porson Blake.—
Dated this 22d day of August, 1871.
HENRY WALLIS.
RICHARD PORSON BLAKE.
METROPOLITAN AUDIT DISTRICT.—Parish
of St. Mary, Islington.—I, the undersigned Hugh Lloyd
Roberts, Auditor of the abovenamed District, do hereby give notice
that I have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the PARISH
of ST. MARY, ISLINGTON, for the half-year ended the 25th day of
March, 1871, to commence on Thursday, the 14th day of September,
1871, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Board Room of the said
parish at Upper Holloway, when and where all persons who by law are
bound to account at such audit are required to attend, and to submit
all books, documents, bills, and vouchers, containing or relating to the
accounts or to moneys assessed for and applicable to the relief of the
poor.—Dated the 30th day of August, 1871.
(Signed) H. LLOYD ROBERTS, District Auditor.
BUCKINGHAM and HANWELL TURNPIKE
PROAD (Upper Division).— Notice is hereby given, that by virtue of
an Act of Parliament, entitled "An Act to Continue Certain Turnpike
Acts in Great Britain, to Repeal Certain other Turnpike Acts, and to
make further Provisions Concerning Turnpike Roads, 34th and 35th
Victoria, chapter 115, 1871," the Local Act for the above Trust will
expire on the 1st day of November, 1871; and notice is hereby further
given, that, pursuant to the said Act, all CLAIMS in respect of any
principal moneys or interest, secured upon the revenues of such road,
must be sent, in writing, to the undersigned, the clerk of the said Trust,
on or before the 1st day of November, 1871; and that after the said 1st
day of November, 1871, no claim shall be received for any such principal
moneys or interest, and so much of the mortgage debt of the said
Trust as consists of principal moneys or aterest for which no claim has
been sent in will be extinguished.—Dated this 30th day of August,
1871. GEO. NELSON, Buckingham, Clerk to the Trustees of the
said Turnpike Road.
PENDLETON TURNPIKE TRUST. — Whereas by
virtue of "The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1871,"
the Pendleton Roads Act, 1853, will expire on the first day of November
next:—Now, in compliance with the provisions in this behalf contained
in the nineteenth section of the said first-mentioned Act, the Trustees
for executing the Pendleton Roads Act, 1853, do hereby give notice,
that all CLAIMS in respect of any moneys or interest secured upon the
revenues of the roads specified in the eighth section of the Pendleton
Roads Act, 1853, may be sent, in writing, to Mr. Henry Taylor, the
Clerk to the said Trustees, at No. 8, John Dalton-street, Manchester,
in the county of Lancaster, on or at any time before the first day
of November, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one; and they
further give notice, that in accordance with the provisions of the said
first-mentioned Act after the expiration of the time above specified in
this notice (that is to say the said first day of November, one thousand
eight hundred and seventy-one) no claim will be received for any such
principal moneys or interest, and that so much of the mortgage debt of
the said trust as consists of principal moneys or interest for which no
claim shall have been sent in will, according to the provisions of the said
Act, be extinguished.—Dated this thirty first day of August, one thou¬
sand eight hundred and seventy-one.
HENRY TAYLOR, Clerk to the Trustees for executing the
Pendleton Roads Act, 1853.
BARTON-BRIDGE, Worsley, Astley, and Moses
Gate TURNPIKE TRUST.—Whereas by virtue of "The An¬
nual Turppike Acts Continuance Act, 1871," the Act passed in the sixth
year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled
"An Act for more Effectually Amending, Widening, and Maintaining
the Road from Barton-bridge, in the parish of Eccles, through the Town¬
ship of Worsley, to Moses Gate, in the township of Farnworth, and for
Making, Repairing, and Improving other Roads to Communicate there¬
with, all in the county Palatine of Lancaster," will expire on the 1st
day of November next; now in compliance with the provisions in this
behalf contained in the 19th Section of the said firstmentioned Act, the
trustees for executing the secondly-mentioned Act do hereby give
notice, that all CLAIMS in respect of any moneys or interest secured
upon the revenues of the roads specified in the said secondly-mentioned
Act may be sent, in writing, to Mr. Josiah Eastward Varey, the Clerk
to the said Trustees, at Number 49, King-street, Manchester, in the
county of Lancaster, on or at any time before the first day of November,
one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one; and they further give
notice, that in accordance with the provisions of the said first-men¬
tioned Act, after the expiration of the time above specified in this
notice (that is to say, the said first day of November, one thousand
eight hundred and seventy-one), no claim will be received for any such
principal moneys or interest, and that so much of the mortgage debt of
the said trust as consists of principal moneys or interest, for which no
claim shall have been sent in, will, according to the provisions of the
said Act. be extinguished.—Dated this thirtieth day of August, one
thousand eight hundred and seventy-one.
JOSH. E. VAREY, Clerk to the said Trustees.
CAUTION.—The EVANS AID FUND.—Whereas,
certain parties engaged in collecting subscriptions to a fund, called
The Evans Aid Fund, have applied to many coramercial firms and
others in the city of London, and elsewhere, stating that they are sent
by Mr. Allan, or some other official of the Peninsular and Oriental
Steam Navigation Company;—Those applied to and the public generally
are hereby WARNED against accepting such statements, as neither Mr.
Allan nor any other official of the Company named has authorised such
use to be made of their names.
Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company's offices,
No. 122, Leadenhall-Street, London, E.C., 27th Aug., 1871.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label, used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby.
CAUTION.—CHUBBS LOCKS and SAFES can
be obtained in London only from Chubb and Son, makers to the
Queen and the Bank of England, 57, St. Paul's churchyard, E.C.
CAUTION.—VOIGTLANDERS OPERA and RACE
GLASSES.—The public is cautioned that Mr. CALLAGHAN is
the appointed SOLE AGENT for the above.—23a, New Bond-street,

CAUTION.-WOOD TAPESTRY DECORATIONS
(HOWARD'S PATENT, No. 2,138).—All persons are cautioned
against making or purchasing IMITATIONS.—25, 26, and 27, Berners
street, Oxford-street, and Cleveland Works.
CAUTION.—TOULMIN and GALE beg to give
notice that they have NO AGENTS for the SALE of their
PATENT INDIAN DESPATCH BOXES, Travelling Bags, Dressing
Cases, &c. The same can only be obtained at their manufactory, 85
and 86, Cheapside, and west-end branch, 7, New Bond-street.
CAUTION.—Mr. STREETER (late Hancock and Co.,
Limited), Goldsmith and Diamond Merchant, sole introducer of
18-carat GOLD JEWELLERY, machine made, respectfully informs
the public that his only ADDRESS is 37, Conduit-street, leading from
Bond-street, W., and that at no other address can this universally¬
known jewellery be obtained.
CAUTION.—Edgington (established 1805).—The
original firm of JOHN EDGINGTON and Co., tent and fiag
makers to the Royal Family, contractors to the French Government,
the English and continental and foreign railways, &c., continue to carry
on their business as usual at 48, Long-lane, West Smithfield, 108, Old
Kent-road, and 18, Piccadilly, London.
CAUTION.—Messrs. HANCOCKS and Co.,
Goldsmiths, Jewellers, and Silversmiths to the Queen, the Prince
and Princess of Wales, and the principal Courts of Europe, &c.
regret being compelled to CAUTION the public that their BUSINESS,
established by Mr. C. F. Hancock, is only CARRIED ON at the same
address, Nos. 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—RED HEART RUM.—The public are
CAUTIONED against IMITATIONS of this celebrated SPIRIT.
Owing to its having been found so eminently successful as a preventive
of cholers and diarrhesa, this caution is rendered necessary. Each
bottle of the genuine is labelled and the corks and capsules are
branded-Chief London agent, J. G. TURNEY, 61, King William¬

CAUTION.—A. S. LLOYD'S EUXESIS, for shaving.
—R. HOVENDEN and SONS having purchased under an ad¬
ministration suit the business of the late A. S. Lloyd together with the
receipt, trade mark, and goodwill of his celebrated Euxesis, the public
are cautioned that the orginal and genuine Euxesis bears only the ad¬
dress of the original manufactory, 27, Glasshouse-street, Regent-street,
where it may be obtained as heretofore.
CAUTION.—Messrs. MAPPIN and WEBB now
have no establishment whatever or offices in Cornhill, city. Pur¬
chasers are specially cautioned against spurious goods, and are re¬
quested to observe that all goods manufactured by Mappin and Webb
are stamped "Mappin and Webb" in full ; only such goods are made
by them and the quality guaranteed.—August, 1871.—Mansion-house¬
buildings, Poultry (Messrs. Mappin and Webb's only city address).
CAUTION.—Cholera, Fevers, &c., are frequently
propagated by impure water, which is the state of all water in
cisterns. This tis entirely remedied by using the CISTERN FILTERS
upplied by the LONDON and GENERAL WATER PURIFYING
COMPANY (Limited), requiring no attention (and which in London
can be rented if preferred). Portable filters on the same system, from
£1 5s. For prospectuses, &c., apply to the Secretary, 157, Strand, W. C.,
four doors from Somerset-house.
CAUTION.—Edgington.—BENJAMIN EDGING¬
TON, the marquee, tent, rick cloth, and fiag manufacturer, by
special letters of appointment, to H.M. the Queen and H.R.H. the
Prince of Wales, originally established in Tooley-street, before the
building of the present London-bridge, begs to call attentionto the fact
that he has but one establishment, viz, that at 2, Duke-street, at the
Surrey foot of London-bridge, opposite the entrance to the railway
stations. The establishment at 32, Charing-cross has been closed for
some 10 years, and he has now no west-end establishment. Letters
should be addressed with Christian name in full, Benjamin Edgington,
No. 2, Duke-Street, London-bridge.
REMOVAL. — J. L. PULVERMACHER, sole in¬
ventor and patentes of the galvanic chain-bands, belts, and fiexible
batteries, has REMOVED from No. 200 to 108, Regent-street, (oppo¬
site New Burtington-street), for the sreater convenience of the public.
