to M.—Shall not be in town until Tuesday,
.
19th inst.
DEAR H.—Pray RETURN or WRITE at once,
and let us know your plans, that we may assist you. Do nothing
rashly.—Newbridge, Jan. 9, 186
IF this should MEET the EYE of KATE G., of
Chesterfield-street, she is requested to RETURN HOME or
WRITE immediately, as her mother is very uneasy about her.
NEXT of KIN WANTED, to ANNE SMALL¬
WOOD ENGLAND, spinster, formerly of Haselbury, Somerset¬
shire; of Weymouth, Dorsetshire; of Morton-hall, near Edinburgh;
of Leighton-hall, near Welshpool, Montgomeryshire; and late of Partis
College, Bath. For further particulars apply to Mr. R. N. Howard,
solicitor, Weymouth.
YSTERIONUNSE E YE 
NOIESE EID
EAN
D FANNY
.
SHEA, a young married woman, age 23, tall, fair complexion,
light hair, gray eyes, accompanied by a child, age five years.
Fanny
Shea was lately residing at 14, Mark-lane. Was seen on th
eeen
vember last. Information to
rederick Field (late Chief of th e
arles
Detective Police of the Metropolis), 20, Devereux-court, Temple, Pri¬
Inquiry-offic

NORTH KENT LINE.—ONE POUND RE¬
WARD.—LOST, a GOLD PENCIL, supposed to have been
opped, at the London-bridge Railway, on the evening of the 11th
inst. Apply to the porter, 122, Leadenhall-street.
MEATHER BAG LEFT, in a Hornsey omnibus,
about half-past 1 o'clock, on Sunday last. Whoever has found it
ay keen the money in it if he will return the bag, keys, &c., to
No. 40, Woburn-place, Russell-square.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
ast, in or near St. Michael's Church, Chester-square, a PORTE¬
MONNAIE, containing a pencilcase and some memorandums (no
money). If found, to be brought to 19, Chester-square.
BRIGHTON RAILWAY.—THREE POUNDS
REWARD.—LEFT, under the seat of a first class car
sea Station, on the 7th inst., a WRITING-CASE, marked "Pem¬
berton," containing papers of no value unless to the owner.—26, Alfred¬
place west, West Brompton, S.W.
ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD.—LOST, on Tues¬
day evening, December 29, from 2, St. Mary's-terrace, Padding¬
ton, a WHITE MALTESE TERRIER BITCH, with brown ears.
Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Potter, chymist, 26, Park-place¬
terrace, Paddington, shall receive the above reward. No further
reward will be offered.—Jan. 11, 1864.
STRAYED, to 11, William-street, Camden-road, on
the 6th inst., a DARK SLATE-COLOURED SCOTCH TER¬
RIER, no lower front teeth. If not applied for within a week, the dog
will be SOLD to defray expenses.
FOUND, a large BROWN CURLY DOG. If not
owned in six days will be SOLD. Apply at 34, Walbrook.
FOUND a small BLACK and TAN TERRIER, a
few days before Christmas. The owner can have the same by
applying to W. Taylor, 60, Tothill-street, Westminster.
FOLLOWED a gentleman, from Southwark-road,
a LIVER and WHITE SPANIEL. If not claimed on or before
the 19th inst., will be SOLD to defray expenses. Apply at the Police
Station, Seething-lane, city, E.C.—Jan. 11, 1864.
LOTICE.—Unless the undermentioned GOODS,
WAREHOUSED at CANDLER's warehouses on the several dates
and in the names affixed below are CLEARED, and the charges paid,
within 14 days from the date of this advertisement, they will be SOLD by
public auction, to pay charges:—Seven casks of blacking in bottles,
J.
Cochran, 3d January, 1862; 20 sacks of beans and sundry bags,
&c., J. G. Schwartz, 24th June, 1861; four casks Vulcan cement, R. D.

, 27.

kles.

tet beer, Joseph

29th March.
862. —Candler's warehouses, Billiter-street, January 14
186
ANK o ENGLEA
D. U nclaimed Stock.—A,
plication having been made to the
vernors of the Bank of
Englandt
direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners


National Debt of the sum of £1,0.
onsolidated Thre
Ce.
n.
heretofore standing in the name of JAMES
tpeeatoy
POUNR ER TS SU IS
of Bis
ahe in, gentleman, dece
hich
and

se in consequen


dends thereon having remained.
coc aimed since the 5th July, 181.
Notice is hereb e,
te that, on the expiration of
three months from
this date, the said Stock will be tr.

the divi en ets thereo.
ae  to Stephen Newton Turn.
ale l, e dministrator, who has claimed
the s.

ta other claimant shall sooner appear and ma


BANK of
NGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—
ppli¬
mad

cation havin
to the Governors of the Bank of
th n gland to direct

oners for the Re¬
tino ion of the

Ne n o ldat
Thr.
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of JOHN
EASTON, of Taunton, land surveyor, and JAMES SOUT

West Moncton, baker, bot

ahtst t ansferred to

Ba s  ommissiond
in conseque
te ea the dividends thereon


ae nenond uinclaimed since the 5t
January, 1853;—Notice is
hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,

ster

and the Dividends thereon paid, to
James Easton and Richard Easton, e
itors of John Easton e
ceased,
was the survivor, who e e eve
celaimned the same, une
s some
other claimant shall soon

tt h e

a e out
eto.
FRAUDULENT TRADE MARKS
ACAUT
N.
—Having receive
information that c e e a n e¬
pled persons
in the United Kingdom have been, and are, shippir
galvanized iron
or galvaniae e e
on of inferior quality, bearing our names and
trade marks, and in fraudule.
mitation of the goods manufact 
by us, to the serious injur o oe



rotect ourselves and the public, all

nufacture
romand after this date, will be marked.

Tupper.
and Company, manufacturers,
A 

TES,





e different quailties of our goods, viz., —Best
Best T. C. Crown, Best Cross Daggers, and G in circle; and notice is
fur
Ne e nenee tehat all persons manufacturing, selling, or shipping,
ggged in anywise in the e

laisnne
or g
aen ize e nin
aoe e
arks or brands, in fraudulent imita¬

ared by us, will be prosecuted.
to oods manon

PANY, 61 A, Moorgate-street,

E. C., 30th Dec., 1863.
LOGY
AP
PUBLEIC
er h ereas an injunction has
been obtain e a e
Bass and Co

rey.

igned, EDWARD EDWARDS
COLLEY, late of No. 234, Upper Thames-street,
ondon, publican,
to m  using on
disposing of any of certain spurious or other labe
similar
designe t
bh only colourably differing from, Messrs. Bass

nereas Messrs. Bass and Co. have,
onn
appeal to them, consented to stay further proceedings
ponmye
ahe n nini weh ich e

to e e e of fenece, a.
to 
teth
public APOLOSY."
liberty.
Joe g essrs. Ba s. Co.

Tn ondon an d lo ane
th ee may select. Dated
Ba e
deece
186



itness, J. T. Coo.
To the Right Hon. the LORD MA
OR, ALDERMEN, and COMEOSE.
COUNCIL of the CITY Of LONDON
My  and
ta enen

o offer myself as a Ca i
ate for the vacant
office of City Remembrancer.
I was calledsto the Bar by the Hon. Society of the Inner Temple in
1851; in that and the succeeding year, 1852, I took an active part in
procuring the Act 15 and 16 Victoria, c. 51, for the Enfranchisement of
Copyholds, and, at the request of a Committee of the Law Amendment
Society, drew up their report in favour of the measure, which subse¬

During the years 1856, 1857, and 1858, I was Lecturer on Conveyancing
to the Law Society, and in 1860 published a Trea
e e L aw re¬
lating to Family Settlements. From the date of my call to the Bar to
th
teent time I have practised as
a e Counsel and Conve
cer.
I have also acted as Deputy for the County Court Judge of Lincoln¬

Being myself by birth a citizen of your ancient city, I have always
staken great interest in the preservation of its rights and privileges, and
been induced to study ite laws and customs; and, in the event of my
being elected I trust, by assiduous attention to, and faithful discharge
of the duties of the important office I solicit, to prove worthy of the
confidence reposed in me. I am. my Lord and Gentlemen,
Your obedient servant.
JAMES PEARSE PEACHEY.
No. 3, New-square, Lincoln's-inn.
To the Right Houourable the LORD MAYOR, the ALDERMEN
and COMMON COUNCILMEN of the CITY of LONDON.
My Lord and Gentlemen,
FROM the questions put to me by some of the
members of the Court of Common Council, it would appear that,
in my former address, I failed to show with sufficient clearness the ex¬
tent to which I had, in the practice of my profession, made myself
acquainted with the various matters likely to arise is connexion with
the duties of the office of Remembrancer.
I may therefore, perhaps, be permitted to call to your attention the
fact that I prepared the original drafts of almost all the Acts of Par¬
liament which, during many years past, have been introduced into Par¬
liament on behalf of the Corporation, and perused the titles on the
occasion of almost every purchase made by the Corporation for up¬
wards of 20 years; and, in addition to matters advised upon by myself
personally, on behalf of the Corporation, I assisted my late father in
getting up and discussing with him the legal points necessary to enable
him to advise on the various subjects which, during that period, were
referred to him by your law officers as the conveyancing counsel always
consulted by them.
Owing to the shortness of the interval between my address and the
date fixed for the election, and to my profess
nal ene en e ements, l e 
I may be unable to carry out my intention of calling upon every
member of the Court of Common Council personally. Should that be
the case, I trust that those gentlemen whom I may fail to see will
kindly bear in mind the great difficulty of meeting with se many gentle¬
men in the very limited period; while to those whom I have had the
pleasure of seeing I beg to tender my sincere thanks for the uniform
urbanity and kindness with which I have been received.
I have the honour to be, my Lord and Gentlemen,
Yourvery obedient sery,
SAMUEL J. WILDE.
No. 10, Serjeant's-inn, Temple, January 12, 1864.
LOAN TRUSTS, under the Management of the
Clothworkers Company.—The Company have in hand MONEY,
to be LENT to their Freemen, in sums not above £150 without interest,
or £300 with interest at £3 per cent. per annum, to any one person,
for a period not exceeding three years, the borrower entering into a
bond to the Company, with two or three sureties, for repayment at the
end of the first year if required. Applications to be addressed to
ROBERT BECKWITH TOWSE, Clerk.
Clothworkers'-hall, Mincing-lane, London, E.C., Jan., 1864.
AUDI, VIDE, TACE.—Private Inquiries in Eng.
land and Abroad.—Evidence for Divorce Court.—City firms and
others are waited upon personally by Mr. POLLAKY (late of George¬
street, Mansion-house), or, if more agreeable, may consult with him at
No. 13, Paddington-gre

OPERA, Race, and Tourists' GLASSES in alu¬
minium, one-third the weight of brass, of high power and perfect
definition. Tourists' and deer-stalking telescopes of the same mate.
rial, and of the very best make.—SMITH, BECK, and BECK, No. 31,
Cornhill, E.C. (late 6, Coleman-street).
OPERA and FIELD GLASSES (ALUMINIUM),
by NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA, possessing great power and
matchless definition, for opera, tourists, and rifle practice. One-fourth
the weight of the ordinary glasses. Price six guineas, the largest made
ten guineas.—1, Hatton-garden; 59, Cornhill; 122, Regent-street; and
No. 153, Fleet-street.
OPERA, Race Field, and Rifle BINOCULARS
d RIFLE TELESCOPES.—W. and J. BURROW recom¬
mend their MALVERN FIELD GLASSES at 3 and 6 guineas, and
their new Riffe Telescopes at 2 and 3 guineas, as being the best glasses
of the kind that can be purchased.—W. and J. Burrow, Malvern; Lon¬
don agents, B. Arnold, 72, Baker-street; Wales and McCulloch, 56,
Cheapside, and 39, Ludgate-street, E.C.
PERA, Race, and Tourists' GLASSES, in great
C
Briety. The Messrs. SOLOM  ,
O ATN  S.
FIN
VENTED TINTED
ECTACLES are patronized.
th e i o o i e
the nobility, including Viscount Palmerston.  h.
give extraordinary

efective vision. The adaptation of s
tacles.

peperfeet visi
by experiene e e e
ste indeed, of vital import¬
One of the firm, wh .
ance
thad ga re ete exe e
anononen¬
Sae oo,
attends to this branch only.—39, Albemarle-stree
icadilly.
Trr.
DEATHS.
On the 11th inst., Francis Gunnis, of No. 30, Phillimore-gardens,
Kensington, and Milk-street, city, Esq., in the 73d year of his age.
Friends will kindly accept this intimation.
On the 11th inst., at Maryland Point, Stratford, Essex, John Geikie,
Esq., formerly of Dalkeith, Edinburgh, in his 75th year.
On the 11th inst., at his residence, 25, St. Mary's-road, Canonbury,
in the 60th year of his age, George Bartholomew, Esq., of 14, Pave¬
ment, Finsbury.
On the 11th inst., Mary, the beloved wife of Mr. Joseph Moore, jun.,
of No. 9, Grove-road, Brixton.
On the 11th inst., at 26, Harrington-square Marion Mand Mary, the
beloved infant daughter of Charles Champ, Esq., aged 11 months.
On the 11th inst., at his residence, Cranfield, Newport Pagnell, Bed¬
fordshire, Joseph Charles Reilly, Esq., late of Oxford-street, London,
gunmaker, aged 79.
On the 11th inst., at Clevedon, Somerset, Frederick Whally, Esq.,
formerly Secretary to the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, aged 83.
On the 12th inst., Elizabeth, the beloved wife of Wiliam Brook, Esq.
of Grove-lane, Camberwell, and Great Tower-street, city, in her 62d
year.
On the 12th inst., at 20, Ulster-place, Regent's-park, Charlotte Catha¬
rine, widow of the late George Brace, Esq., of 25, Cavendish-square,
in her 60th year.
On the 12th inst., Elizabeth, wife of Charles George Grainger, Esq.,
of 20, Alexander-square, Brompton, and 108, Fenchurch-Street.
On the 12th inst., at Chelsea, Constance Sarah, eldest child of Charles
Martin, Esq., aged 11 years.
On the 12th inst., at his residence, High-Street, Poplar, John Carter,
Esq., aged 83. Friends will please accept this intimation.
On the 17th inst., at Coldharbour-lane, Camberwell, Mary, the be¬
lyed wife of Richard Williams, aced 63.
