HE. L. to W.—H. J. Cessez vos importunites?
Vous-êtes trompe dans toute l'affaire. Insistez pour voir les
parties en face, et an grand-jour Le chemin de fer n'es
uun plege.
Croyez a la verité.—July 21, 1860, 9, Catherine-court, E.C.
IF this should REACH the EYE of the YOUNG
PERSON, age 20, tall and fair—had on a barege dress (gray),
black silg scarf, and white bonnet, who left Cremorne-gardens, on the
19th, between 1 and 2 in the morning, with a man of sallow complexion,
with a deal of hair about his face, if she would return to her distressed
parent she will be forgiven.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—Whereas EUGENE
VINCENT, a native of Geneva, who lately arrived from St.
Petersburg, has mysteriously DISAPPEARED from the metropolis;
notice is hereby given, that the said Eugene Vincent is about 16 years
of age, 5 feet in height, light hair, irregular teeth (which slightly inter¬
feres with his spesch), fair eyes and complexion—speaks French, Rus¬
sian, and German languages. Was last seen on 2d of July inst.
Any person giving information which shall lead to the whereabouts of
the said Eugene Vincent shall receive the above reward on applying at
the Private Inquiry-office, 20, Devereux-court, Temple—Director,
Charles Frederick Field, late Chief Inspeator of the Detective Police
of the metropolis (foreign department).
LOST, a DOUBLE EYE-GLASS, gold rims.
Supposed to  been dropped between Portand-place and
Woburn-place, on Sunday afternoon. Any person bringing it to

LOST, on Sunday evening last, between the hours of
8 and 9, a FLAT JET BRACELET, by a lady walking through
St. Paul's churchyard, Ludgate-bill, Farringdon-street, Holborn-hill,
Smithfield, and Little Britain. Whoever will bring the same to A. H.
Payne, at Messrs. Huxley's, 13, Whitechapel-road, shall receive FIVE

LOST, in the vicinity of Cannon-street and King
William-street, city, FIVE TEN-POUND BANK of ENGLAND
NOTES, Nos. G with X under, 93,910, 93,941, 93,942. 93,913, dated 224
Mry, 1860, and H with C under, 16.449, dated 231 May, 1860. The
finder shall receive FIVE POUNDS REWARD on bringing the above
to the Agra and United Service Bank (Limited), 27, Cannon-street,
city. Payment of the notes is stopped.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a single¬
stone DIAMOND RING, in the neighbourhood of Pall-mall.
The above reward will be paid by restoring the above to Wm. Burchett,
No. 69, Cheapside.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in Hamilton¬
terrace, on the evening of Thursday last, a FAWN-COLOURED
SCOTCH TERRIER, with black face : answers to the name of
"Dowsky." The above reward will be paid to any person bringing the

FIGHT POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at the
Volunteer Sham Fight at Camden-park, a GOLD open-faced
WATCH, with gold dial: maker, Stmonds, No. 2.999. Whoever shall
bring the above watch to Messrs. McCabe and Co., 32, Cornhill, shall
receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, July 1, 1860,
an ordinary GOLD RING, with a blood st ne in centre, crest—
griffin, "F. E. R." initials, date of birth and death, with place for hair.
Whoever will bring the same to the Private Inquiry-office, 20. Deve¬
reux-court, shall receive the above reward.—C. F. Field, Director, late
Chief Inspector of the Detective Police of the metrepolis.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, from Russell¬
place, Fitzroy-square, on Saturday, June 30, a LIGHT FAWN¬
COLOUR BITCH. Has a short mane down the back, cropped tail,
and a fox's head and ears: answers to the name of "Bitten." Who¬
ever has found the same and will take her to Warren's library,
No. 18, London-street, Fitzroy-square, or 4, Cheyne-walk, shall receive
the above reward.
THREE POUNDS REWARD. —LEFT in a CAB,
at Euston-square Station, or lost from it between Kensington
Palace-gardens and there on Thursday afternoon, the 19th inst, be¬
tween 2 and 3 o'clock, a BLACK LEATHER BAG, addressed "John
Leech, Esq., Staleybridge, Slockport," and marked "I. L,"outside, in
white letters, containing sundry articles. Any person restoring it to
No. 20, Kensington Palace-gardens, or No. 9, Moorgate-street, city,
shall receive the above reward.
LEFT in a CAB, near Holborn-bars, on Thursday
last, a PARCEL, containing an unsigned deed, of no use to the
finder. ONE POUND REWARD will be given for its restoration.
Apply at the porter's lodge, Gray's-inn-square.
STRAYED, from the Coburg Hotel, Charles-street,
Grosvenor-square, on Sunday morning last, a small rough TER¬
RIER: answers to the name of "Topsey." Any ons bringing it to
the above address shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. No
further reward will be offered.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
JOHN MITCHELL, of Newfoundland.—Take notice, that a
CITATION has ISSUED under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Pro¬
bate, bearing date the 18th day of July, 1860, at the instance of Henry
Surman, the lawful husband and administrator of the personal estate
and effects of Eleanor Surman, deceased, formerly Eleanor Mitchell.
widow, whilst living the lawful widow and relict and sole executrix
named in the will with a cedicil thereto, and a legatee named in the
said codicil to the said will of Thomas Mitchell, late of Fisherton
Anger, in the county of Wilts, gentleman, deceased (who died on the
12th day of September, 1847, at Fisherton Anger aforesaid), command¬
ing you as the natural and lawful and only child, and the sole person
entitled to the personal estate and effects of William Mitchell, de¬
ceased, a brother, and one of the residuary legatees named in the said
will an d codicil, within 30 days after such service of such citation to
cause an appearance to be entered for you in the Principal Registry of
the Court of Probate, and to accept or refuse letters of administration
with the said will and codicil annexed of all and singular the personal
estate and effects of the said Thomas Mitchell, deceased, left unad¬
ministered by the said Eleanor Surman, deceased, formerly Mitchell.
widow, or show cause why the same should not be granted to the said
Henry Surman, with an intimation that, in default of your appearing
and accepting and extracting such letters of administration (with the
said will and codicil annexed), the Judge of the said Court, or the Re¬
gistrars of the Principal Registry thereof, will proceed to grant the
said letters of administration to the said Henry Surman, your absence
notwithstanding
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
JENNINGS and SON, Proetors, Doctors'-commons.
GENERAL ELECTION, 1859.—Poll Books.—All
publishers of POLL BOOKS of county and borough contests in
England at the general election in 1859 are requested to SEND forth¬
with to the undersigned a COPY by book post, and the price will be
returned by first post.
CHARLES E. LEWIS.
No. 6. Old Jewry, E.C.
MADAME TUSSAUD's HISTORICAL GAL¬
ANA LERY, at the Bazaar, Baker-street.—Continuation of early
English Kings from the Conqueror. Stephen, grandson of the Conqueror,
in the quaint costume of the period 1135. Recently added—Henry I.,
William II., William the Conqueror, and Matilda, studied from old Eng¬
lish manuscripts. Admittance 1s., extra room, 6d. Open from 11 till 10.
MADAME CAPLIN's ANATOMICAL and PHY¬
SIOLOGICAL GALLERY (for ladies only) OPEN daily at
No. 58, Berners-street, Oxford-street, W.
COOKES' ROYAL NATIONAL CIRCUS, Pro¬
prietors, Messrs. WM. H. and WM. COOKE, jun., will visit
94th, Brighton; 25th, Eastbourne : 26th, Gardiner-street; 27th,
Hastings; 28th, do.; 30th, Battle; 31st, Tenterden; Aug. 1, Ashford;
2d, Hythe: 3d, Sandgate.
ROYAL ALHAMBRA PALACE, Leicester-square.
Lessee Mr.E. T. SMITH.—THIS EVENING (Tuesday), July 24.—
In consequence of the immense success of the ARABIC FESTIVAL,
given last night under the immediate patronage of His Excellency the
Moorish Ambassador and suite, the tribe of Arabs of the Desert will
repeat the same miraculous perfermance every evening. Also the mar¬
vellous gymnasts, the brothers Berri, the wonders of the world, and the
most talented company of equestrians, clowns, &c., in Europe. Doors
open at half-past 7, commence at 8. Morning exhibition on Wednesday
and Saturday, at 2. Reduced prices:—Gallery, 6d. ; pit, 1s.; boxes, 2s.;
reserved seats. 2s. 6d.; stalls, 3s.; private boxes, 10s. 6d. and one
guinea. Box-office open from 10 till 4. Excursion parties and schools
treated with on application to Mr. Van Hare, Managing Director.
ZOOLOGICAL-GARDENS, Regent's-park. —Satur¬
day Hall-holyday.—The ADMISSION to the Gardens on Saturday
will be REDUCED to 6d. each person during the months of August,
September, and October.
THE ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS, in the Regent's¬
park, are OPEN DALLY, except on Sunday. Admission 1s., on
Monday, 8d. Among the latest additions are a rare Lizard (Regenia
ocellata), from Africa, and a yellow footed Rock Kangaroo. The hand
of the First Life Guards, by permission of Col. Parker, will perform
every Saturday, at 4 o'clock, until farther notice. An Official Guide
Book is sold in the Gardens, 6d.
ROYAL SURREY GARDENS.—Sims Reeves.—
GREAT POPULAR FESTIVAL, Thursday, August 2d.—Mr.
Sims Reeves and Madame Sainton-Dolby's farewell appearance this
season, at the great Surrey Concerts and Fetes. Every piece performed
at this festival will be the most popular of the day. Full particulars
and programme in Thursday's paper.
ROYAL PAVILION GARDENS, North Wool¬
wich. Eight hours varied amusements. Admission, including
railway there and back, 1s. No extra charges. The whole of the enter¬
tainments free. N.B. The Proprietors' Benefit Fete on Wednesday,

ROYAL CREMORNE GARDENS.—GRAND
FETE, in aid of the Fishmongers and Poulterers' Asylum,
THIS DAY (Tuesday), the 24th instant. Extra attractions,
private ball room, Grand Display of Fireworks. Tickets may be had
of any respectable fishmonger or poulterer in London. Admission 1s.
ROYAL CREMORNE GARDENS, 1s.—THIS
DAY (Tuesday), the 24th of July, a GRAND GALA
and special FETE in aid of the Poulterers' and Fishmongers'
Asylum, on which occasion the Ashburnham Pavilion will be beauti¬
fully decorated, and will be made avallable for a private assembly room.
Thursday, the last Juvenile Fete and Balloon Race will take place,
when the whole of the pleasing features which have rendered these
galas so highly successful will be repeated. The Prize Balloons will be
complimentary to the Suburban Volunteers, and will be drawn for at
6 o'clock, each child present being entitled to the chance of a balloon,
Daily, the muric of the Aerephon—the talented Deleplerre Children
—the interesting Indian Dwarf—Poletti, the Roman Illusionist—Stella,
the laughter-exciting Ballet-great Equestrian Performances, includ¬
eesesemessaase
cert—Al fresco Bal—Lustrous Illuminations—Splendid Pyrotechnic
displays. Table d'hote supper at 9, 2s. 6d. Monday, 30th, Grand Scottish
Fete in celebration of the return of Lord Clyde. Tuesday, the 31st,
the Sir Paul Pinder Fete. Wednesday, August 8, the fete of the season,
Mr. T. B. Simpson's Benefit, when that great work of art, the Stereo¬
.

HIGHBURY BARN.—THIS DAY (Tuesday),
July 24, the NEWSVENDORS DINNER and BALL. The
gardens and leviathan platform are open to the public. Admission,
before 7 o'clock, free; after 7 o'clock, 6d.
EXHIBITION of CHROMO-LITHOGRAPHS,
at Messrs. ROWNEY and Co.'s Fine Art Gallery, 52, Rathbone¬
place. The collection comprises specimens of this beautiful art, after
Turner, Stanfield, Roberts, Cattermole, Mulready, Hunt, Richardson,
Copley Fielding, Prout, and many other eminent artists. Open daily,
from 11 to 7 o'clock. Admission free on signing visitors book.
SXHIBITION of CHROMOTYPES and
CHOICEST ENGRAVINGS, including all ever published, at
nominal prices.—Gentlemen furnishing their walls may select from the
largest gallery in the world, a collection of 10,000 Landseer, Turner,
&c., at unheard of reductions. Frames at wholesale prices. Shippers
supplied. An Illustrated Guide to Fine Art Furnishing for two stamps.
—PAUL JERRARD and SON, Fine Art Gallery, 170, Fleet-street, E.C.
ILLUMINATED by Owen Jones and Henry Warren¬
PARADISE and the PERI, from the "Lallah Rookh" of
Thomas Moore. The work will consist of 54 royal 4to pages,
with illustrations and illumination in colours and gold, from
designs by Owen Jones and Henry Warren. The well-known
familiarity of these gentlemen with Oriental art will afford a
sufficient indication of the nature of the work. No expense
or care will be wanting in its production in the establishment of
Day and Son, and they have every confidence that they will be able to
produce the most elegant gift-book for the ensuing season which has
yet resulted from the art of chromo-lithography. Price bound in
cloth, £2 2s.; in morocco, £2 12s. 6d. Subscribers' names received by
Day and Son, lithographers to the Queen, 6, Gate-street, Lincoln's

MARTIN's THREE wonderful PICTURES.—

Le

Heaven. The proprietor of these glorious and sublime works, which
have secured for Martin a lasting and unrivalled fame, and must ever

this great artist may not be tarnished by the sale of worn-out and
inferior copies, has determined on destroying the steel engravings, and,
ss.

possessing a copy. That pleasure in no seanty measure may be derived


stock of proofs and coloured impressions (artistically coloured in close
sensenneenesem¬
principle, and may now be had on application to Mr. James Plimpton,
eneree

reduced prices: The beautifully coloured copies (set of three), at
£4 4s., originally published at 25 gs. ; the remaining prints (set of

tion, the very few stamped India proofs, originally published at 20 gs.,
may be had at 10gs. the set. All the proofs and coloured copies bear
the protective stamp. It is also intended once more to exhibit these
seperb works of art in the principal towns and cities in the kingdom,
of which due notice will be given.
FINE ART UNION.—Second Year's Subscription,
1860-61.—Unparalleled Fine Art Distribution.—Subscribers of
one guinea will receive five chefs d'ouvre of Sir David Wilkie, engraved
in line by the celebrated John Burnet and Abraham Rainbach at a
cost of many thousand pounds. The proofs were originally published
at 40 guineas. Limited to 5,000 subscribers. The set will be found, when
the list is closed, to be worth treble the guinea paid. Detailed pro¬
spectus on application to PAUL JERRARD and SON, Fine Art
Gallery, 170, Fleet-street, E.C., where the set is on view.
