MR. A. G.—"Oui." Bien ferme. W. devoué.—A. F.
M.
M. A.—BWU will MEET you at H. any day.
ate
Write to H..,s three days befo e.
IF this should MEET the EYE of W. E. A. ; n on or
before his arrival in Italy he is requested to WRITE.—Pegleg.
JJ. H...G, who left Bristol on or about
the 13th of August, is earnestly requested to WRITE his
uncle full PARTICULARS of what he left in the office, &
PERCY.—I am glad you were able to leave D. so
soon after your telegram to me. Be advised, and settle all quietly
with Mrs. R. immediat .
F the GENTLEMAN, from Cheapside, who called
on Friday, September 11, about 6 o'clock, close to Holloway-road.
respecting apartments for himself, brother, and friend (a native of
Cornwall), would CALL AGAIN, they may be accommodated.
THE Rev. C. F. D. PRIDDLE, of Sydney.—If this
centleman be in England he will much oblige by SENDING his
ADDRESS to Mr. Charles H. Eyans, 73, Crockherbtown, Cardiff.—
Cardiff, Sept. 17, 1863.
ROYAL FREE HOSPITAL, Gray's-inn-road.—
The WEEKLY BOARD gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RE¬
CEIPT of 50 sovereigns, sent by "A Gentleman on Recovering from
Illness.
STANFORD S. SMITH, Sec.
Board Room, Sept. 17, 1863.
MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARED, since Wed¬
nesday, the 9th inst., a GENTLEMAN, about 30 years of
age, 5 feet 9 inches high, pale complexion, blue eyes, straight black
hair, long thin black whiskers, dressed in black frock coat, vest, and
trousers, black ailk necktie, turn-down collar, diamond ring on right
hand, signet ring with bloodstone on left, gold watch with gold face,
and gold curb chain. Was last seen in the Haymarket, about 12 on
the night of the 9th, in company with a tall female, habited in dark
dress, black and white plaid shawl, white fall with black spots. In¬
formation to Charles Frederick Field, late chief inspector of metro¬
politan detective police, Private Inquiry-office, 20, Devereux-court,
Temple.— September 16, 1863.
ONE THOUSAND POUNDS REWARD.—
Where
has been granted for the apprehension of
SIGMUND DITRICHSTEIN, late of the Jamaica Coffechouse and of
Worthing, who has ABSCONDED, having by means of a frand
obtained in London, on the 29th August last, the undermentioned
Bank Notes, viz.
Two of £500 Nos. 92597 and 92598, dated 16th February, 1863.
Six of £200, Nos. 85128 to 85132, and 84954, dated 4th July, 1862.
32 of £100, Nos. 42635 to 42654, and 42685 to 42696, dated 19th May, 1863.
39 of £50, Nos. 88309 to 88347, dated 20th April, 1863.
51 of £20, Nos. 22451 to 22800, and 19109 dated 21st July, 1863.
The said Sigmund Ditrichstein is a Hungarian, about 33 years of
age, 5ft. 7 or 8 in, high, with dark hair, gray eyes of peculiar appearance.
small head, thin face, sallow complexion, slight moustache, siall
whiskers, very small bands, and very small narrow feet. He is accus¬
tomed when speaking to shrug up his shoulders continually. He was
last seen in London during the afternoon of 29th August. He is
married, and may be travelling with his wife and child, a boy about
three years old. Mrs. Ditrichstein is an Austrian, and about 26 years
of age. Whoever will within six months from this date give such
information as shall lead to the apprehension of the said Sigmund
Ditrichstein shall receive £200 reward; and whoever shall within the
same time give such information as shall lead to the recovery of
the said Bank notes shall receive a reward of £800, or a proportionate
part thereof, according to the amount recovered. Information to be
given to Messrs. R. and S. Muliens, solicitors, 7, Poultry. London,
E.C.; or to Inspector Hamilton, Detective Police-office, 26, Old Jewry,
London, E.C.—London, 15th September, 1863.
LOST, on Wednesday last, between Cambridee¬
street and the Marble Arch, an ancient GOLD ROMAN
BUCKLE. ONE POUND REWARD will be given on its being
brought to 5, Cambridge-street.
LOST, at the Crystal Palace, on Thursday, the 17th
inst., supposed near the Sydenham entrance, a GREEN MO¬
ROCCO PURSE, containing £4 10s. in gold and a lady's season ticket.

the same to the Secretary's office, Crystal Palace,

STOLEN, on the night of the 16th inst., the follow¬
ing BILLS of EXCHANGE:—
£600, drawn by Charles Biggs, at six months from the 25th April last,
upon, and accepted by, George Kirk, payable at Coutts and Co.'s, and
falling due 28th October next.
£155, drawn by Charles Biggs, at three months from 11th July last,
upon, and accepted by, Henry Larchin, payable at Robarts, Lubbock,
and Co.'s, due 14th October next.
£140 0s. 11d., drawn by T. E. McDonald, at two months from 5th
August last, upon, and accepted by, Luckie, Brothers, payable at the

The public are hereby cautioned against negotiating or in any way

OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—In the matter of
the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53,—Notice is hereby
given that, on the application of PETER SQUIRE, of 277, Oxford¬
street, in the county of Middlesex, operative chymist, the Registrar of
the Office of Land Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar
months from the dato hereof to REGISTER with an indefeasible title,
all those HEREDITAMENTS called or known as "The Manor or
Lordship of Basmey, otherwise Basmead," in the county of Bedford,
and "The Basmead Estate," in the parish of Eaton Socon, in the
same county, and which said hereditaments known as the Basmead
Estate, contain by admeasurement 396a. 3r. 7p. or thereabout, and con¬
sist of a capital messuage, farm, lands, and tenements, called Bassmead
Manor-house and Farm, in the occupation of William Orton Aikin,
land in the occupation of Ann Becsley, and several woods and coppices
with a lodge and garden, in the occupation of the said Peter Squire.
and which hereditaments are delineated on the map, No. 50, deposited
by the applicant in the Office of Land Registry as part of the description.
of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with
the mines and minerals under the same hereditaments. If any person
objects to, or desires to show cause against such registration, or claims
that the same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or
that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, no
alrendy proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on
the register with reference to such hereditaments, such person may be
heard at the office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any
time before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the
date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or
otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause against, or to make
such claim in respect of such registration. But any person desiring to
make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating
the particulirs thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the
Office of Land Registry before the expiration of the said three calen¬
dar months from the date hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from
making the same. The said map of the said hereditaments deposited
in the Office of Land Registry may be inspected at the said office at
any time before the expiration of the said three calendar months from
the date hereof. — Dated this 19th day of September, 1863.
LO. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clork.
FLADGATE, CLARKE, and FINCH, Solicitors to the Applicant,
40, Craven-street, Strand, London.
CAUTION.—MAIZENA.—Tho immense success
of this article has brought unprincipled persons into the market
with imitations copying from The Times, &c., the notices given the
Maizens. There is but one true Maizena, and this received, of all
competing articles, the only Prize Medal of the Exhibition, 1862, and
was also reported by the jury exceedingly excellent for food. Every
genuine packet has our name thereon. Circulators of the frandulent
wi
be presecuted, the name Maisena being protected by law.—
TOMLIN, RENDELL, and Co., sole consignees for the United

PECIAL NOTICE. —The FOREIGN VINE¬
YARD ASSOCIATION (Limited). Joint-Stock
roer e
sistered in 1854.—Tho Directors find it necessary to CAUTION their
friends and the public that the only offices in London of the above Com¬
pany are at 190, Regent-street, W., and that the Association has nocon¬
nexion with any company or establishment trading under titles closely
resembling the above. All communications to be addressed to W. H.
PALMER, Manager of the Foreign Vineyard Association, 190, Re¬
gent-street, W.
GRIMBLE and Co.—Notice.—An advertisement
having appeared in the Morning Advertiser newspaper, of the
8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, and 12th days of September instant, stating that
Mr. Thomas Herbert Edmands, describing himself as the late acting
partner of the above firm of Grimble and Co., had ceased all connexion
with the said firm, and that at an early date he would wait on the trade
for orders, as negotiations were then waiting completion prior to his
joining another firm, and also in reference to certain circular letters
issued by William Hay and the said Thomas Herbert Edmands:
the public are respectfully informed that his Honour the Master of
the Rolls has directed an INJUNCTION to be awarded and issued out
of th e e  o u rt of Chae
against the said WILLIAM HAY and
THOMAS HERBERT EDMANDS, restraining them or either of
them, or by any other persons or person by their order from collecting
or receiving any book debte or book debt or other debts or debtor sums
or sum of money whatsoever, due or owing to or in respect of the trade
or business lately or at any time carried on by them or either of them, at
the distillery or premises, in Albany-street, Regent's-park, in the
county of Middlesex, under the name or firm of Grimble and Co., and
also restraining the said Thomas Herbert Edmands from carrying on
or being concerned either directly or indirectly in any distillery or busi¬
ness of the same kind as that at the date of the agreement of the 27th
day of July, 1863, being the agreement for sale and purchase of the said
distillery carried on by them the said William Hay and Thomas Her¬

The public will therefore take notice that all outstand¬
ing debts are to be paid to the present firm. —Dated this 12th day of
September, 1863.
WALTER and MOOJEN, Applicant's Solicitors,
Southampton-street, Bloomsbury.
ROYAL DUBLIN SOCIETY.—Exhibition of Irish
Manufactures and of English and Foreign Machinery, 1864.—
Notice to Machinists.—The Royal Dublin Society having determined
to hold, upon their premises in Dublin, in the summer of 1864, to com¬
mence in May and to continue open for three or six months, as it may be
found desirable, an EXHIBITION of exclusively IRISH MANU¬
FACTURES and of ENGLISH and FOREIGN MACHINERY
suited to manufactures, desire to inform machinists and others that
they have made extensive arrangements for the efficient and proper
display of machinery, at rest and in motion.
As it is intended to set aside a considerable portion of the space at
their disposal for the Exhibition, especially of machinery suited to
woollen and linen fabries, machinists and others interested are invited
to make early application for space, forms for which are now ready for
distribution. All applications to be addressed to
JOHN A. WALKER,
Honorary Secretary Managing
Committee, Roval Dublin Society, D
SCIENCE and ART DEPARTMENT of the COM¬
MITTEE of COUNCIL on EDUCATION, South Kensington.—
The ANNUAL EXAMINATIONS for SCIENCE CERTIFICATES
for TEACHERS will take place in London, Dublin, and Edinburgh, in
November. A table of the days and hours appointed for each subject,
and the places of examination, will be sent on application, by letter, to
the Secretary, Science and Art Department, South Kensington, Lon¬
don, W. All applications for examination must be made before the

By order of the Lords of the Committee of Council on Education.
August, 1863.
THE METROPOLITAN SCHOOLS of ART,
at 43, Queen-square, Bloomabury, for FEMALE CLASSES only;
Spitalfields, Crispin-street; Finsbury, William-street; St. Thomas's,
Charterhouse, Goswell-Street; Rotherhithe, Grammar School, Dept¬
ford-road; St. Martin's, Castle-street, Long-acre; Lambeth, St.
Oswald's-place; Hampstead, Dispensary Building; Christchurch, St.
George's-in-the-East; and St. Mary's, Hide-place Vincent-square
Wastminster, will RE-OPEN on Thursday 1st October. The New
Training Schoois, at South Kensington, will be Opened on the 5th
October. For information respecting fees, &c., apply at each school;
or to the Secretary, South Kensington Museum.
By order of the Lords of the Committee of
Council on Educatio.
PARIS PERMANENT UNIVERSAL EXHIBI¬
TION.—The construction of the building specially designed for
this Exhibition is already far advanced, and is rapidlyp

tending exhibitors are reminded that SPACE will be ALLOTTED ac¬
cording to priosity of application. Forms of agreement and full in¬
formation may be obtained, and a recently printed list of those who
have engaged space may be inspected, at the offices of Messrs. J.
Studdy, Leigh, and Co., agents for Great Britain, Ireland, and the
Coloniet, 27, Leadenhall-Street, London, E.C
of Mr. Ferrar, sub-egent, 454, Strand, London, W.C.Offices
SA.
STION.—The Lord BUR Y T.
LLESCO
can
C
only be had of J. H. STEWARD, who is the sole maker, and his
appointe
aegents. This fine instrument has beenke
to distin¬
guish casily shot marks on a target at 1; mile; and as a general tele¬
tieierstalking it is unequalled.
oe or


£3 10s. Lists, with testimonials and notices of the pre¬
post free, on

an¬
ARCHITECTURAL UNION COMPANY (Li¬
mited).—The EXHIBITION of BUILDING INVENTIONS,
Materials, &c., at the Galleries, 9, Conduit-street, Regent-street, is now
OPEN daily, from 11 till 4, free.
SELECT SURSCRIPTION BILLIARD CLUB,
at the Bayswater Athenaum, Westbourne-grove. Gentlemen
desiring to become subscribers should immediately have their names
entered on the list. Annual subscription one
Dhi nea. To members of
the Athenaeum half-a-guinea. Two full-sized tables.
PHOTOGRAPHY—Noblemen and gentlemen
having collections, are informed that Mr. DAVIS, 35. Bruton-¬
street, Berkeley-square, has every facility for COPYING WORKS of
ART. Mr. Davis restores and copies faded daguerreotypes, enlarges
cartes de visite, and paints them in oil or water. Oil paintings or large
photographs reduced to album size.—35, Bruton-street, Berkeley-sq.
TEN CARTES de VISITE for 2s. 6d.—Forward your
carte de visite and 32 stamps to the London Photographic Copying
Company, 56, Great Russell-street, W. C., opposite the Museum, and you
will receive, free, 10 full-length, exact copies, executed with care and de¬
suatch, and equal in every respect to the original, which will be returped
uninjured. Daguerreotypes, glass portraits, and works of art of every
description reproduced as cartes de visite. Royal portraits, as specimens,
forwarded for three stamps. —L. PHILLIPS, Managing Partner.
TWO fine PAINTINGS, by F. HOWARD, R.A.,
to be SOLD, a bargain. Apply to Mr. J. Beer, 30, Alpha-road,
St. John's wood.
