LEXANDER wishes A. to COMMUNICATE
A
with him at once. He may do so safely
NET is in very great distress about money matters.
Will his friend lend him some early next week? Jet is ashamed
to ask this, but the case is urgent.—March 16.
NONYMOUS.—BANK NOTES for £150, in
payment of a debt of honour, have been RECEIVED, with
thanks. —Kensington, W. March 15, 1865.
LOST, a LADY's PEARL PENDANT BROOCH,
at the London Tavern, on Tuesday night,
Folkard, of 160, Blackfriars-road, is willing to give TWO GUINEAS
upon its RESTORATION.
LOST, on Wednesday night, in Fenchurch-street, a
BLACK and TAN TERRIER, with collar on of leather and brass.
Anyone returning him to 98, Guilford-street, Russell-square, shall be
liberally REWARDED.
LOST, a small BUNCH of KEYS, between Alfred¬
place and Store-street. Any person brin

inster Club, Albemarle-street, shall receive FIVE SHILLINGS RE¬
WARD.
LOST, on Thursday afternoon, between Kensingto
an Brompton, a BUNCH of KEYS. FIVE
SHILLINGS REWARD will be given on its being restored to the
porter, at the Oxford and Cambridge University Club, Pall-mall.
LOST, on Wednesday, at 11,25 p.m., between
Hanover-street, W., and Cariton-gardens, perhaps in the Hansom
conveying a lady and gentleman, a PLAIN GOLD RING, coral stone
in centre, pearl on either side. Whoever br.

terrace, Knightsbridge, shall be suitably REWARDED.
LOST, on the 13th inst., a WHITE CURLY¬
COATED NEWFOUNDLAND BITCH, with black mark on
right side, black each side of her head, and white in the co
tore there
is a sore upon one of the teats. Answers to the name of F
An
one taking her to Mr. Mundey's livery stables, Holland-street, Clapham-¬
road, will be REWARDED for their trouble.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednesday
evening, the 15th March, a GOLD HUNTING WATOH, with¬
gold Albert chain, drop keys, &c.; makers names "Fletcher and
Sons," No. 15,729. Anyone bringing the same to Messrs. Fletcher and
Sons, 148, Leadenhall-Street, shall receive the above reward.
TO BANKERS, Bill Discounters, and others.—
LOST or STOLEN, a FIRST BILL of EXCHANGE for £700,
drawn by the Egyptian Commercial and Trading Company at Alex¬
andria, at three months' date, on their London Board, in favour, of
Franghidi, Brothers, endorsed by them to Charalampi Balli, and by
him to Papayanni, Brothers, but not endorsed by the last named firm;
accepted by the Egyptian Commercial and Trading Company of Lon¬
don, payable at Glyn, Mills, and Co.'s, due 1-4, May, 1865. Payment of
the bill is stopped. Communications may be made to the Egyptian
omercial and Tradingo
pany, London; or Messrs. Papayanni,
Brothers, Fenwick-street, Liver.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—
Whereas, two persons are now awaiting their trial at the Central
Criminal Court, charged with stealing from inside the werehouse of
Charles Candy and Co., Nos. 4, 5, and 6, Watling-street, city, within
the last 12 months, a large quantity of silk (pieces and remnants) and
foreign shawls; notice is hereby given, that a reward of £100 will be
paid by Mr. Charles Candy to any person giving direct information
that shall lead to the apprehension and conviction of any other person
or persons concerned with those in custody in stealing and removing
such silks and shawls from the warehouse of C. Candy and Co., as
above. Information to be given to Inspector Hamilton, City Police
Detective office, Old Jewry, E.C.—London, 14th March, 1865.
FOUND, on March 11th, at the Crystal Palace, a
PURSE. The owner can recover it by describing its contents and
paying this advertisement, by applying at Mr. Batten's library,
Clapham-common.
WILL WANTED.—Admiral  EDWARD
W.
RICHARD WILLIAMS, deceased.—Any person who has pre¬
pared or has the custody of the WILL of the above deceased, who died
at Leamington, the 23d February, 1865, is requested to give immediate
INFORMATION to Mr. Willoughby Rackhan, 46, Lincoln's-inn¬
fields, London.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £37 8s. 8d. Consolidated Three
erCent. Annuities, heretofore standing

to O CHARLES
ALFRED THISELTON and WILLIAM GRAY, both of York,
gentlemen, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in
consequence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since
the 5th January, 1855; Notice is hereby given, that, on the expira¬
tion of three months from this date, the said Stock will be Trans¬
ferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to the said Charles Alfred
Thiselton and William Gray, who have claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
TO GEORGE ANDREWS.—Take Notice, that by
an order made at Chambers by the Right Honourable the Master
of the Rolis in the undermentioned cause, on the 7th day of March,
1865, it is ordered that service of the SUMMONS issued in this cause
on the 6th day of March 1865, and which is returnable on the 21st day
of March, 1865, at half-past 11 of the clock in the forenoon, at the
chambers of the Master of the Rolls, in the Rolls-yard, Chancery-lane,
Middlesex, by leaving a copy of such summons, together with a copy of
the now stating order, at your last residence, in East Peckham, in the
county of Kent, be deemed good service upon you; and further take
notice, that such summons and the said order were, on the 9th day of
March, 1865, served pursuant to the said order of the 7th day of March,
1865. —Dated this 11th day of March, 1865.

FRANCIS KEARSEY, 32. Bucklersbury, London,
Plaintiff's' Solicitor.
Copy of
Te Summon above referred to.
te ancery""Between Thomas
terhous.
a n n another
plaintiffs, and Joseph Cheesman and others, defendants."—Let all
parties concerned at
tae  at my chambers, Rolls-yard, Chancery-lane
tin ed
ex, on Tuesday, the 21st day of March, 1865, at
half-past 11 of the clock in the forenoon, on the hearing of an applica¬
tion on the part of the plaintifis, that the accounts directed to be taken
by the order made on the motion for decree in

aring date
the 12th day of January, 186
noludingt
eine t e ts of and conse¬
quent upon this application, may be continued, and that th
me fixed
be e th e e e.
tes c er tie.
dated the 4th  e e e

defendants, Sydne e e
eand Thomas Fuller Walker, to redeem the
mortgaged hereditaments in the
ao did e e mentioned
may be cnlarged
until 14

Chief Clerk of the Judge shall have made his
certificate in pursuance of the order to be made hereon, and that the
time fixed by the said order, dated the 12th day of January, 1864, for the
defendants, Joseph Cheesman and Sarah, his wife, Robert George
Stevenson, Mary Andrews, Jane Andrews, James Andrews, John
Nicholas Andrews, Robert Andrews, Richard Towner, and Charlotte,
his wife, Thomas Ranger Andrews, George Andrews, Edward Andrews,
George Stidolph, and Elizabeth, his wife, William Cheesman, George
Cheesman, John Stevenson Cheesman, Sarah Cheesman, James
Benjamin Stamp, and Charlotte, his wife, and Charles George Rutt,
to redeem the said mortgaged hereditaments, may be enlarged until
three calendar months after the date of the chief clerk's certificate, to
be made in pursuance of this order, with all proper directions, in case
the said mortgaged hereditaments shall be redeemed

Mendants, Sydney Alleyne and Thomas Fuller Walker. —Dated this
6th day of Marc 1,
JOHN ROMILLY, Master of the Rolls.
This summons was taken out by Francis Kearsey, of No. 32, Bucklers¬
bury in the city of London, solicitor for the applicants.
1. To the Defendants.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 180.—Noc¬
torum Estate, Woodchurch, Chester.—In the matter of the Act
of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53.—Notice is hereby given, that on
the application of WILLIAM VAUDREY, of Noctorum, in the
parish of Woodchurch, in the county of Chester, Esq., the Registrar of
the Office of Land Registry intends, at the expiration of three calen¬
dar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefea¬
sible TITLE all those HEREDITAMENTS called or known as the
Noctorum Estate, in the township of Noctorum, in the parish of
Woodchurch, in the county of Chester, containing 302a. 0r. 39p.,
or thereabout, in the tenure or occupation of Richard Jackson,
and which hereditaments are delineated on the man No. 180,
deposited by the applicant in the Office of Land Registry as
part of the description of the same, and therein edged with red,
together with the mines and minerals under the same here¬
ditaments. If any person objects to, or desires to show cause against
such registration, or claims that the same should be subject to any con¬
ditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance,
charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before the Regis¬
trar, should be entered on the Register, with reference to such here¬
ditaments, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No. 34. Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the
said three calendar months from the date hereof, personally or by his
solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection
or to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect of such re¬
gistration. But any person desiring to make such objection or claim
mnust lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and
with his name and address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry be¬
fore the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof otherwise he will be excluded from making the same.
The said map of the said hereditaments deposited in the Office of
Land Registry may be inspected at the said office at any time before
the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof.
—Dated this 18th day of March, 1865.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
WILLIAM VAUDREY. Applicant (in person).
AMANSION, costing not less than £50,000, SAVED
from destruction by the use of the HYDROPULT. "Swakeleys,
Uxbridge, Middlesex, March 5, 1865. Mr. Charles Pomeroy Button,
hydropult warehouse, 142 and 143, Cheapside, London. Sir.—I have
great pleasure in recommending your Hydropult, for I fully believe it
was the means of saving my house from being burnt down, during a
private theatrical entertainment given on the night of the 23d ult. The
fire broke out from some unexplained cause, and, from the height of
the fiames, no water could be thrown up to it with buckets. Your
Hydropult beeame therefore ivaluable, and was applied so effectually
that in a quarter of an hour the fire was extinguished. Yours (signed),
Thomas T. Clarke.
THE LATE FIRE at SAVILLE-HOUSE.—The
waiters and servants from Mrs. Smith's Royal Wine Shades, beg
respectfully to inform the gentry and public in general, that a Com¬
mittee sit daily to receive SUBSCRIPTIONS in their behalf, at the
Falcon Inn. Princes-street, Leicester-square.
FIRE-PROOFING for THEATRES, &c. —Philhar¬
monic-hall, Islington.—Proprietors, Messrs. Turnham and Adams.
—Prevention of Fire and Saving of Life.—A LECTURE, illustrated
by the Inventor will be delivered by Mr. DAWSON, on the FIRE¬
PROOFING THEATRES, Houses, &c., and their contents (every ma¬
terial rendered uninflammable), at the above hall, THIS DAY, March
18, commencing at 2 o'clock precisely. Private boxes 10s. 6d., stalls 5s.,
balcony and area 2s. 6d. Application to Silvester and Wilson, 137, St.
John-Street-road, E.C., for tickets and information, or at the above
hall.
WILL be OPENED NEXT MONDAY the 20th
inst.
NEW BUSINESS in the TEA TRADE.—The DUTY¬
PAID TEA WAREHOUSE, Shoemaker-row, Ludgate-street, E.C.
(100 yards from St. Paul's churchyard).
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—T. MeLEAN, Pub¬
lisher and Printseller, late of 26, Haymarket, has REMOVED
to his new and extensive premises, No. 7, Haymarket, next the Hay¬

TO PRINTERS.—V. and J. FIGGINS beg to in¬
form their friends that their FOUNDRY is REMOVED from
West-street to Ray-street, Farringdon-road, E.C
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in aduition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz.:—472, Oxford-street,
W. C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
PRIVATE INQUIRY-OFFICE, 20, Devereux¬
court, Temple (established 1852), under the direction of CHARLES
FREDERICK FIELD, late Chief of the Metropolitan Detective
Police. Inquiries made for noblemen, gentlemen solicitors, railway
and insurance companies. Agents in New York, Quebec, Montreal.
THE "HOWE" SEWING MACHINE, Prize Medal,

unequalled for the stitch.
THE "FLORENCE"' SEWING MACHING,
matchless, sews four different stitche.
HE NEW "ELLIPTIC" SEWING MACHINE,
swift, efficient, elegant, an established favourite.
LAMERICAN and ENGLISH SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY, 457, New Oxford-street.
NEWING MACHINES for 35s. These machines will
perform all kinds of work, embroidery, &c., with the strictest
precision; can be taught in 10 minutes, and are so simple and perfect
in construction that a child can work them without injuring the
mechanism.—At W. LEUCHARS, toy warehouse, 3. Cheapside, E.C.
A F. THOMAS and Co.'s PATENT SEWING
MACHINES.—Prize Medal 1832.—These machines, made by
the original patentees and introducers of the invention, stand foremost
and unrivalled for all practical purposes. They are guaranteed to per¬
form their work efficiently with exceeding rapidity, regularity, and
durability, and give no trouble. The stitching (alike on both sides of the
material) is without cord or ridge, and the thread cannot be pulled out.
—66, Newgate-street, and Regent-circus, Oxford street.
TO DRAPERS.—Messrs. Honey and Humphrys
are instructed to offer for SALE by Tonder the STOCK in
TRADE of the estate of Mr. F. Andrews, of 49 and 50, Western-road,
Brighton, amounting at the cost or stock-book prices to £2,472 10s. 5d.,
and which will be sold at a discount therefrom in one lot. Payment
cash, orcredit at two months with approved bill. The stock consists of
general drapery goods, ribands, gloves, hosiery, &c., and may be viewed
on the premises, at Brighton, up to Wednesday, March 22, on which
day, at 12 o'clock precisely the tenders will be opened at the offices of
Messrs. Honey and Humphrys, 14, Ironmonger-lane, E.C., of whom
or of Messrs. Mason, Sturt, and Mason, 7, Gresham-street, E.C., further
information may be obtained. N.B. The Leasehold Premises are for
Sale, in which the buyer of the stock will have a preference.
NOTICE.—SPIRITPOWER INSTITUTE.—The
APPLICATIONS for MEMBERSHIP are now receivable at the
office of the Institute. 15, Basinghall-street. E.C.
