L., Norwich.—I am in town. Pray WRITE.
L. E. H.—Returned all right. Have received all

ILLETT.—I have been twice disappointed.
Pray WRITE. Another letter awaits you, directed as the
first, explaining
LONDON.—Thursday, the 10th of September, at

or not.
BALPH H. HALE.—Your uncle Ralph is dead,

with us at once.—CHARLES F. HALE.
PERCY.—I had your telegram from Dover, with
L

ONE WHO SIMPLY DOES AS HE WOULD
BE DONE BY.—The WRITER of a LETTER, subscribed as
above, dated March 5, will confer a great favour by SENDING an
ADDRESS, where a letter would reach him, to the person interested,
the matter having become very serious. He may roly on the strictost
honour being observed i th e  e e
nication.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—THOMAS

ship Albermarle, in the month of March, 1852, is earnestly requested
senesssememesessatomhan

said T. J. Coe certain moneys which he holds in trust under the will of
the late J. B. Angell, of Lewisham. The said Thomas Hatch hereby
offers twenty pounds reward to any person who shall, within 12
calendar months from the 17th August, 1863, give such information as
will enable him to communicate with the said T. J. Coe, if living, or,
if dead, to any one producing vouchers that will legally prove the same.
LOST, TWO MONTREAL HARBOUR DEBEN¬
TURE BONDS of £200 each, Nos. K 12 and 13. Whoever will
bring the same to Charles Barker and Sons, 8, Birchin-lane, shall be

LOST, by a lady on Monday afternoon, the 3d of
August, a CAMEO BROOCH, head of a woman, set in twisted
gold border. Any person having found the same is requested to take
it to the Junior United Service Club. Charles-street, St. James's, when

TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday
evening, the 23th ult., between Bath-road. Peckham, and the
North Kent Station, New Cross-road, a PEBBLE BRACELET, set in
silver. Whoever brings it to 8, Egerton-road, Greenwich, shall receive

TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at London¬

ay afternoon, the 27th August, a SIL¬
VER GENEVA HUNTING WATCH, No. 5,559. Whoever has
found the same and will bring it to Messrs. Brockbank and Atkins,

BILL LOST, £2,600 (Notice to Bankers), drawn
by Messrs. Moses and Co., Hongkong, on, and accepted by,
Messrs. S. D. Sassoon and Co., London, dated Hongkong, June, 1863,
specially endorsed to the Agent of the Central Bank of Western India,
—London,
to whom apply, at 22. Old Broad-street, E.C.
Aug. 14, 1863.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in or near
Bond-street, Tuesday, September 1, a BLACK and TAN KING
CHARLES' SPANIEL BITCH; answers to the name of "Dot."
Whoever will bring the same to 17, Grosvenor-square, shall receive the
above reward.
REWARD.—On Monday, 31st August, LEFT in a
Hansom, which took up a gentleman, in Charles-street, St.
James's, called at Army and Navy Club, and set him down at Brixton,
a SILK UMBRELLA, with silver suake, round handle, and initials
on silver band. Whoever will bring the above to 9, Charles-street, St.

FOUND, on the 14th August, in the neighbourhood
of the Regent's-park, a WHITE and TAN TERRIER. The
owner can have it by applying to Thes. Wood, 12, King-Street, Camden¬
town. If not claimed in a week from this date (September 1) the dog

RE JOHN JARRETT, deceased.—Pursuant to the
Act of Parliament, 22d and 23 Vic., cap. 35, intituled "An Act
to further Amend the Law of Property and to Relieve Trustees," al
ersons claiming to be CREDITORS or NEXT of KIN of JOHN
JARRETT, late of Sundrish, otherwise Sundridge, in the country of
Kent, shoemaker, deceased (who died on or about the 26th day of April,
1861, partially intestate, and probate of whose will, with two codicils
thereto, was, on or about the 10th day of May, 1861, granted by Her
Majesty's Court of Probate, the Principal Registry, to Edmund Dye,
of Sundridge aforesaid, farmer, and Charles Stamford, of St. John's¬
hill, Sevenoaks, in the said county of Kent, post office keeper, the
executors thereof), are required to send in the particulars of their debts
or claims to the said executors, at the office of their solicitor, Mr.
George Frederick Carnell, situate at Sevenoaks aforesaid, on or be¬
fore the 16th day of November next; or, in default thereof, the
said executors will proceed to distribute the assets of the said in¬
testate according to law, having regard to the claims of which they
shall then have notice ; and will not be liable for the assets, or any
part thereof so distributed, to any person or persons of whose debt or
claim they shall not then have had notice.—Dated this 15th day of
August, 1863.
GEORGE F. CARNELL, Solicitor to the Executors.
CAUTION.—HARRY EMANUEL, goldsmith and
jeweller, of 70 and 71, Brook-street, Hanover-square, understand¬
ing that some person or persons aro improperly making use of his name
and soliciting business, without his authority, cautions the public
against them. He also begs to state that he is not in any way, nor ever

the same name.
CAUTION.—Spurious Sewing Machines.—W. F.
THOMAS and Co. hereby caution the public against making,
selling, or using SEWING MACHINES constructed according to their
patterns, and in direct-infringement of their letters patent, and they
give notice that they will institute legal proceedings against all persons
so infringing; and, further, that no licence by any other patentee can
authorize the use of machines which infringe their patent rights.—
No. 65, Newgate-street, and 1, Regent-circus, Oxford-street.
NOTICE.—FOREIGN VINEYARD ASSOCIA¬
TION (Limited).—I hereby give notice, that I have this day
RESIGNED the HANAGEMENT of the above COMPANY, discon¬
necting myself entirely therefrom, except being for the present a
holder of 450 shares. Letters (business or private) to be addressed to
my new residence and offices, 203, Regent-street, corner of Conduit¬
street.
THOMAS W. STAPLETON.
August 1, 1863.
PECIAL NOTICE.—The FOREIGN VINE¬
YARD ASSOCIATION (Limited). Joint-Stock Company re¬
gistered in 1854.—The Directors find it necessary to CAUTION their
friends and the public that the only offices in London of the above Com¬
pany are at 196, Regent-street, W., and that the Association has no con¬
nexion with any company or establishment trading under titles closely
resembling the above. All communications to be addressed to W. H.
PALMER, Manager of the Foreign Vineyard Association, 190, Re¬
gent-street, W.
IMPORTANT NOTICE.—Caution.—It being
known to us that several unprincipled persons are going about the
country offering a spurious and worthless imitation of our SOAP, and
soliciting orders upon the representation that they come from our
house, we hereby inform the public generally that, with the exception
of several reputable wholesale London firms, and local resident agents
in various parts of the kingdom (who hold authority direct from us), we
are represented only by our commercial travellers, Mr. James Baxter
and Mr. Henry Loader, and caution our customers and the public
against the gross and impudent frand now being practised. —July, 1863.
H. J. BRAHAM and Co., sole inventors and manufacturers of
the Excelsior White Soft Soup. 85, Hatton-garden, E.C.
THE METROPOLITAN SCHOOLS of ART,
at 43, Queen-square, Bloomsbury, for FEMALE CLASSES only:
Spitalfields, Crispin-street; Finsbury, William-street; St. Thomas's
Charterhouse, Goswell-street; Rotherhithe, Grammar School, Dent¬
ford-road: St. Martin's, Castle-street, Long-acre: Lambeth, St.
Oswald's-place; Hampstead, Dispensary Building: Christchurch, St.
George's-in-the-East: and St. Mary's, Hide-place, Vincent-square.
Westminster, will RE-OPEN on Thursday, 1st October. The New
Training Schools, at South Kensington, will be opened on the 5th
October. For information respecting foos, &c.,
ply at each School.
or to the Secretary, South Kensington Museum, W
By order of the Lords of the Committee of Council
on Education.
POLLAKY's MOTTO, "Audi, Vide, Tace."
Confidential inquiries instituted in England and abroad with
speed and secresy.—Private Inquiry Office, 14, George-street, Mansion-¬

OPERA and FIELD GLASSES. — NEGRETTI
and ZAMBRA warrant their glasses as unrivalled for brillancy,
power, and definition up to 10 miles range, 21s. and 42s. complete, in
case.—1., Hatton-garden; 59, Cornhill; 122, Regent-street; and
Crystal Palace, Sydenham. Illustrated list per post.
OPERA, Race, and Field GLASSES, in every
variety of form and mounting matchless for great magnifying
ower and sharpness of definition. Prices from 30s, each, at CALLA¬
GHAN's, 23A, New Bond-street, W., corner of Conduit-street. N.B.
Sole agent for the celebrated race and field glasses made by Voigtian¬
der, Vienna. Field glasses made expressly for India, warranted to
withstand the greatest tropical heat. The new aluminium mounted
glasses (as made for H.R.H. the Prince of Wales), though of the
largest size, weigh but a few ounces.
NEW OPERA and FIELD GLASS, also the 9s. 6d.
10 mile reconnoitrer, or 25 mile landscape glass. "I think the
recouncitrer very good." Marquis of Carmarthen. "I never before
met an article that so completely answered the recommendation of its
maker."—F. H. Fawkes, Esq., Farnley, Otley. "I have found it
effective on the 1,000 yards range."—Captain Sendy, 41st Middlesex,
Royal Small Arms Factory, Enfield. "The economy of price is not
procured at the cost of efficiency."—Field. Post free, 10s. 10d. The
Hythe glass, showing bullet marks at 1,200 yards, 31s. 6d. Only to be
had from SALOM and Co., 93, Prince's-street, Edinburgh, who have no

ELLIOTT, BROTHERS, Opticians to the Royal
Family and Government, beg to give notice that they have RE¬
MOVED from their temporary premises, in Charing-cross, to No. 449,
Strand, opposite the Railway.
TEWARD's BINOCULAR FIELD and LAND¬
SCAPE GLASSES are unequalled, and are equally adapted for
home and foreign use. Price 3½ and 6 guineas; in aluminium, one¬
third the weight, 10 and 14 guineas. Address, 406, Strand, London,
W.C. Catalogues, with testimonials, &c., post free

NEYZOR and BENDON's two-quinea BINOCU¬
LAR FIELD, Rifle, or Opera GLASS. The extraordinary
power of this instrument renders it adapted to define objects distinctly
at 10 miles distance, is suitable for the theatre, race-course, target
practice, sportsmen, tourists, and general out-door observations.—
No. 50, High Holborn, London, and country agents. Illustrated price
list of optical and mathematical instruments, for two stamps
BURROW's BINOCULARS for INDIA, with
special mountings suited to the climate, 3½ and 6 guineas. In
alluminium, incredibly light, 10 and 14 guineas. Cadets', Royal
Engineers', and every description of Military and Naval single and
double Telescopes and Field Glasses, all of the best quality. Lists on
application. Address W. and J. Burrow, Malvern. London agents.
B. Arnold, 72, Baker-street; Wales and McCulloch, 56, Cheapside, and

THE planets and double stars seen distinetly by a
NEW TELESCOPE, for £5, which will also distinguish the face
of a sheep and the features of a man four miles, the sign of a public¬
house five miles, shot marks upon a target two miles, and time by a
church clock ten miles. This instrument is guaranteed, in writing, to
perform the whole of the above and to be equal in the most important
respects to telescopes costing £70. It has a three-inch superior achro¬
matic object glass, two eye pieces, &c., with portable metal tripod,
and pillar stand with jointed claw feet. N.B. Persons are invited to
apply for a diagram, with fuller particulars and numerous testi¬
monials. Sent free.—S. and B. SOLOMONS, 39, Albemarle-street,
Piccadilly. Powerful small pocket telescopes, opera, field, and general
out-door dayand night glasses.
THE planets and double stars seen distinctly by a
NEW £5 TELESCOPE.—Testimonial.—"Lochside-house,
Lochwinnoch, N.B., August 17, 1863.—Sirs, I have delayed writing
until I had fully tested the power of the instrument you sent me. It
arrived quite safely, and in good order, and I am very much pleased
with it in every respect; its power is most astonishing, and the light,
sharpness, and definition are extraordinary, and, as an instance, I may
mention that I saw the handle of a bucket that a woman was carrying
from a farm-house quite distinctly. This was, as the crow files, more
than 3 miles distant. It is better than any telescope I have tried
against yet. I shall have an opportunity of trying it against a very
powerful glass, costing more than five times its price, and fully expect
it will come off well. The nights have not been clear, so I could not
try the glass astronomically. I am, yours faithfully, W. C. Colguhoun.
P.S. I have spoken of the glass only on its merits, and find I have not
entioned its moderation in price, which is extraordinary."—S. and B.
SOLOMONS, sole makers, 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
NOTICE.—POCKET BAROMETER.-NEGRETTI
and ZAMBRA's original instrument, size of a watch, for foretelling
weather, and for mountain measurements, as supplied to Her Majesty's
Government and the members of the Alpine Club.—No.. Hatton-¬
garden, E.C.; 69, Cornhill, E.C.; and 122, Regent-street, W..
DMIRALFITZROY's STORM BAROMETERS¬
—NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA have supplied the whole of these
splendid instruments to the Board of Trade, the Royal National Life¬
boat Institution, and Meteorological Society. Particulars by post.
—No. 1, Hatton-garden; 59, Cornhill: and 122, Regent-street. Admiral
Fitzroy's Manual for Foretelling the Weather, by post, 6d.
RMORIAL BEARINGS,—All persons desirous
of having a genuine copy of their FAMILY ARMS should send
name and county to CULLETON's heraldic studio. No fee for search.
Plain sketch, 3s. 6d. ; in-heraldig colour, 6s. ; arms, crest, and motto,
beautifully painted, with heraldic description, 12s. Information ob¬
tained direct from the College of Arms, British Museum, &c., by T. Cul¬
leton, seal engraver, 25, Cranbourn-Street, corner of St. Martin's-lane,
W.C. Grest on seals or rinss, 7s. 6d.
