FROM CHIX. M.—Nothing to keep you away now,
the breach is filled up.
ROCKEY.—COMMUNICATE with your family at
once. All can be arranged.
THE WRITER of the LETTER, signed Anon,
dated March 29th, and addressed to Messrs. Thomson and Ward,
Solicitors, 12, Bedford-row, W.C., is THANKED for his communi¬
cation, and requested either to call or send his name and address.
TO WILLIAM HENRY WHITE, late a private in
the Queen's Lancers, and FREDERICK STAR WHITE, sons
of the late William White, formerly of Dover, Kent, Traveller.—If
sither of the above named persons, or their legal representatives,
will APPLY to Mr. Worsfold Mowll, of Dover, Solicitor, they will
hear of something to their advantage.
WANTED, the NEXT-OF-KIN of FREDERICK
EMMERTON, 85th Light Infantry, deceased, formerly of
Aspley, in Bedfordshire. Apply to I. I. G. Rhodes, Attorney-at-Law,
Kimberley, Griqualand West, South Africa; or to Messrs. Simpson
and Palmer 9, Three Crown-square, Southwark.
TO PERCIVAL SMITH.—If PERCIVAL SMITH,
who emigrated from England to Australia, and who communi¬
cated with his brother, the Rev. Beraard Smith, about 10 years ago,
will WRITE to me, the undersigned, he will hear of semething to his
advantage—thatfis to say, a sharetin the residue under the Will of
the Rev. Thomas Brown, late of Leadenham, in the county of Lin¬
coln, to which, if alive, he is entitled. If dead, a certificate of his
burial is desired. If he died leaving a widow or children they will re¬
present him and be entitled to his share or interest in the said re¬
siduary estate. The strictest proof of identity will be required.—
Dated this 31st day of March, 1879.—R. J. WARD, Solicitor, Lincoln,
England. Australian papers, please copy.
BURSUANT to a Judgment of the High Courtiof
Justice Chancery Division made in an action "Pearse y Harvey
1878 P. 20" the person or persons claiming to be the HEIR or CO
HEIRS at LAW of JOHN HARVEY of Wivellscombe in the County
of Somerset Gentlemen The Testator in this action who died in the
year 1792, and whose will was proved on the 15th of August 1792 or
claiming to be the real representative or representatives of such heir
or co heirs at law in respect of certain freehold hereditaments and
lands and a messuage called "The Globe Inn" situate at Bridgwater
in the County of Somersot are by their Solicitore on or before the 2nd
day of May 187s to come in and prove their claims at the Chambers of
the Master of the Rolls in the Rolis Yard Chancery Lane Middlesex
or in default thereof they will be peremptorily excluded from the
benefit of the said Judgment. Friday the 16th day of May 1879, at
Eleven O'clock in the forenoon at the said Chambers is appointed for
hearing and adjudioating upon the claims. Dated this 31st day of
March 1879
TO PARISH CLERKS and others.—£5 REWARD.
—WANTED, a CERTIFICATE of the MARRIAGE of GEORGE
THOMAS and MARY MALIPHANT, which was probably solemnized
in London or South Wales between the years 1769 and 1777, Commu¬
nicate with Messrs. Fry, Abbot, Pope, and Brown, Solicitors, Bristol.
AMBORN COCK and Co.—Notice is hereby given,
that all persous having any CLAIM whatsoever against the
undersigned as Trustee of this Estate, either in respect of royalties
or copyrights, or the assignment thereof, or composers' or authors
claims of any kind whatsoever, or in respect of work done or goode
sold and delivered, at 63, New Bond-street, W., prior to the 26th day
of March, 1879, are requested to send forthwith particulars of such
claims to me,—FREDK LUCAS, 20, Great Marlborough-street, W.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of £2,000
New £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
JOHN SLADE, of East Hagborn, Berks, Paper Maker, and which
dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the
National Debt in consequence of having remained unclaimed since
the 10th October, 1861:—Notice is hereby given, that on the expira¬
tion of three months from this date (April 3, 1879), the said Dividend
will be paid to William Mead, one of the executors of John Slade,
deceased, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £158 5s. 5d. Consolidated £3
erCent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of FRANCIS
HILLIER, of Bath-road, Tollerdown, Bristol, Publican, and
GEORGE MARSHALL, of Bishopsworth, Somersatshire, Yeoman,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence
of the Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th
January, 1869;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of
three months from this date (April 3, 1879), the said Stock will be
Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to George Marshall,
the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £500 New £3 per
Sent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of HENRY JOHN
PHILIP WILDE. of Meadowley, Bridgnorth, Salop, gentleman, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of
the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 10th
October, 1858:—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of
three months from this date (April 3d, 1879) the said Stock will be
Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Henry John Philip
Wilde, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
CENTRAL LONDON THROAT and EAR HOSPI¬
TAL, Gray's-inn-road.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOW¬
LEDGE the RECEPT of £10 from F. W. Oxenuam, Esq.; and of
£5 from the Rev. J. Boyer.—ALFRED HUTTON, Chairman.
THE HABERDASHERS' COMPANY.—The
Directors of the ROYAL CALEDONIAN ASYLUM, Holloway,
gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of TEN GUINEAS re¬
ceived from the Company.
QUEEN CHARLOTTES LYING-IN HOSPITAL,
191, Marleboue-road, London.—Unendoed.—The Honble.
Ellot Yorke, Treasurer, thankfully ACKNOWLEDGES the RECEIPT
of a DONATION of FIVE GUINEAS from the Haberdashers Com¬
in aid of the funds of this old and deserving Charity.—A.
PHILLIPS, Secretary. April 1.
LOST, on Monday last, between St. James's-square and
as
POUND NOTE. Number known and
stopped. ONE POUND REWARD if taken to 29, Cnester-terrace.
LOST, a LADYS DIAMOND RING, plain gold, with
cluster of seven diamonds, betwegn Shepherd's-bush-green and
Holland-road (Kensington end), the morning of April 1st. Whoever
will take the same to Farmer's Library, Edwardes-terrace, Kensington,
W., shall be rewarded.
CAUTION.—A DRAFT of the ROCKHAMPTON
BRANCH of the UNION BANK of AUSTRALIA for
£736 9s. 3d. on the London office, in favour of Sir Charles Nicholson,
Bart., having been LOST, banks, discount-houses, and others are
hereby cautioned against giving value for the same. A REWARD of
5 will be paid to anyone restoring the missing document. Apply to
W. Westgarth, Esq., 28, Cornhill, E.C.
FOUND, on 22d inst., £5-NOTE. Apply, by letter
only, 36, Addison-road, Kensington.
FOUND, on Tuesday, April 1, a PURSE, containing
foreign notes, other money, and a half railway ticket. On proof
of ownership will be given up. Apply, between 12 and 3 o'clock, to
Henry N. Maynard, Civil Engineer, 7, Westminster-chambers, Lon¬
don, S.W.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE in IRELAND,
Probate and Matrimonial Division.—The Principal Registry.
—In the Goods of Mary Fegar, late of Byrne, in the County of Down,
widow, deceased.—Take notice, that a CITATION issued under the
seal of the Probate and Matrimonial Division of Her Majesty's High
Court of Justice in Ireland, dated the 11th day of March, 1879,
whereby you, ARTHUR FEGAR, as the lawful husband of the said
Mary Fesar, are cited to appear within eight days after publication of
this notice, and accept the burthen of the execution of the last will
of said deceased, or to show cause why letters of administration of
the goods of said deceased, with said will annexed, should not be
granted to Patrick Byrne, of Lurgancarty, in the County of Down,
Farmer the brother of deceased, and a legatee named in said will.—
Dated this 13th day of March, 1879.
JOHN ADAIR, Acting Registrar.
THOMAS J. MAGINNIS, Solicitor for said Patrick Byrne,
3, Lower Ormond-quay, Dublin.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE Admiralty Divi¬
sion 1878. J. No. 208 Ships "Henry Coxon" & "Gange" Between
Johnasson & others Plaintiffs and The Compagnie des Messaveries
Muritimes de France 4 Others Defendants Whereas in an Action of
Limitation of Liability instituted in the said High Court of Justice on
behalf of John Johnasson F. D. Jones W. Y. Craig M. W. Pyle, Henry
Coxon C. Mitchell and A. A. Parkinson against The Compagnie des
Messageries Maritimes de France and Others the Judge of the Admi¬
ralty Division of the said Court did on the 16th day of February 1879
amongat other things pronounce that in respect of loss or damage to
Ships, Goods, Merchandize or other things caused by reason of the
improper navigation of the Stram Vessel HENRY COXON on the
occasion of the COLLISIONbetween the said Steam vessel and the
Steam vessel "GANGE" on the 12th day of January 1878 the Owners
of the said Steam Vessel "Henry Coxon" are answerable in damages
to an amount not exceeding £7425 12s. (such sum being at the rate of £8
for each ton of the registered tonnage of the said Steam vessel "Henry
Coxon" without deduction on account; of Engine Room) This is
therefore to give Notice to all persons having any CLAIMS in respect
of the loss or damage caused as aforesaid that if they do not co ne in
and enter their Claims in the said Action on or before the 17th day of
May next ensuing they will be excluded from sharing in the aforesaid
amount Dated this 3rd day of March 1879
Taken out by T. Cooper and Co., 21. Leadenhall Street E.C.
OLD LAND CLAIMS.—Notice is hereby given, that
on the 17th day of October, 1878, an Act was passed by the
General Assembly of New Zealand, intituled "An Act to make fur¬
ther Provision for the Final Settlement of Land Claims.
The attention of every person having any UNSETTLED CLAIM
to LAND in respect of the former purouase thereof from the aborigi¬
nal natives of the colony, and which has not been disallowed, is
drawn to the provisions of the said ACT next following, that is to
Say.—
Every claim capable of being prosecuted under "The Land Claims
Settlement Act, 1856," or "The Land Claims Settlement Extension
Act, 1858" (hereinaiter called "the said Acts" which shall not be
prosecuted before the 31st day of December, 1879, shall be deemed to
have lapsed.
Whenever any selection of land is required to be made under the
provisions of the said Acts, the Commissioners may prescribe a period
within which such selection shall be made, and if the serection be not
made within such period, such right of selection shall lapse and be
deemed abandoned, and the claimant or claimants shall have no fur¬
ther right, title, or interest in respect of such claim, or in respect of
any land the subject of such claim.
In any claim in which difficulties exist in the way of obtaining quiet
ossession of the land to which the claimant is entitied, and in which
the survey of the claim cannot be made in a reasonable time, to be
fixed by the Commissioners, the Commissioners shall determine the
claim by direct-ng a grant of other land in exchange, or by the issue
of scrip of equivaient value, exercisable only within twelve months
after issue thereof.
Notwithstanding anything in the said Acts contained, the Commis¬
sioners may admit to hearing the claimants in claims 6d (Captain
George Beadon) and 1,128 (Mrs. Elizabeth George), subject to restric¬
tions stated in the Act herein first mentioned, of which a copy may
be seen at the office of the Land Claims Commissioner at Wellington,
and at the office of the Agent-General for the colony, 7, Westminster¬
chambers, Victoria-street, London.
Claimants not resident within the colony should forthwith appoint
a duly authorized agent at Wellington, in the colony, to do and per¬
form whatever may be required to obtain the benefit of the Act herein
firstly referred to.
Dated at Wellington, New Zealand, this 28th day of November.
1878.
ROBERT STOUT, Land Claims Commissioner,
LONDON and ST. KATHARINE DOCKS COM¬
PANY.—PUBLIC HOLIDAY.—Notice is hereby given, that
Monday, the 14th inst., will be observed as a Holiday'in the Docks and
Warehouses of this Company, under the authority of the Holidays

By order,
B. H. MARTINDALE, General Manager.
ARMY and NAVY CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY
(Limited), 117, Victoria-street, Westminster, London, S.W.—
Notice.—GOOD FRIDAY and BANK HOLIDAY.—The STORES
will be CLOSED from the 11th to the 14th April, inclusive, the 11th
being Good Friday and the 14th a Bank Holiday. The execution
before the 11th of country orders received after Tuesday, the 8th, or
of town orders received after Wednesday, the 9th, cannot be guaran¬
toeo.
By order.
H. LAWSON, Secretary.
NOTICE.—Rummage Sale at Brook's Wharf.—Notice
is hereby given by the proprietor of Brook's Wharf that, in ac¬
ance with the Act of Parlament 9 and 10 Vict., cap. 399, all
WINES and SPIRITS entered between September, 1874, and March,
1876, and now in bond or duty paid, lying at this wharf, will be SOLD
by Messrs. W. and T. RESTELL, at Public SALE, on 18th April
instant, or on a subsequent date, to pay charges and expenses due
thereon.
AMATEUR BOXING and WRESTLING CHAM¬
PIONSHIPS (Light weights, 5 p.m. Middle weights, 6 p.m.:

hts. 8 p.m.), take place for the Queensbury Challenge
Cups THIS DAY (Thursday), in the Gymnasium, Lillie-bridge. The
Four-Miles Bicycle Championship is run at 4.30 p.m.
AMATEUR CHAMPIONSHIP MEETING for
valuable Challenge Cups, at Lillie-bridge, Monday next, April 7.
Commence at 2 p.m., with the Seven Miles Walking. Admission 1s.,
2s. 6d., and 5s. Covered seats in case of rain for 5,000 people. Cold
luncheon to be had on the ground. 2s. 6.
AFTER the BOAT RACE, at Lillie Bridge,
Saturday, April 5.—FEATS of SPEED, by the following
champions:—W. Perkins, walking champion—D. Livingstone, run¬
ning champion—J. Keen and F. Cooper bleycle champions—Donald
Dinnie, Scotch Hercules—Lilliputian Pony Race, 16 runners—Tug
of War. Elephant v. Men: Big Willic y 50 Guardsmen. Military
band. Covered stands in case of rain for 5,000., 1s., 2s., and 3s. Com¬
mende 2.30.
FOR SALE, sultable for expeditions up the Rhine,
Skeld, Seine, or Thames, a TWIN SCREW YACHT, 50 tons
builder's measurement, built in 1875. Length, 70 feet; beam, 13ft. 2;
draft aft, 4ft.; height from cablu ceiling to floor, 7.6; accommoda¬
tion, two sleeping berths, saloon, and water -closet forward, large
cabin pantry and water closet aft. Average speed 10 knots. A good
sea bost. Has made four voyages from the Thames to south of Ire¬
land. For price, &o., address P. M., at Brown's Advertising office,
No. 4, Little George-street, Westminster Abpey.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—Mr. WENDEL
SCHERER, 24 years' English and Continental experience, can
be daily consulted in cases of importance, at 11, Blomfield-terrace,
Paddington.
