RECEIVED by the Rev. James Aitken, the pro¬
mised SUM of £75, from A. A. T.
TO J. H. B., of N.——k.—Pray WRITE, or Return
your sorrowing friends, and all shall be forgiven.—August
27th. 186
WOUTH MISSING.—MISSING, since Wednes¬
day, August 21, a youth, named WALTER DUDGEON, age 17,
but looks more, 5 ft. 3 in. in height, fair florid complexion, blue eyes,
lost one front tooth; dress—dark blue frock coat, black silk waist¬
coat, brown and cream checked trousers, black hat, side-spring boots,
with pearl buttons. Had upon him crossed cheque for £45 odd and
about £28 in gold and silver, also book of forms of receipts.—Alfred
Davis and Co., 58, 59, and 50, Houndsditch, by whom any information
will be thankfully acknowledged.
LOST, on Monday evening, August 26th, by a ser¬
vant, in Grosvenor-place, Eaton-square, a BLACK ISLE of
SKYE DOG. A REWARD of
L
willbring it to Mr. John Bean, North Camberland-mews, Oumberland¬
street, Bryanston-square.
LOST, from the vicinity of Montpelier-square, Bromp

ton, on Saturday evening, the 24th inst., a BLACK and TAN
TERRIER, very much tanned about the eyes. Wore a locked steel
chain collar. Answers to the name of "Snap." Whoever will bring
the same.
Montpelie.
terrace, Montpeller-square, Brompton, shall
receive ONE POUND REWARD.
TEN POUNDS REWARD will be given to any
person finding TWO BANK of ENGLAND NOTES (one £59,
numbered 75,264, and one £20, numbered 60,722), lost the 23d inst., be¬
tween Fenchurch-Street and Smith, Payne, and Co.'s. The notes have
been stopped. Thomas Pearson and Son, 36, Bishops gate-street, E.C.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST, on Monday,
August 26, at Blackheath, a small BLACK and TAN TERRIER
BITCH: answers to the n e
iney." If brought to the Grapes
Tavern, 17 and 18, St. Thomas-street, the above reward will be given.
No further reward will be offered.
TO CABMEN and others. —LEFT, in a Hansom
cab, on the evening of Saturday last, a small BLACK BAG, well
worn, and containing a few articles of value only to the owner. An¬
one br
son's rooms, 52, Cornhill, shall receive TEN
SHILLINGs REWARD.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on Tuesday
morning, a FRENCH DOG, with long white hair, and fox's
head, tail curied over the back: answers to the name of "Loo." Any
one bringing the same to 259, High Holborn, or giving such informa¬
tion as will lead to its recovery, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on Saturday
evening, at London-bridge Railway Terminus, a MOREEN¬
COLOURED DESPATCH BOX; contents valuable only to the owner.
It was placed in a cab, and accidentally carried off with another fare.
The above reward will be paid on its being restored to the owner, at
No. 7, Upper Wimpole-street. No further reward
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on Sunday, the
25th inst., a NEWFOUNDLAND DOG, white stripe on face,
white paws, breast, and ring round neck, also white tip to his tail
had on a leather collar, with brass ring in it. Was seen on Sunday, at
1 o'clock, being led away through Kentish-town by a man, well known
by sight, walking with a lady in black; was also seen at 6 o'clock the
same evening, being led over the Camden-town Canal-bridge by a bo¬
who told him the dog's owner's name. The above reward will be paid
to anyone returning the dog to Southampton Villa, Millfield-lane,
Highgate-rise.
FOUND, a large DOG. The owner may have it by
giving the description and paying all the expenses. If not owned
in seven days will be sold to defray the expenses. Apply, between 10
and 12 o'clock a.m., at Sandy's library, 298, Albany-road, S.
RETRIEVER DOG FOUND. Apply at 18, Vic¬
toria-grove, South Kensington, describing colour, and the name
on the collar.
MR. EDWARD HERBERT, formerly of Denill¬
quin, New South Wales, is requested to SEND his ADDRESS
to Alexander McKersie, 49, West George-street, Glasgow, who has some
thing of importance to communicate.
WILLIAM EVANS, was a painter and glasier.
He was born in London, and lived there many years. In 1842
he lived at Newcastle-on-Tyne, was next heard of at Wrexham, and
last at Leicester, in September, 1844. His grandfather's estate is now
divisible. He or his personal representative (if he is dead) is requested
to apply to Mr. Reece, of Furnival's-inn, London. Or any person
giving information about him shall be rewarded.
TO PARISH CLERKS and others. —TWO
POUNDS will be paid for a CERTIFICATE of the MARRIAGE
of RAYNER HOLMES with MARY LAKINS, supposed to have
been solemnised between 1807 and 1814. Apply to Mr. Henry Ward,
No. 51, Lincoln's-inn-fields, solicitor.
TO PARISH CLERKS and others.—A REWARD
of TWO POUNDS will be paid to any one furnishing
BURIAL CERTIFICATE, or Evidence of the Death of SAMUEL
HOLDEN, who was formerly a broker at 37, Charing-cross, in the years
1787, 1788, and 1789, and was believed to have at some time resided at
Brook-hill, Hatton-garden, and is supposed to have died before 1803.
Apply by letter to M. S. H., A. Angus, Esq.'s, surgeon, 66, Frith-Street,
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £200, Consolidated £3
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of ELIZA¬
BETH JAQUES, of Capel-court, London, widow, deceased,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence
of the dividends thereon not having been received since the 5th Janu¬
ary, 1848;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Divi¬
donds thereon Paid, to Henry Revell Reynolds, Esq., the adminis¬
trator, as nomince of the Crown, who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim

RITISH MUSEUM.—The BRITISH MUSEUM
will be CLOSED on the 2d, and Re-opened on the 9th September,
1861. In the interval between those dates no visitor whatever can pos¬
sibly be admitted.
August 27th, 1861.	A. PANIZZI, Principal Librarian.
IN CHANCERY: "Leadam v. Trimmer."—
Whereas JOHN WILLIAM LEADAM, formerly of Lough¬
borough, in the county of Leicester, surgeon, on or about the 5th day
of March, 1853, sailed as ship surgoon on board the ship George
Washington, from Liverpool for New York, where he arrived at the
latter end of April, 1853. The said John William Leadam was paid off
on his arrival at New Yorkes aforesaid, and he then informed Captais
Cummings, the master of the said ship, that he was gofng on to Phila¬
delphia, but that he would be back before the ship left New York. He
was seen a day or two afterwards by one of the officers of the said shin
in a street in New York, since which time he has not been heard of.
All persons who can furnish any INFORMATION as to the said John
William Leadam are requested to do so to either of the undersigned on
or before the 2d day of November now next ensuing.—Dated this 9th

ROSCOE and HINCKS, 14, King-street, Finsbury-square,
Plaintiff's Solicitors.
DYNES and HARVEY 61, Lincoln's-inn-fields, Solicitors

MIDDLESEX.—Music or Dancing Licences.—
e etat all persons intending to apply for
LICENCES for MUSIC or DANCING under the Statute 25th George
II., c. 36, who were not licensed at the last Michaclmas Session for
this county (whether or not a licence was granted at the last-mentioned
session in respect of the premises sought to be licensed), must, three
weeks at least before Monday, the 7th day of October next, which will be
the commencement of the next Michaelmas Quarter Session, cause a
notice, in the undermentioned form, to be affixed upon the outer door or
other conspicuous part of the premises sought to be licensed, and upon
the outer door of the police station or other place of confinement in
the parish in which such premises shall be situate ; and must also
serve copies of such notice upon the churchwardens and overseers of
the parish in question three weeks at least before the commence¬
ment of the said Session; and must also give three weeks' notice at
least before the said 7th day of October to me, at the Sessions-house,
Clerkenwell, and to the Cierk of the Petty Sessions of the division
wherein the premises are situate, of the intended application:—
FORM of NOTICE.
"I, — of —, do hereby give notice, that I intend to apply under
the provisions of the statute 25th Geo. II., cap. 36, at the next Michael-¬
mas Quarter Session for the county of Middlesex, to be holden at the
Sessions-house, Clerkenwell, on the 10th day of October, 1861, for a
licence for (here insert the particular sort or sorts of public entertain¬
ment for which the licence is required) to be carried on within the
house or premises situate at — or known by the name of— (as the
case may be), and now in the occupation of me, the subscriber bereto."
And notice is also given, that every applicant for a licence is required
to attend the Court personally on the said 10th day of October, which
will be the day for granting licences, unless a reason satisfactory to the
Court shall be assigned for his absence.
And that every person presenting any petition against the grant or
renewal of any licence must leave with me, at the Sessions-house, Cler¬
kenwell, ten clear days before the said 7th day of October, a copy of
such counter-petition, for the inspection of the person applying for such
grant or renowal.
The Court will not in future insert in licences to be granted under
the said Act the words
or other public entertainment of the like
kind," but will in all cases specify the particular entertainment which
may be given.
Counter-petitions must now be lodged ten clear days before the first
day of the session, instead of five clear days before the
for grant¬
ing licences, and the notice to be given to the Clerk of the Peace and
to the Clerk of the Petty Session is now 21 days at least, instead of 14

C. HEATON ELLIS, Clerk of the Peace.
Sessions-house, Clerkenwell, August 23, 1861.
NOTICE is hereby given, that on the 7th day of
October next, APPLICATION will be made to Her Majesty's
Justices of the Peace assembled at Quarter Sessions, in and for the
county of Middlesex, at the Sessions-house, Clerkenwell-gre.

for the said county, for an ORDER for DIVERTING and TURNIN
a certain HIGHWAY or FOOTWAY, knownby the name of NORTH¬
WICK-WALK, leading across a close of land the property of the Right
Hon. George Lord Northwick, numbered 807 on the plan attached to
the award made by the Commissioners of the Harrow Inclosure, in the
direction of Sheepcote, being within the limits of the Local Board of
Health for the district of Harrow on the Hill, in the parish of Harrow¬
the-Hill, in the county of Middlesex:—And that the certificate of
two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said county of Mid¬
dlesex of their having viewed the same, and the proposed diversion and
surning thereof, and of proof having been given to them the said last¬
mentioned justices of the publication of the several notices required by
the statute, with the plan duly verified and delivered to them of the old
and proposed new highway or footway, and the consent of the owner of
the land.



tended to pass, will be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace for the said
county on the 5th day of September next.—Dated this 30th day of
July, 1861.
Members of the Local Board of
H. MONTAGU BUTLER,
Health for the District of Harrow.

on-the-Hill, ia the county of Mid¬
THOS. EDWARD PARR,
dlesex, executing the office of
IN THOMAS BLAKE,
Surveyor of the Highways of the
RICHD. CHAPMAN,
said District.
EDMONTON LOCAL BOARD of HEALTH.—
Notice is hereby given, that on Saturday, the 21st day of Sep¬
tember next, at the Board-room at the Watch-house, Lower Edmon¬
ton, at the hour of half-past 2 in the afternoon, there will be an AUDIT
and EXAMINATION of the ACCOUNTS of the Board, under and
according to the provisions of the Local Government Act. 1850, and
that a copy of the accounts to be audited and examined, together with
all the rate-books, accounts, bills, vouchers, and receipts referred to
therein will be deposited in the office of the Clerk to the said Local
Board, Fere-street, Edmonton, and be open during office hours thereat
—viz, from 10 till 6, to the inspection of all persons interested, for seven
days before the said audit and examination, and all such persons shall
be at liberty to take copies of or extracts from the same without fee or
reward.—Given this 26th day of
WILLIAM PULLEY, Clerk of the Board.
MENRY VINCENT, Eso will deliver a LEC¬
TURE ON OLIVER CROMWELL, in the Metropolitan Taber¬
nacle, Newington, THIS EVENING, August 28th. Chair to be taken
at 7.30 o'clock by the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon. Admission 1s.; upper gal¬
lery, 6d.
ARGYLL ROOMS, Great Windmill-street, Hay¬
market, is now OPEN for the season, under the direction of
Mons. Boulcourt, principal cornet-à-piston, and Conductor. The music
will be selected from Verdi, Meyerbeer, Rossini, Flatow, Balfe, and
other eminent composers. During the recess these well known rooms
have been entirely re-decorated and improved by Messrs. H. J. Smith
and assistants. The new chandeliers by M. Benjamin. Admission 1s.
All the new music to be had at the office, 7, Great Windmill-Street.
NATIONAL ASSEMBLY ROOMS, High Holborn.
—This brillant and favourite ball room is RE-OPENED for
the season. During the recess the entire building has been re¬
decorated, and many important additions and alterations effected.
conducive to the comfort of the visitors. The celebrated band, under
the able direction of Mr. W. M. Packer, will perform evertures and
selections from the latest operas, with the choicest dance music. New
selections from Rose of Castille and Der Freischutz, Robin Hood, Un
Ballo in Maschera, La Circassienne (never performed in England), New
Champagne Galop, &c. Doors open at half-past 8. Admission 1s.
INOTHER CHALLENGE to BLONDIN.—
ROYAL PAVILION GARDENS, North Woolwich.—Mr.
BALBERTF the English rope walker, will repeat his terrific NIGHT
ASCENT THIS DAY (Wednesday), August 28. The rope, illuminated
by Mr. Cox's electric light, producing one of the most beautiful effects
ever witnessed. The ascent to take place at half-past 9 precisely
Admission 1s., including railway there and back. Notice. The Third
Grand Bal Masque of the season will take place To-morrow (Thursday),
August 20 o o.

Last train to town at 3 a.m. Admission 1s., not including railway.
SWIMMING TAUGHT by Professor BECKWITH,
the most experience

pletion guaranteed in eight easy lessons (no matter what age or how
nervous of water), for one guinea. Lessons any hour of the day.—
Lambeth Baths, Westreinster-road
TO ANGLERS.—CHAS. FARLOW, 191, Strand,
Temple-bar, W.C., manufacturer of superior FISHING
RODG and TALKLE.
Calalogues ferwarded gratis.
