C. B. is earnestly implored to return home, or the;
G.
consequences to himsell will be most disastrous.
TOM.—If you will COMMUNICATE with C. M.,
in London, or Mother, who is dying, for yout sake. Come or
write to C. M., without fear
THACKERAY WALKER.—The PARTY who ad¬
vertises for persons of this name, in connexion with the will of
George Croft, is requested to COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Meyrick,
Gedge, and Loaden, solicitors, 4, Storey's-gate, Westminster.
CRIPPLED BOYS' INDUSTRIAL HOME, Ken¬
sington.—The Secre
KNOWLEDGES, with grateful
thanks, TWOE5.NOTES, U.P 77985, W.C 35665, from an Anonymous
SHOULD this MEET the EYE of the PARTY who
travelled from Charing-cross to London-bridge, in a first-class
carriage, on Friday last, about 4 o'clock, and did not understand what
the slip of paper was for outside the London-bridge Station, they are
earnestly requested to SEND the ADDRESS to C. B. A., post office,

CHARLES CONDELL.—If CHARLES CONDELL,
formerly of Copthall-court, solicitor, is still living, he is requested
to afford the undersigned the means of COMMUNICATING with him
by letter. If Mr. Condell is dead, any person furnishing the undersigned
with evidenes of his death shall be handsomely rewarded for their
trouble. —Hodgkinson, Pratt, and Hodgkinson, solicitors, Newark, Notts.
LOST, OPERA GLASSES (covered in black
morocco)—left in the 3.50 up train from Windsor, on Friday
afternoon, the 31st July, or in Hansom cab from Great Western Rail¬
way to 44, Kensington-park-gardens, W. REWARD when returned
LOST, a GOLD WATCH, Bennett's Geneva, No.
10,790, between Charing-cross and Greenwich Stations, on Mon¬
BOE  to 
day, August 3, about 1 o'clock. Whoever will take e
ennett, watchmaker, Blackheath, shall receive TWO POUNDS RE¬
WARD.
LOST, from a carriage, between Regent-street and
the Haymarket, a RED BAG, containing two bunches of keys a

y, and papers of no use to any one.—TEN SHIL¬
LINGS REWARD will be given if taken to 52, St. Martin's-lane,
Charing-cross.
LOST, a BLACK and TAN, ROUGH-HAIRED,
ENGLISH TERRIER, old and gray: answers to the name of
a o ou chain collar,
B Burne" on plate.
ONE POUND REWARD if returned to Sir G. Hewett, Bart., Albury,
near Guidford, Surrey.
LOST, a PUG DOG.—THREE POUNDS RE¬
WARD.—LOST, a PUG DOG, last evening, between 9 and
10 o'clock, at the corner of Curzon-street and South Audley-street.
Whoever will take the dog to 22, Bolton-street, Piccadilly, shall receive
the above reward. No further reward will be offered.
LOST, between Paddington Station, by the 4 o'clock
train from Birmingham, on Monday, the 3d inst, and Lincoln's-¬
inn-fields, a BROWN RUSSIA LEATHER POCKET-BOOK, con¬
taining cards of address, memorandums, and documents of no use to
anyone but the owner. Whoever has found the same and will take if
to the chambers of Mr. J. B. Kelly, 30, Lincoln's-inn-fields, shall
RECEIVE a SOVEREIGN REWARD for the trouble.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LEFT in a CAB, on
Tuesday morning, July 28th, TWO OPERA GLASSES. The
above reward will be paid if they are left at Graseman's, optician,

FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday
evening, between the Langham Hotel and Pall-mall, a LADY's
GOLD WATCH, with Diamond Monogram and Albert Chain. Any
person bringing the same to Wood's Hotel, Jermyn-street, shall re¬
ceive the above reward,
TO CABMEN.—THIRTY SHILLINGS RE¬
WARD.—A BROWN OVERCOAT was LEFT in a CAB which
took a gentleman from Waterloo Station to Rawling's Hotel, Jermyn-¬
street, Friday, 31st ult. If taken to Gobby and Co.'s, Leicester-street,
Regent-street, the above reward will be paid,
STOLEN, a DOG FOX, with Chain and Collar, on
the night of Tuesday last, from Mr. Mitchell's grounds, at Bangors,
Iner-heath. Whoever will give information that

onviction of the offender shall receive ONE SOVEREIGN RE¬
WARD.
STIRLING's ANNALS of the ARTISTS of SPAIN.
—MISSING, the FIRST VOLUME of this WORK; supposed
to have been lent some years ago, and not returned. Any friend of the
undersigned, who may have this volume, will oblige by communicating
with the Rev. John Babington, 10, Norfolk-square, Brighton.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT on the box
of a CAB, which took a party from 5, Cambridge-terrace, Re¬
gent's-park, to the Charing-cross Station, on Tuesday, between 1 and 2
in the afternoon, a BLACK LEATHER BAG. If the driver will take
the same to Messrs. Tatham and Procter, 36, Lincoln's-inn-fields, he
shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, in one of the Metropolitan omnibuses, a
£5 NOTE. The owner can have the same by giving the number,
or other evidence of ownership, and paying expenses, Apply, with
full particulars to Mr. Churchman, Broadway, Hammersmith.
FOUND, August 4th, in Westminster Abbey, a
PORTEMONNAIE, containing English and American money,
&c. The owner, on stating its contents, may have it restored on appli¬
cation to the Superintendent, at the Abbey.
NOTICE to the EXECUTOR or EXECUTRIX of
the late Miss CTRIDGE.—If the PIANOFORTE, brought from
Newington-place, Kennington, in July. 1851, be not TAKEN AWAY
within 14 days ffrom this date, it will be SOLD, to pay expenses.—
Rolfe and Sons, pianoforte manufacturers, 12, Great Marylebone¬
street, Carendish-square (late of Cheapside).—Dated this 4th
August, 1863.
NOTICE to TRADESMEN and others. —The under¬
signed, Sir John B. W. S. Gardiner, of Roche-court, near Farcham,
Hants, Bart., hereby gives public notice, that no one has any authority
to pledge his credit, nor to incur any debt or liability in his name or
on his behalf, and that he will not be responsible for the performance
of any engagement unless authorized by himself.—Dated this 19th day
of May, 1868

IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 4.549.—The JENNIE.—Whereas a cause of
Mortgage has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of Eng¬
land on behalf of Robert Harrowing, of Whitby, in the county of York,
shipowner, mortgagee of the vessel Jennie, against the said vessel, her
tackle, apparel, and furniture, now lying in the Regent's-canal-basin,
under grrest by virtue of a warrant issued from the Registry of the said
Court, and no appearance has been entered in the said cause ——This
is to give notice to all persons who have or claim to have any RIGHT,
Title, or Interest in the said VESSEL, that if an appearance in the
said cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court within six
days from the publication of this netice, the Judge of the said Court
will order the said vessel to be sold, to answer the claims instituted or
to be instituted against the same, or make such order in the premises
as to him shall seem right. —Dated this 6th day of August, 1868.
(Seal) H. A. BATHURST, Assistant Registrar.
Notice of Sale of Ship taken out by Clarkson, Son, and Greenwell,
24. Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons, London.
WHEREAS by a Decree of the High Court of
Chancery, made in a cause of "The FIRST NATIONAL
BANK of NEW ORLEANS and others against John Hope Simpson,
one of the registered public officers of the Bank of Liverpool and
others," it is among other things directed that an enquiry should be
made "whether any and what persons or companies, as hillholders,
assignees, or otherwise, and under what circumstances, claim to be en¬
titled to or interested in the moneys and securities in the hands of the
Bank of Liverpool, arising from the bills and remittances sent to them
by the plaintiffs, the First National Bank of New Orleans, as men¬
tioned in the said decree," and pursuant to the said decree, all PER¬
SONS or COMPANIES CLAIMING any INTEREST in such
MONEYS and SECURITIES as aforesaid are, on or before the 2d day
of November, 1868, by their solicitors, to come in and prove their claims
at the chambers of the Vice-Chancellor Sir George Markham Giffard,
No. 11, New-square, Lincoln's-inn, in the county of Middlesex; or, in
default thereof, they will be peremptorily excluded from the benent of
the said decrec. Monday, the 14th day of December, 1868, at 12
o'clock at noon, is the time appointed for hearing and adjudicating
upon the claims. —Dated this 31st day of July, 1868.
EDWARD BLOXAM, Chief Clerk.
SHARPE, PARKERS, and PRITCHARD, 41, Bedford-¬
row, Middlesex, Plaintiff's' Agents.
WHEREAS, by an Order of the High Court of
Chancery, made in the matter of an Act of Parlament made
and passed in the 10th and 11th years of the reign of Her Majesty,
entitled "An Act for the Better Securing Trust Funds and for the
Relief of Trustees," and in the matter of the trusts of the will of
Joseph Robinson, deceased, the account residue, and in the matter of
the trusts of the will of Rebecca Robinson, widow, deceased the
account legacy of £1,000, bequeathed in trust for the sons and daughters
of testatrix's deceased brothers and deceased sister named in her will,
the following inquiries were directed, that is to say; 1. An inquiry what
sons and daughters there were of Rasely Robinson, John Rebinson,
Alfred Robinson, and William Robinson, and Mary Rome, the four
brothers and sister of Rebecca Robinson, the said testatrix, who were
living at the dates of the will and death of the said testatrix, or who
previously died, and whether any, and which of such sons and daughters
have since died, and if so, who are their, his, or her legal personal re¬
presentatives or representative. 2. An inquiry whether any and which
of the children of the said four brothers and sister died during the life¬
time of the said testatrix leaving issue him or her surviving, and if so,
then when such issue were respectively born, and if any of them are since
dead, when they, he, or she died, and who are their, his, or her legal per¬
sonal representatives or representative.—All persons claiming to be the
SONS or DAUGHTERS Of RASELY ROBINSON, JOHN ROBIN¬
SON, ALFRED ROBINSON, and WILLIAM ROBINSON, and
MARY ROME, the four brothers and sister of Rebecca Robinson
late of Brunstock-cottage, Balaam-street, Plaistow, in the parish of
West Ham, in the county of Essex, widow, who died on the 25th day
of October, 1866), who were living on the 9th day of May, 1863, the
date of the will of the said Rebecca Robinson, and who were living
on the 25th day of October, 1864, the day of her death, or the legal
personal representatives or representative of such sons and daughters
as have since died, and all persons claiming to be the issue of the
children of the said four brothers and sister, who may have died
during the lifetime of the said Rebecca Robinson, and the legal per¬
sonal representatives or representative of such issue as may have since
died, are, by their sollcitors, on ar before the 2d day of November, 1865,
to come in and prove their claims, at the chambers of the Vice¬
Chancellor Giffard, No. 11, New-square, Lincoln's-inn, in the county
of Middlesex, England; or, in default thereof, they will be peremp
torily excluded from the benefit of the said order. Monday, the 16th
day of November, 1863, at 12 o'clock at noon, at the said chambers, is
appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims.—Dated this
22d day of July, 18
HY. LEMAN, Chief Clerk.
COX and SONS, Solicitors, 4, Cloak-lane, London.
PETROLEUM ACTS, 1862 and 1868.—The Metro¬
politan Board of Works hereby give notice, that an Act has ju

t t 26tht.
ictoria, chapter 66 (1862),
for
the SAFE-KEEPING of PETROLEUM. Ameng other things it is
provided—from and after the 1st day of February, 1869, the 3d section
of the Petroleum Act, 1862, shall be repealed, and that from that date
there may be ansexed to any license to be granted such conditions as
to the mode of storage, as to the nature of the goods with which pe¬
troleum may be stored, as to the testing such petroleum from time to
time, and generally as to the safe keeping of petroleum, as may seem
expedient to the local authority. Any petroleum kept in contraven¬
tion of this section shall be forfelted, and, in addition thereto, the
occupier of the place in which such petroleum is kept shall be liable
to a penalty not exceeding £20 a day for each day during which pe¬
troleum is kept in contravention of the Petroleum Acts 1862 and 1868,
or either of suc e
In the same Act there is a prohibition of sale of petroleum for pur¬
pose of illumination givin g of a n
dammable vapour at a temperature
of less than 100 degrees of Fahrenhelt; and the temperature at
which petroleum gives off an infammable vapour shall for the purposes
of the Petroleum Acts be tested in manner set forth in the schedule

And the Board hereby gives further notice, that all licenses for the
ensuing year must be applied for as regards the Metropolitan Board
of Works, before the 31st day of December, 1863.
Any further information may be obtained at this office between the
hours of 9 and 4 o'clock.
JOHN POLLARD, Clerk of the Board.
Spring-gardens, 28th July, 18
CAPE COLONY and NATAL.—All parties desiring
INFORMATION on any subject relative to these colonies are
requested to apply, personally or by letter, to the Cape and Natal
Newspaper-office, 29, Bow-lane, Cannon-street, E.C.
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Queen
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONLY
ADDRESS is 35 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—The CISTERN and other FILTERS,
officially adopted by Gevernment for the Abyssinian army, the
irox-plated ships, barracks, military stores, &c., and so highly spoken
of by Dr. Frankland during the late visitation of cholera (Sce The
Times, Oct. 24th, 18651, can only be obtained at ATKINS, 62, Fleet-st.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHER's QUEEN's READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPIC LAMPS as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family. The public are cautioned against in¬
ferior imitations, M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-street, being
the sole inventor and manufacturer of these celebrated lamps. Draw¬
ings and prises post free.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted lenses should apply ony direct to them at
No. 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly opposite Crawley's Hetel
CAUTION.-HOWARD's PATENT EASY CHAIRS
and SOFAS. The celebrity of these goods, which combine
luxurious comfort with perfection of workmanship, having caused in¬
ferior imitations to be offered for sale, the public are informed that all
those manufactured by us have a brass label attached, with number of
patent and address of patentees.—Howard and Sons, 26 and 27, Ber¬
ners-street, Oxford-street, W.
GAUTION. —Registering Thermometers.—
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA's PATENT SELF-REGISTERING
THERMOMETERS, which have received prizes in London and Paris,
and are in uss at all the principal obcervatories, are only to be had at
Messrs. Negretti and Zambra's establishments. The public are CAU¬
TIONED against imitations and against persons representing them¬
selves to be N. and Z.'s agents or travellers.—Negretti and Zambra,
Hatton-garden, Cornhill, Regent-street, Fleet-street, and Crystal
Palace.
