MADGE.—Why did you not return home on Saturday
night? My wild bird, if I am the cause, believe me, I will never
trouble you again. Your sisterlis much worse and I am in an agony of
fear. Yours till death.—Write to the A— or HUGH, Lady N—.
IF you could understand how you have overwhelmed
me with intense joy? How can I express in this little space my
gratitude for your generous confidence It will never be forgotten,
for it will be an ever fresh remembrance, treasured in my heart. The
reminder you so gently expressed was needless; my aims are too high,
as you well know, to be disturbed by inferior influences. I have long
chosen you to ald me; and every-plan, every thought, and every feel¬
ing has for years been subordinate to the ultimate accomplishment of
this determined desire. Please look for another COMMUNICATION
shortly.
SHOULD this meet the eve of Mr. B. WARD, he
is requested to COMMUNICATE again with his correspondent.
Two letters have been sent, one via Belgium, the other via Syria; but
no reply.
JOHN CRAIG (husband of the late Mrs. Helen
Jamieson or Craig), formerly ironmonger in Forfar, latterly re
siding in Cupar Fife, who is supposed to have left the country about 20
years ago for America, if alive, will hear of something to his advantage
by APPLYING to Ebenezer Mill, Esq., solicitor, No. 51, Prince's¬
street, Edinburgh; or, if dead, any one giving information as to the
time and place of his death, will be suitably rewarded by applying to
the above.
SIMON WILBY, deceased.—Notice to Legatees.—
Whereas Simon Wilby, late of Wortham, in Suffolk, tailor, de¬
ceased, by his will, dated the 2d November, 1855, and proved by
William Cullin, of Blo Norton, in Norfolk, farmer, and Thomas Hart,
of Wortham, in Suffolk, farmer, the trustees and executors therein
named, in the District Registry of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, in
the western division of the county of Suffolk, at Bury St. Edmund's,
on the 25th day of September, 1851, devised several inclosures of arable
and pasture land, in the county of Suffolk, constituting his residuary
real estate, to his wife, Charlotte Wilby, during her life, and from and
after her death (which event happened in the month of May last), the
said testator empowered his said trustees to sell his said residuary real
estate, and to stand possessed of the nett moneys to arise therefrom,
upon trust, for John Wilby, of 18, Hyde-park-square-mews, Padding¬
ton, London, cab proprietor; William Wilby, of 39, Devonshire-street,
Lisson-grove, Marylebone, London, cab driver; Maria Wilby, of East
Billaney, near Litcham, the widow of Isaac Wilby, deceased; Zacha¬
riah Flatman, of Palgrave, in Suffolk, labourer; Osborne Wilby, of
Bury St. Edmund's, ostler; Robert Wilby, of Palgrave aforesaild.
labourer; Louisa Jeffereys, of Stuston, in Suffolk, the daughter of
testator's sister, Elizabeth Flatman; Mary Ann, the wife of — Miller,
of 7, Portobello-terrace, Portobello-lane, Bayswater, London, omnibus
conductor: Charles Thomas, of 15, Douro-cottages, St. John's-wood,
London, butcher: Emma Maria Thomas, of the same place, spinster;
James Friston, of Fish Needham, in Norfolk, shoemaker; Esther
Eliza Alger, of the same place (the niece of testator's wife); equally,
and the said testator declared that the issue of any legatee or legatees
dying in his life time as being sons should attain the age of 21 years, or
being daughters should attain that age, or marry, should take by way
of substitution the share or respective shares only which the parent or
respective parents would have taken if living ; and whereas it is be¬
lieved that some of the abovenamed legatees are dead, and that others
are residing abroad. Notice is hereby given, that all the LEGATEES
now living and the issue or legal representatives of any legatee or lega¬
tees now dead, are required to apply at the office of Messieurs Ashurst,
Morris, and Company, 6, Old Jewry, London, solicitors, or at the office
of Mr. J. C. Brook, of Diss, in the county of Norfolk, solicitor, to es¬
tablish their claims to the moneys to which, under the said will, they
may be entitled as aforesaid. —Dated this 11th day of November, 1869.
ASHURST, MORRIS, and Co., 6, Old Jewry, London,
Agents for J. C. Brook, Solicitor, Diss, Norfolk.
VICE-CHANCELLOR JAMES: Mr. Farrer for
Mr. Leach, Regr., 1869, C. No. 199.—Wednesday, the 3d day of
November, 1869.—Between Thomas Challis, Thomas Matthewman
Challis, and Alfred Wilberforce Challis, plaintiffs; John Robert
Stevens, William Robert Wilkinson, David Harries, and William
Lavers, defendants.—Upon motion this day made unto this Court by
counsel for the plaintiffs, who alleged that the plaintiffs have filed
their bill in this Court against the defendants, and that it appears by
the affidavit of Michael Roberts, filed the 2d day of November, 1869.
that the defendant Wm. Lavers has been within the jurisdiction of
this Court within two years next before the filing of the said bill, and
that all due diligence has been used to serve the said defendant with a
copy of the said bill but without effect, and that upon inquiry at the
usual place of business of the said defendant, where at the time when
the said bill was filed he might probably have been met with, he could
not be found so as to be served with a copy of the said bill, neither
could the place of residence of the said defendant be ascertained, and
that there is just ground to believe that the said defendant William
Lavers has absconded to avoid being served with such copy, and upon
reading the said affidavit; This Court doth order that the nefendant
WILLIAM LAVERS do APPEAR to the plaintiffs' bill, on or before
the 3d day of December, 1869, and that the plaintiffs do serve a
printed copy of the said bill, having an indorsement thereon in the
form prescribed by the Act of Parliament in that behalf, together
with a copy of this order, upon the said defendant, by leaving the same
at Lavers' wharf, Nine-eims, Vauxhall, in the county of Surrey; and
that the plaintiffs are to cause a copy of this order, together with a
notice thereof to the effect set forth at the foot of the 10th of the
Consolidated orders, Rule 6, in that behalf to be inserted in the
London Gazette within 14 days from the date hereof, and in The Times
newspaper and the Daily Telegraph newspaper respectively, on or
before the 17th day of November, 1869.—Entd., E. A.
Notice.—William Lavers, take notice, that if you do not Appear
pursuant to the above order, the plaintiffs may enter an appearance
for you, and the Court may afterwards grant to the plaintiifs such
relief as they may appear to be entitied to on their own showing.—
Dated this 8th day of November, 1869.
WILLIAM HENRY ROBERTS, Plaintiff's' Solicitor,
46, Moorgate-street, E.C.
ONE POUND REWARD.—MISSING, since 8th
November, JOHN MUNNINGS, age 70, height 5ft. 5in., thin
figure, white hair and whiskers, eyes brown, fourth finger on right
hand stiff, dressed in dark clothes, soft, felt hat. The above reward
will be paid by the Rev. Francis Garden, 64, Victoria-street, to any
person giving such information as shall lead to the recovery of the
above person. Information to Superintendent Williamson, Detective
Police office, Great Scotland-yard, London, S.W.—November 13 1869.
GREAT NORTHERN HOSPITAL, Caledonian¬
road. N.—The Secretary ACKNOWLEDGES, with grateful thanks,
the FIRST HALF of a £10 NOTE (Woburn post mark) for this useful
Chan.
THE COMMITTEE of the POOR CLERGY
RELIEF SOCIETY ACKNOWLEDGE, with very sincere
thanks, a munificent DONATION of £1,000, paid in to the credit of
the Charity by D. G. F., at the London and Westminster Bank, St.
James's-square.—Offices, 36, Southampton-Street, Strand, W.C.
LOST, between Pembridge-villas and the Lock Hos¬
pital, a LADYS GOLD WATCH and CHAIN, TWO POUNDS
REWARD will be given to anyone who takes the same to 9, Ken¬
sington-park-road, Notting-hill.
LOST, on the 13th inst., in the neighbourhood of the
Bank of England, a CHEQUE for £2,374 10s., drawn on Messrs.
Williams, Deacon, and Co., payment of which has been stopped. Any
person taking the same to Ambrose Smith, stockbroker, 5, Angel¬
court, Throgmorton-street, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, a GOLD ENGLISH LEVER WATCH,
with centre seconds, and Albert chain. The watch by Benson,
No. 7,400. Any one taking the same to F. C. D., Bedford Hotel,
Covent-garden, shall receive TEN GUINEAS REWARD.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, a BUNCH
of KEYS, between Cork-street. Burlington-gardens, and across
Regent-street to Warwick-street, on Monday, Nov. 15. Apply at Han¬
nell's, grocer, 35, Davies-street, Berkeley-square.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a £20
BANK of ENGLAND NOTE, No. 41364. Payment stopped.—
John M. Geary, 65, Aldersgate-street, E.C
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
evening, the 7th inst., a BLACK MOROCCO DESPATCH
BOX, in a brown leather cover. Both box and cover marked
"E. A. C." Supposed to have been left in a first class carriage be¬
tween Kingston and Waterloo. Any person taking it with its con¬
tents to 15, Chesham-street, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
afternoon, near the Cloister door of the nave, Westminster
Abbey, a SABLE MUFF. Whoever will take it to the porter's lodge,
at the entrance to the Oloisters, shall receive the above.
TWO POUNDS REWARD. LOST, in an Omnibus,
on Thursday evening last, about 5 o'clock, between Fleet-street
and Charing-cross, a DIPLOMA of FELLOW of the ROYAL COL¬
LEGE of SURGEONS, belonging to Edward James Shearman, of
Rotherham. Whoever will take it to Mr. James, Morley's Hotel,
Trafalgar-square, shall receive the above reward. No higher reward
will be offered, as it is of no use to any one but the owner.
STOLEN BONDS.—Notice is hereby given, that
information has been received from Madrid this morning of the
fonlowing BONDS having been STOLEN:—
Consolidated Internal Three per Cent. Spanish Bonds,
Reales Vellon.
Series A. Nos. 4,796 4,797
50,914., 3 Bonds of 1,000 each
Series B. Nos. 5,326

15,648., 3 Bonds of 5,000 each
18.880
Series C. Nos. 7,006
13,831; 5 Bonds of 10,000 each
13,882.
20,839
Series D. Nos. 21,026
26,461
36,455., 3 Bonds of 20,000 each

23,378
25,919
25,920
25,921.

25,024.
25,923
25,925 ;14 Bonds of 50,000 each
29,086

28,972
28,574

Series F. Nos. 4,845
11,350.
11,749
5 Bonds of 100,000 each
18,983 29,069
Internal Deferred Three per Cent. Spanish Bonds.
Series A. Nos. 1,411 3,385
5,284 17,793 27,287. 5 Bonds
Series B. No. 7,750.

Bond

Scries D. No. 2,850
I bnd
Any information respecting the above Bonds may be given to Messrs.
C. de Murrieta and Co., 7, Adam's-court, Old Broad-street,
London, Nov. 12, 1869.
STRAYED, from 1, Cadogan-place, Sloane-street, a
WHITE POMERANIAN DOS, on the 13th instant. Whoever
will restore him to the owner shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
FORTY POUNDS REWARD.—To Bankers, Mer¬
chants, Blll Discounters, and other.—Notice is hereby given to
REFU—E the undermentioned BILLS of EXCHANGE, if they are
offered in payment or for discount. These bills, endorsed in blank,
and enclosed in an envelope, addressed to the Director of the Societé
Generale, were lost at Marscilles last Wednesday, the 10th instant, by
the clerk of Messrs. N. and N. Tarrazi, of that place. Notice has
been given to the drawees to refuse payment of the same, and a reward
of 1,000f, is promised to whoever will restore them to Messrs. Tarrazi.
Amount.
Particulars of Bills.
Fr. 5,000 No. 3882, drawers, Stef Agrati, de Beyrout; drawee, A.
M. Dromocalti; order, Tarrazi, Freres, et Tyan; due
Jan. 22.
9,000 No. 3885; drawers, H. Amzalak et Ce., de Jaffa; drawee,
A. Fine et Ce.: order, D. J. Picclotto due Jan. 18.
10,000 No. 3888; drawers, A. H. Tabet et Co., de B
rout;
Jrawee, Societé Marseillaise; order, N. et N. Tarrazi;
due Jan. 22.
5,000 No. 3890; drawers, Cyp Laugler, de Marscille; drawce,
Cyp Laugier; order, N. et N. Tarrazl; due Jan. 29.
5,000 No. 3894; drawers, Jullland et Guiol, de Marseille
drawce, Jullland et Guiel; order, N.et N. Tarrazi;
due Jan. 29.
6,753 15 No. 38.5; drawers, A. Guis et Co., de Marseille; drawee,
A. Guis et Ce. ; order, N. et N. Turrazl; due Jan. 31.
8,278 15 No. 3896 ; drawers, A. Guis et Ce., de Marseille; drawce,
A. Guis et Ce.; order, N. et N. Tarrazl; due Jan 31.
B. 0 50.
FOUND, on Saturday, at the Opera, an UM¬
BRELLA. Owner can have it on application to W. Jackson,
essrs. Rivington's, 3, Waterloo-place, Pall mall.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Stock.—Applica¬
tion having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £300 Consolidated £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of SOPHIA WARD, of
Iver, Bucks, widow, and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed since the 5th July, 1859;—Notice is hereby given that,
on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to Rev. William
Sparrow Ward, acting executor of Sophia Ward, widow, doceased,
who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner ap¬
pear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £1,069 2s. 2d. New £3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of Rev. CHARLES
WHATELY, of Minchinhampton, Glocestershire, and JOHN
JAMES, of Wrington, Somersetshire, gentleman, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1859;—
Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon Paid, to John James, the survivor, who has claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his claim thereto.
NOTICE.—The OFFICERS of the 99th REGI¬
MENT hereby give notice, that they will NOT be ANSWER¬
ABLE for any DEBTS contracted by their MESSMAN.
G. R. HARVEY, Captain and P.M.C.
Fort Grange, Nov. 11th, 1869.
GEORGE GLOVER, hereby give notice of the

decease of my father, JAMES-GLOVER, and all parties having
any CLAIMS remaining unsettled are hereby requested to send the
same to me, residing at No. 2, Bird Cage-walk, Hackney-road, on or
before Tuesday, 23d day of November, as no further notice can be
taken of the same after that day.
(Signed) GEORGE GLOVER.
Witness—E. Bird.
NEXT of KIN.—A large BOOK, full of Advertise¬
ments and Names enquiring for Next of Kin, Heirs, and Legatees
Wanted to claim deceased relations' effects, that have appeared ir
The Times, also country and colonial newspapers fo
the past 50
years, sent post free for 12 penny stamps. By FISHER and SON,
publishers, Blomfield-street, Kingsland, London. Established 1847.
SCOTTISH RECORDS.—JAMES PATERSON,
Searcher of Records, 5. Blackwood-crescent, Preston-street, W.,
Edinburs.
