IIDA, remember you have always a fast friend in
Tommy.
THE STORM at APPENWEIR.—Go. Go. Go.
She whom you met at Heidelberg has seen Her. You may trust
WILL F. T. I., who left her home on the 18th of
August, WRITE to her friends, immediately ?—W. A. I.
TO G. C. B.—A public exposé may yet be prevented.
G. Q. has come up to town, and is anxious to see you. SEND
your ADDRESS immediately to him at Johnson's, 17, Catherine¬
t Strand, London, and all may yet be well.
LETTER RECEIVED. Never mind iliness. You
must comply with the wish last expressed— the only thing left—
then I will tell you all. All are well ; and things with me would be so
too if you would but grant me my only and last wish. Then write all
—
INNAN-LODGE, Brighton.—I wish you many
—
more peace than in the days when we hoped to make happiness for our¬
selves, in spite of unalterable external conditions.—C. B. Thislought
to have appeared on the 24the.
TO the BRITISH PUBLIC.—As it is intended in
the next Session of Parliament to bring forward three measures
of REFORM in the CRIMINAL LAW, i.c., the Bill of 1864, for a new
trial on the merits, as emanated from the present Lord Chief Baron
for the abolishing or remodelling of the institution of the Grand Jury,
as a secret tribunal, and for constituting a malicious prosecution penal,
the legal profession in its widest sense and the public in general are
invited to express their views, in writing, for or against either of the
proposed enactments, addressed to Mr. Albert Henry Elworthy, solici¬
tor. 2, Crown-court, Threadneedle-street
s,
of Grosvenor-square since Friday, the 21st inst., a YOUNG
LADY 17 years of age (looks older), luxuriant brown hair, coffee¬
coloured eyes, rather thick lips, and rosy complexion; was dressed
when last seen in black silk dress and jacket, with broad sash, and silver.
bonnet with pink flowers; linen marked "Cora W....
INFORMATION of her whereabouts to be given to Mr. Pollaky, pri¬
vate inquiry office, 13, Paddington-green, W.
LOST, on Thursday, near Vauxhall Railway Station,
ee
to 5, The Lawn, South Lambeth, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS RE¬

LOST, SHARE CERTIFICATES, COPIAPO
RAILWAY COMPANY.—Whereas 15 Share Certificates of
this Company for £500 each, and bearing the numbers of 4391 to 4400,
cememmdieensgese
proprietor of the same has applied to the Board of Directors to issue
other certficates of the same tenour and value in lieu thereof
Notice is hereby given, in accordance with the statute of the Com¬
pany in such case made and provided, that, from and after the lapse
of one calendar year from the date of this advertisement (in the mean¬
while the certificates so lost not appearing, and during which period
the payment of all dividends accruing on the said shares is suspended),
the Directors will proceed to issue new certificates to replace those
lost, which will thereby become invalid and of no effect.
T. TUILEY and SONS, Secretaries to the Local Board.
No. 44. Brown's-buildings, Liverpool, Aug. 26, 1868.
TWO HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—LOST,
7th June last, between Bishopsgate-street and the Elephant and
Castle, a PARCEL, containing 42 £20 notes of the Bank of England,
and eight £100 notes. The numbers are known, and payment has
been stopped. Apply to Mr. Chandler, solicitor, 2, Bucklersbury, E.C.
IF the SETTER, left by Mr. Charles Duppa with
Mr. Harrison, of Melton-street, Euston-square, in June, 1867, is
NOT CLAIMED within 14 days from this date, it will be SOLD to
defray expenses.—29th August, 1868.
NOTICE to TRADESMEN and others. —The under¬
signed, Sir John B. W. S. Gardiner,of Roche-court, near Farcham,
Hants, Bart, hereby gives public notice, that no one has any authority
to pledge his credit, nor to incur any debt or liability in his name or

of any engagement unless authorized by himself. —Dated this 19th day

JOHN B. W. S. GARDINER.
CREW, ELIZABETH, Longford, Middlesex, widow,
deceased.—The CHILDREN of LUCY CE  
ah hear of some¬
thing to their advantage by an early APPLICATION to William
Wills, solicitor, Uxbridge.
NEEDHAM, 1, New-inn, 29th August, 1868.
NEXT of KIN (new edition, just published).—A
classified and descriptive INDEX (of 18,000 names guaranteed)
to advertissements for Next of Kin, Chancery Heirs, Legatees, &c., from
1760 to 1868, post free 30 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER, 17, South¬
ampton-buildings, Chancer-lane, London, W.C.
THE GOLD FIELDS of SOUTH AFRICA.—
The EXPEDITION forming to proceed to these mines, now
known to be the richest and largest hitherto found, will start in about

Parties wishing to join must make immediate application to the
undersigned,
August 25th, 1868.	ROBERT BABBS, 136, Fenchurch-Street,
London, E.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £36 New £3 per Cent
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of THOMAS CAFFYN,
of the Ordnance-office, Pall-mall, gentleman, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 10th October, 1857;—
Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid, to Letitia Milner, widow, surviving Executrix of Thomas
Caffyn, deceased, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
TO JARVIS GOODLAD, formerly of Sheffield, in
the county of York, or his Representatives.—Whereas John Good¬
lad, late of Sheffield, in the county of York, died on the 11th day of
June, 1867, having by his will, dated the 2d day of March, 1867, ap¬
pointed Edward Saville Foster, of Sheffield aforesaid, accountant, and
Matthew Hirst, of Sheffield aforesaid, market inspector, his executors,
and having by his said will given to his executors the sum of £120, to
be held upon trust for his (the testator's) son, Jarvis Goodlad, provided
he should claim the same, in person, or by writing under his hand,
within two years after his (the testater's) decease, but not otherwise;
and upon trust, if the same should not be claimed by his (the testator's
said son as and within the time above mentioned, for certain other
persons in the said will named; Notice is hereby given, that the said
LEGACY will, at the expiration of two years from the decease of the
said testator, be paid to the other persons entitled thereto under the
said will, in the event of the same not being claimed by the said Jarvis
Goodlad or his representatives within the time and in manner in the
said will mentioned.

W and B. WAKE, Solicitors, Sheffield.
August 24, 1868.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT for DIVORCE and
AMATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To JOHN ARCHIBALD STEN.
NETT, late of the city of Chester.—Take notice, that a CITATION,
bearing date the 13th day of August, 1868, has issued under the seal of
Her Majesty's Court for Diverce and Matrimonial Causes, at the in¬
stance of Isabella Elizabeth Stennett, of Lower High-Street, Wednes¬
bury, in the county of Stafford, citing you to appear in the said court
within eight days of the service thereof, then and there to answer her
petition filed in the said court praving for a dissolution of her mar¬
riage, and such citation contains an intimation that, in default of your
so doing, the Court will proceed to hear the (said petition proved in
due course of law, and to pronounce sentence therein, your absence
notwithstanding. — Dated this 13th day of August, 1868.
H. L. STRONG, Registrar.
W. H. DUIGNAN, 57, Chancery-lane, Middlesex, Solicitor

ADISSOLUTION of PARTNERSHIP having
taken place between Messrs. KEY and BUSH, Surgeons, all
debts due to the firm are to be paid to Mr. Key, 20, Warwick-street,
gent-street.
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Queen
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONLY
ADDRESS is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—The CISTERN and other FILTERS,
officially adopted by Government for the Abyssinian army, the
iron-plated ships, barracks, military stores, &c., and so bighly spoken
of by Dr. Frankland during the late visitation of cholera (See The
Times, Oct. 24th, 1866), can only be obtained at ATKINS', 62, Fleet-st.
CAUTION.—Betts' Patent Capsules.—The public
are respectfully cautioned that BETTS PATENT CAPSULES
are being INFRINGED by importations from abroad. Betts' name
is upon every capsule he makes for leading merchants at home and
abroad.—1, Wharf-road, City-road, London, April 8, 1868, and Bor¬

CAUTION.—The PATENT PORTABLE SIX¬
POWER TELESCOPE, to suit the various states of the atmo¬
sphere.—The public is respectfully informed that all the above Tele¬
scopes bear the name of S. and B. SOLOMONS, No. 39, Albemarle¬
street. Piccadilly, with the word Patent and No. engraved thereor
PROCEEDINGS will be in
diately taken against any one IN¬
FRINGING the said PATENT
CAUTION.—SILVER FIR FURNITURE, by
HOWARD and SONS.—It having come to the knowledge of the
undersigned that polished deal is frequently substituted and sold for
the above, they beg to caution all persons against the same. Furniture
of this elegant wood being now manufactured by steam power, although
of the best possiblequality, is supplied at a moderate cost, and specimens
may be inspected at the show rooms of Howard and Sons, 26 and 27,
Berners-street, Oxford-street, W.
CAUTION.-REGISTERING THERMOMETER.
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA's PATENT SELF-REGISTERING
THERMOMETERS, which have received prizes in London and Paris,
and are in use at all the principal obcervatories, are only to be had at
Messrs. Negretti and Zambra's establishments. The public are CAU¬
TIONED against imitations and persons representing themselves to
be N. and Z.'s agents or travellers.—Negretti and Zambra, Hatton-¬
garden, Cornhill, Regent-street, Fleet-street, and Crystal Palace.
CAUTION.—Water Filtration.—To prevent mis¬
takes the public are informed that the latest patent filter in
general use is the DANCHELL PATENT CISTERN FILTER
(patent sealed Sept. 29, 1863), which has superseded all others (vide Pro¬
fessor Frankland's reports to the Registrar-General, July, 1866, and Nov.,
1867½, insuring as it does a constant supply of the purest water without
filling or any attention whatever. Can be rented if preferred in London,
and can only be had in London of the LONDON and GENERAL
WATER PURIFYING COMPANY, 157, Strand, four doors from
Somerset-house.
CAUTION to the CIGAR TRADE. —LAFERME's
RSS o


ledge o e e
thell of Administration of the abover
ae d cigarette
manufactory that some
rsons ar going about soliciting shopkeepers
to have the old box
eplenished with an inferior kind of cigarettes,

ten e e



said cigarettes; No o.
RY BENEDICTU
HE

Commer.

al-street, N.E., Lonn.
acting for the proprietor
 e
taeicigee
manufactories, hereby warns shopkeepers
aned deale

e seives liable to be proceeded against
sell
 in a Ferme's boxes any hur the geneue
article, and he will
nard
te e e e to
bern.
toe n n to justicethe

real ones are to be h a d we e e e

aedictus, address
bove.
This warning is published
Dresden, th 
day of June, by the
ouen i o du i is t atio n o f th e e.
ecigarettes manufactory at
t Petersburg, Moscow, Warsaw, and Dresden.
MISREPRESENTATION.—The TEN GUINEA
SUITES, in 18 carat gold, machine made, as advertised, are only
to be procured at 37, Conduit-street, Bond-street. Mr. STREETER
finds it necessary to make this announcement, as sets of ornaments,
stated to be of his manufacture and of 18 carat gold, are now being
offered to the public, whereas, they are in reality of a much inferior
quality. Purchasers, especially in the provinces, are therefore cau¬
ioned to have the quality of the gold stated on their invoice.—
HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co. now Edwin W. Streeter), 37, Con¬
duit-street, five doors from Bond-street.
NOTICE.—The GLADSTONE BAG, invented and
perfected by FISHER, of the Strand. We are informed that
inferior imitations of this article are offered for sale. Buyers are re¬
quested to notice that the genuine Gladstone Travelling Bag is stamped
in gold, in a garter, Fisher, 138, Strand.
NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs respectfully to inform ber customers and ladies of the nobi¬
lity her establishment will in future be CLOSED at 5 o'clock on Satur¬
days.—92, Regent-street,
MONOGRAMS by CULLETON:—Quarter ream
of Paper and 125 high-flap Envelopes, stamped with monogram
four colours, and sent to any part, for 5s. 6d. No charge for die.—
Culleton 25, Cranbourn-street, corner of St. Martin's-lane.
MONOGRAMS (MOURNING STATIONERY), at
HENRY RODRIGUES', 42, Piccadilly.—Black bordered note
paper and envelopes of every description, also overland paper every
width of border. Memorial Cards and Return Thanks of the newest
patterns. Notepaper and envelopes stamped in black relief, and illu¬
minated in a superior manner, at Henry Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly, W.
MONOGRAMS.—HENRY RODRIGUES re¬
spectfully solicits an inspection of his novel and beautiful
DESIGNS, Steel dies engraved as gems, and notepaper and envelopas
stamped with arms, coronet, crest, or address in colour relief, and
elegantly illuminated in the highest style of art. A great variety of
clever, quaint, and comic monograms. Stationery of every descriptien
of the very best quality, at Henry Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly W
JONOGRAMS (PARKINS and GOTTO's).
Sketches of Monograms, arms, crests, and addresses by the first
artists, and dies cut in the best style at half the usual charges (remain¬
ing the property of the customer). No charge made for plain stamp¬
ing. Colour stamping reduced to 1s. per 100. Illuminated stamping at
very reasonable prices, 130 hands being employed on the premises,
orders are executed with great care and despatch.—Parkins and Gotto,
Nos. 24, 25, 27, and 28, Oxford-street, London. N.B. Nine large show
rooms, containing 10,000 presents, consisting of dressing cases, bags,
writing cases, and
other useful articles. Illustrated catalogue post free.
WORTH ATTENTION.—ATHENAEUM CAL¬
CULATING MACHINES (DUNLOP's), Honourable Mention,
Paris Exhibition, 186.
For offices, schools, and shops.
"Excellent
apparatus." — London Review. 5s. per post.—NISSEN and PARKER,
No. 43, Mark-lane, L ondon.
HYDROMETERS and SACCHAROMETERS.—
LOFTUS, maker to the Revenus of the United Kingdom,
REMOVED to 146, Oxford-street, W.
