S. R. to A. D.—CALLfor LETTERS at the M.....n

BRUSSELS, Florence, Naples.—Why do the photos
still linger? Will you not favour me with a souvenir to hang with
the sheaf? Hope all's well.
MAJA (somewhere between D. and L.)—The train I
travelled with between L. and Klosterbrunnen having capered off
the line a distance of 97 lengths of rail (without killing me, however)
prevented me reaching the place of our appointment in time. I am
now once again safely in London.—24-8-71.—POLLAKY
AUGUSTUS DONALD MACKEY (son of James
Henry Mackey, East India merchant, of London), who left Liver¬
pool on the 11th August, 1853, in the Great Britain, for Melbourne, is
anxious to HEAR from any of his RELATIONS or FRIENDS. Ad¬
dress A. D. Mackey, post-office,  ankarooka, Darling River, N.S.W.
NEXT of KIN. — Whereas KIRKMAN TOSSWILL,
formerly of London, in the county of Middlesex, mariner, who
left England for Adelaide, South Australia, in or about the year 1848,
and resided there or thereabouts until the year 1859, and has not been
heard of by his relatives since the Royal Charter was lost in the same
year. Now this is to request all persons who may have any CLAIM
on the ESTATE of the said KIRKMAN TOSSWILL as next of
kin, or who may possess any information as to his decease, or other¬
wise, to apply to Thomas Guscotte, solicitor. New City Chambers,
No. 121, Bishopsgate-street within, London, E.C.—Dated this 16th day
of August, 1871.
ERCHANT SEAMEN'S ORPHAN ASYLUM,
Suaresbrook.—The Secretary begs to ACKNOWLEDES with
thanks the RECEIPT of £5 5s., contributed towards the funds of this
Institution by the passengers, officers, and crew of the Charlotte Glad¬
stone, per favour Cap. Fox.—Office, 132, Leadenhall-Street, E.C.
LOST, a DIAMOND CLUSTER RING, on Tuesday
evening last, between King's-cross and Aldersgate-street, on Me¬
tropolitan Line, or in the neighhourdood of Aldersgate and Chiswick.
If found a handsome REWARD will be paid by H. P., 4, Ropemaker¬

LOST (ONE POUND REWARD), on Wednesday,
August 2d, a PLAIN GOLD BRACELET, set with carbancle in
centre, either in Crystal Palace or on the line from there to Kew¬
gardens Station. The finder shall receive the above reward on restor¬
ing it to the Station Master at the above station.
ONYX NECKLACE LOST, at or near to the Albert¬
hall or in the Horticultural-gardens—a Necklace, composed of
three rows of onyx and gilt beads, with snap. A REWARD of TWO
GUINEAS will be paid to any person restoring the same to the Lost
Property-office, West Wing International Exhibition, Kensington, W.
CAUTION.—To Foreign Bankers, Merchants, &c.—
LOST, or miscarried, during transmission from London to Milan,
a LETTER containing TWO CIRCULAR NOTES of Messrs. Coutts
and Co, for £50 each, Nos. 96322-3, dated 3d July, 1871, and payable to
Monsieur Joaquim de Mattos Vieira; and all persons are hereby can¬
tioned against negotiating the same, payment having been stopped.
Any person who may be able to give information respecting the missing
letter and notes is requested to communicate with Messrs. Darthez,
Brotherr, 15, Austinfriars, London.
FOUND, a large, BLACK NEWFOUNDLAND
DOG. If the owner will apply at 3, Davies-mews, Berkeley-square,
he can have the same by paying the expenses
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £1,433 7s. 5d. Reduced £3
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of Rev.
CHARLES AUGUSTUS FOWLER, of King's Kerswell, Devon, and
Rev. GEORGE POWELL, of Clapton, Middlesex, and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the divi¬
dends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1859;
—Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three montus
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Divi¬
dends thereon paid, to Rev. Charles Augustus howler and Rev. George
Powell, who have claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BAHIA DOCKS.—Transiation.—Manoel Jeronimo
Ferreira, Secretary of the Municipal Chamber of the Capital of
the Province of Bahia, ex-Lientenant-Colonel Commander of the 43d
Corps of Patriot Volunteers, decorated with the medals of the War of
Indopendence and of the Paraguay campaign by His Majesty the Em¬
peror Don Pedro II., &c.
I certify that in the Act of the Session of the Municipal Chamber of
the 18th July of the current year, 1871, appears a decision of the Com¬
mittee of Justice, which was approved, to the following effect: The
owners of the shores of this city, from the Custom-house to the
station at Jequiatia, appeared to protest before this Chamber against
the Decree No. 4,665, of the 15th of February of the current year, by
which the Govermnent conceded to the Bachelos Francisco Ignacio
Ferreira and Mancel Jesuino Ferreira a privilege for the construction,
either by themseives, or by means of a Company which they migbt
organize with a capital fund of eight thousand contos of reis, of docks,
warehouses for the receptiom-storage, and delivery of goods, and other
improvements in the port of this city, and they hase their protest
among other considerations which they set forth—Firstly, on the inordi¬
nate nature of the said decree, seeing that the authority conferred
by DecreeNo. 1,746,on which the said decree was founded, was restricted to
the construction of such docks and warehouses for the storage and recep¬
tion of import and export merchandise, but the said decree went much
further than this, as appears from the nith condition, number six, per¬
mitting the widening, by means of embankments faced by walls and
quays, of that part of the lower city between the Praga do Commercio
and the aforesaid station.
Secondly, on the mamifest violation by the said Decree No. 4,695 of
the other imits first article, first paragraph, by the omission of the pre¬
vious presentation of the plans of the contemplated works and of their
subsequent approval, in order that the concession might take place
afterwards; an omission which was contrary to the express stipulations
of the sixth condition.
Thirdly, on the preference shown to the said concessionaires
over the landowners without any reason whatsoever, seeing that the
latter had been the first to apply for the said undertaking, having
made the necessary plans and estimates, and even undertaking to pro¬
duce further plans if the Government should have thought it desirable;
and,
Lourthly and finally, on the injury which the said decree does to
rights alreally acquired by them, the landowners, who, as proprietors of
large and important establishments, such as wharves, warehouses, and
others of a similar nature for the free landing and shipment of
goods, have long had a right to the preference of the beach fronting
their establishments, as is decreed by all the laws which touch on this
matter, among them, by the law of twenty-second February, 1868,
Article 16, in violation of which the said concession was made, granting
furthermore the power of requisitioning land in despite of the supreme
law of the State, Article 179, paragraph 22, without its being required
for the public benest, but only for the benefit of a private undertaking.
which could be better and more promptly carried out by the land¬
owners themselves, who dispose of larger means without offending the
rights of any one.
The Committee, in view of such legitimate reasons set forth
by the landowners, cannot but acknowledge the right and justice
with which their protest is made; and, as it is equally patent
that the rights of this Chamber with regard to the said concession, re¬
specting which it was never consuited, as was indispensable according
to existing laws, have been ignored, the Committee is of opinion that
this Chamber should take a part in the protest on its own benalf, and
make a note to this effect in the minutes of its proceedings, to be after¬
wards laid before the proper authorities, appealing against the con¬

Bahia, 18th July, 18710.
(Signed) FRANCISCO JOSE PEREIRA d'ALBUQUERQUE.
Approved.—The above is true, and to serve wherever it may be needed
I have had this Certificate drawn up at the effice of the Mumclpal
Chamber of Bania on the 26th July, 1871.
Bahia, 26th July, 1841.
I had it written.
The Secrete.
(Signed) MANOEL JERONIMO FERREIRA.
Stamp, Rs. 400.)
I certify that the foregoing signature of Manoel Jeronimo Ferrcira is
of the own true and proper handwriting of the same Secretary to the
Municipal Chamber of this city, entitled to full faith and credit. An
Act whereof being requesten of me, I have granted this under my hand
and seal of office at Bahia this 26th day of July, 1871.
L. S.
(Signed) JOHN MORGAN, Cousul.
——
AZENBYS HARVEYS SAUCE.—In Chancery:
William Lazenby v. John Atkinson White, carrying on business
under the style of Marshall and White, at Tavistock-house, Covent¬
garden.—Notice is hereby given, that a Decree for a PERPETUAL
INJUNCTION was, on the 15th day of November last, GRANTED
by the Master of the Roils (which has since been coubrined on appeal
by the Lords Justices), restraining the derendant, his servants, and
agents from selling any Harvey's Sauce not made by the plaintiff, and
purporting to be the original Lazenby's Harvey's Sance, and from pub¬
lishing any advertisement representing the defendant to be the pro¬
pristor of the original Lazenby's Harvey's Sauce, and from selling any
sauce purporting to be Harvey's Sauce, prepared by Elizabeth Lazenby
and Sons, or by any successor to E. Lazenby and Sons, or at 6. Ed¬
wards-street, Portman-square, London, or contained in botties to
which any labels are affixed similar to those used by the said William
Lazenby, or so expressed as by colourable imitation or otherwise to re¬
present the sauce sold by the defendant to be the same as the Harvey's
Sauce prepared and sold by the said William Lazenby; and notice is
hereby further given, that legal proceedings will forthwith be taken
against all persons who, after the date hereof, shall in any similar man¬
ner infringe the rights of the said William Lazenby, the successor to
E. Lazenby and Sou, of 6, Edwards-street, Portman-square, now
No. 92, Wigmore-street, London.
C. F. SMITH, 15, Golden-square, Plaitiff's Solicitor.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENRY and SON, bears
the label, used so many years, signed "Ehizabeth Lazenby."
CAUTION.—CHUBBS LOCKS and SAFES can
bobtained in London only from Chubb and Son, makers to the
Queen and the Bank of England, 57, St. Paul's churchyard, E.C.
CAUTION.—VOIGTLANDENS OPERA and RACE
GLASSES.—The public is cautioned that Mr. CALLAGHAN is
the appointed SOLE AGENT for the above.—23, New Bond-street,
cerner of Conduit-street.
CAUTION.-WOOD TAPESTRY DECORATIONS
(HOWARDS PATENT, No. 2,138).—All persons are cautioned
against making or purchasing IMITATIONS.—25, 26, and 27, Berners
street, Oxford-street, and Cleveland Worke.
CAUTION.—TOULMIN and GALE beg to give
notice that they hare NO AGENTS for the SALE of their
PATENT INDIAN DESPATCH BOXES, Travelling Bags, Dressing
Cases, &c. The same can only be obtained at their manufactory, 89
and 86, Cheapside, and west-end branch, 7, New Bond-street.
CAUTION.—T. SHIPWRIGHT (late Clements and
Shipwright), Court Hairdresser, 10, Tichborne-street, Regent-street,
finds it necessary to caution his customers and the public against ad¬
vertisements and circulars which mislead. He has not removed nor
sold his business, which is open as usual from 9 a.m until 8 p.m.
CAUTION.—Messrs. HANCOCKS and Co.,
Goldsmiths, Jewellers, and Silversmiths to the Queen, the Prince
and Princess of Wales, and the principal Courts of Europe, &c.,
regret being compelled to CAUTION the public that their BUSINESS,
established by Mr. C. F. Hancock, is only CARRIED ON at the same
address, Nos. 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—Betts' Patent Capsules.—The public
are respectfully cautioned that BETTS PATENT CAPSULES
are being INFRINGED by importations from abroad. Betts' name is
upon every capsule he makes for seading merchants at home and
aproad.—1, Wharf-road, City-road, London, April 8, 1869, and Bor¬
deaux, France.
CAUTION. —Cholera, Fevers, &c., are free
quently propagated by impure water, which is the state of all water
in cisterns. This is entirely remedied by using the CISTERN FILTERS
supplied by the LONDON and GENERAL WATER PURIFYING
COMPANY (Limited), requiring no attention (and which in London
can be rented if preferred). For prospectuses, &c., apply to the Secre¬
tary, 157, Strand, W. C., four doors from Somerset-house.
CAUTION.—Numerous errors having occurred in
consequence of parties being misled by an office in the immediate
vicmity having assumed as nearly as possible our title, we beg the
ublic to observe tuat the CONTINENTAL DAILY PARCELS
EXPRESS, the only correspondents for England of the Belgian State
Railway and the German Federal Post, is at 53, Gracechurch-Street,
two doors from the National Provident lastitution
CAUTION.—RED HEART RUM.—The public are
CAUTIONED against IMITATIONS of this celebrated SPIRIT.
Owing to its having been found so eminently successful as a preventive
of cholera and diarrhoa, this caution is rendered necessary. Each
bottle of the genuine is labelled and the corks and capsules are
branded Chief London agent, J. G. TURNEY. 61, King William¬
street, city.
CAUTION.—FREDK. EDGINGTON, marquee
tent, rick-cloth, and tarpaulin manufacturer, son and successor to
Thomas Edgington, the founder of the businees at foriginal address)
No. 244, Tooley-street, in 1865, begs to inform the public he is now the
only living representative, and has no connexion with any house
carrying on a similar business under the name of Edgington. Be parti¬
cular. Fredk. Edgington and Company, rick-cloth, &c., manufacturers
to Her Maiesty, 52 (only) Old Kent-road, London, S.E.
CAUTION.—Edgington.—BENJAMIN EDGING¬
TON, the marquee, tent, rick cloth, and fiag manufacturer, by
special letters of appointment to H.M. the Queen and H.R.H. the
Prince of Wales, originally established in Tooley-street, berore the
building of the present London-hroge, begs to call attention to the
fact that he has but one establishment, viz., that at 2, Duke-street, at
the Surrey foot of London-oridge, opposite the entrance to the nailway
stations. The establishment at 32, Charing-cross has been closed for
some 10 years, and he has now no west-end establishment. Letters
should be addressed with Christiau name in full, Benyamin Edgington,
No. 2. Duke-street, London-bridge.
WELLUM-WOVE CLUB-HOUSE NOTE.—The
public are CAUTIONED against the many worthless imitations
of this incomparable paper.—PARTRIDGE and COOPER, manufac¬
turers and sole vendors, 192, Fleet-street, corner of Chancery-lane.
PEPSINE.—The public are CAUTIONED against
IMITATIONS of MORSON's PEPSINE. This preparation (in
its three forme) is issued with cur labels, name, and address, and is
that which is recommended by the medical profession.—Thomas Mor¬
son and Son, Nos. 31, 33, and 124, Southampton-row. Russell-sq., W. C.
ASES, Tazze, Fountain Basins, Statues, Pedestals,

&c., in red and buff terra-cotta, in great variety. Warranted to
stand frost.—J. M. BLASIIFIELDS, 28, Berners-street, Oxford-street,
W. Works. Stamford.
