R.—Full and particular INFORMATION RE¬
QUIRED immediately.
OH.  BEA.., late of George Town,
Demerara (Essequibo), and now supposed to be in Australia, is
requested to COMMUNICATE with Mr. Pollaky, Private Inquiry-¬
office, 13, Paddington-green, where he will hear of a friend.
ANAGEMENT.—Just missed you here in town.
Been here two months—(little man) dangerously ill. As at
present fixed, shall see you in May, as I seem necessary to them. Ad¬
dress to me till (Resuscitation), care of Mr. Reeves, 21, Little Knight¬
rider-street, E.C.
THE DESCENDANTS (if any) of the late WM. G.
SIMPSON, of Boston, United States, are requested to COMMU¬
NICATE b letter, post paid, to Clement Hugh Hill, Esquire, barrister¬
at-law, Boston, U.S.A.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. —LOUIS
LACOUTURE, for many years in the employ of Mr. Peter
Berger, of No. 21, Hatton-garden, in the county of Middlesex, manu¬
facturer and importer of watch materials, having absconded, and a
warrant for the apprehension of the said Louis Lacouture for utter¬
ing a forged cheque having been granted, the above reward will be paid¬
by the said Peter Berger to any person who shall give such information
as shall lead to the apprehension and conviction of the said Louis
Lacouture. Louis Lacouture is about 33 years of age, 5ft. 7 or 8 inches
high, dark complexion, beard and moustache, and slightly bald.
All persons are cautioned from taking, receiving, negotiating, or deal¬
ing with any cheques, bills, or notes purporting to be made, drawn, or
signed by the said Louis Lacouture per pro Peter Berger. Informa¬
tion to be given to the Superintendent of the G Division of Police, at
the Police Station, Bagnigge-wells-road, in the county of Middlesex;
and to Messieurs James, Curtis, and James, 23, Ely-place, E.C., soli¬
citors for the said Peter Berger.
LOST, in the afternoon of April 3, from 20, Upper
Wimpole-street, W., a WHITE MALTESE DOG; answers to the
name of "Prin." Anybody bringing the same to the above address
will be REWARDED.
LOST, a GOLD GENEVAWATCH, between Har¬
ley-street and Vere-street, W., on Wednesday morning, the 27th
day of March. If the same is brought to No. 16, Vere-street, a hand¬
some REWARD will be given.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a YELLOW
LEATHER HATBOX, Left in a Hansom, on Sunday night, at
Southbank, St. John's-wood. The above reward, if taken immediately,
to 124, Marylebone-road.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LEFT in a CAB, on
Tuesday night, April 2, a SMALL, 12-LENS FIELD GLASS,
with sun shade (green morocco, in folding case), by Steward, 406,
Strand. A gentleman afterwards took the cab from Farringdon-street
to Gower-street, in consequence of an accident on the Metropolitan
Railway. Whoever will bring the glass to the hall porter, Charing¬
cross Hotel, shall receive one pound reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, between York¬
and Park-street, on Wednesday morning, a GOLD
GENEVA WATCH, with a locket attached. Whoever will bring the
same to 11, York-street, Portman-square, shall receive the above re¬
ward.
THREE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, on Wed¬
nesday afternoon, March 27, in Porchester-terrace, Bayswater, a
very small, light-coloured, long-haired TERRIER. Answers to the
name of "Dot." Whoever will bring the same to 43, Porchester-ter¬

THIRTY POUNDS REWARD.—Maltese Cross
Lost.—LOST, on the 23d of Febr
last, at a party at the resi¬
dence of the Earl of Derby, a MALTESE CROSS, consisting of nine
large and a number of small diamonds. Information to be given to
Messrs. London and Ryder, Court jewellers, New Bond-street (by
whom the above reward will be paid), or to Inspector Thomson, De¬
tective Police, Scotland-yard.—2d April, 1867.
WATCH LOST—a small green enamelled watch,
set with diamonds in the back. Whoever has found the same
and will bring it to 12, Lansdown-terrace, Notting-hill, shall be hand¬
somely REWARDED.
BANK of ENGLAND. — Unclaimed Dividend.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the payment of one Dividend on the sun of £3,000, Re¬
duced £3 per Cent Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of Rev.
GEORGE WYLD, of Speen, near Newbury, Berks, deceased, and
which Dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt, in consequence of its having remained unclaimed
since the 5th April, 1837;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expira¬
tion of three months from this date, the said Dividend will be Paid to
George Heneage Walker Heneage and Rev. William Thomas Wyld, two
of the executors of the Rev. George Wyld, deceased, who have claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £219 11s. 2d., Consolidated
£3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of HENRY
LEMAN, of Lincoln's-inn-fields, gentleman, THOMAS RICHARD
BRISCOE, of Green-street, Bethnal-green, corndealer, and CHAR¬
LOTTE ROCKE, of Mare-street, Hackney, widow, deceased, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consquence of the
dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th January,
1851; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid to Henry Leman and Thomas Richard Briscoe, the sur¬
vivors, who have claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—In pur¬
suance of an Order of the Court of Chancery, dated the 23d
February, 1867, and made in the matter of the Act 56th Geo. III., cap.
0, and "Exparte Edward A. Sanford and others," the officers of the
Bank of England are directed to re-transfer from the Commissioners
for the Reduction of the National Debt the sum of £266 13s. 4d. Con¬
solidated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name
of RICHARD WOOD, of Hollin Close, York, Esq., Sir JOHN
CHICHESTER, of Youlton, Devon, Bart., and THOMAS PALMER,
of Carlton, Southampton, Esq., and which was transferred to the said
Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends thereon having re¬
mained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1813; Notice is hereby given
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Frederick Henry
Wood and Anne Eliza Wood, widow, the persons named in the said
Order, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his claim thereto.
PERSONS of the NAMES of ABBOT, Adams,
Allen, Ash, Arlington, Barker, Bennet, Bentham, Blaxland,
Booth, Bowtell, Boys, Brockholes, Budd, Burchmore, Butterfield,
Chettel, Chetwode, Child, Clayton, Clegg, Cochran, Cockshutt, Coffin.
Crawley, Crespigny, Crompton, Crowle, Danson, Dawes, Maltby, and
Trott are hereby informed that some important INFORMATION con¬
terbing those familles, and fwnickronraysbo-very- grettly-to their ad¬
vantage, will be found in the 16th number of RESEARCHES RE¬
SPECTING FAMILY HISTORY, price 5s., or sent free for 62 post¬
age stamps. Address J. H. Fennell, 49, Millbank-street, near the
Houses of Parliament, S.
OVEREND, GURNEY, and Co. (Limited).—To
Unregistered Transferrees.—The advertiser purchased shares a
few days before, and executed the transfer on the 9th May last. The
stoppage occurring, the transfer could not be registered. The trans¬
ferror applied to have his name taken off the list of contributories, but
abandoned those proceedings and filed a bill for indemnity against
calls. Counsel advises that there is a good defence, but the trans¬
ferree's interest being small, and the case being put forward as a re¬
presentative one, gentlemen in a similar position are invited to COM¬
MUNICATE, by letter, with B. W., care of Mr. Skinner, law sta¬
tioner, 16, Took's-court, Chancery-lane, E.C.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To LEWIS HARRIS, of 39, Market¬
square, Hanley, in the county of Stafford.—Take notice, that a CITA¬
TION, bearing date the 17th day of October, 1866, has issued under
the seal of Her Majesty's Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes,
at the instance of Alice Phobe Harris, of No. 12, Chapel-Street, Edg¬
ware-road, in the county of Middlesex, citing you to appear in the said
Court within eight days of service thereof, then and there to answer
her petition filed in the said Court, praying for a dissolution of her
marriage; and such citation contains an intimation that, in default
of your so doing the Court will proceed to hear the said petition proved
in due course of law, and to pronounce sentence therein, your absence
notwithstanding. — Dated this 25th day of March, 1867.
— A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
DOG LICENSE.
Inland Revenue, Somerset-house, London, April 4, 1867.
THE Commissioners of Inland Revenue give
notice that, from and after the 5th of April inst., every person
keeping a dog is required to pay a license duty of 5s. for each dog.
The penalty for keeping a dog without license is £5.
The person in whose custody, charge, or possession, or in whose house
or premises any dog shall be found or seen, is deemed to be the person
who keeps such dog, unless the contrary be proved.
Post-office orders or postage stamps for the duty may be remitted to
the collectors of Inland Revenue, at Somerset-house or Tower-hill, or
Gresham-house, Old Broad-street, with a statement of the name and
abode of the applicant, on receipt of which a license will be forwarded,
Forms of application may be obtained at any post office,
Licenses may be obtained in London and its vicinity at the following
places.
WM. CORBETT, Secretary.
Somerset-houseCollector's office
 Tower-hillCollector's office
Gresham-house, Old
Collector's office
Broad-street 
Mile-endSurveyor's office, 118, Mile-end-road
Dalston.. Surveyor's office, 2, Alma-villas, Dalston-road
Islington 
Inland Revenue-office, 6, Pullen's-row
Highgate and Hamp¬) Surveyor's office, 21, Harrington-street,
Hampstead-road.
Stead
Paddington.Surveyor's office, 18, Paddington-green
Kensington0
Surveyor's office, 25, Upper Phillimore-place
VauxhallSurveyor's office, Hanover-place, Clapham-rd.
Camberwell.
Inland Revenue office, 95, Hill-st., Peckham
Southwark:
Surveyor's office, 47, Tooley-street
No. 43, Somerset-street, 1.
Surveyor's office.
Portman-square
ST. PANCRAS, Middlesex.—NAMES of PERSONS
who have been TWICE CONVICTED by the Inspector of
Balances, Weights, and Measures for the said parish. Published by
the Vestry, as required by the 36th sec. of the Act, 59 Geo. III.,
cap. 30, viz.:—
James Horne, 157, High-Street, Camden-town, butcher. Date of
conviction, 5th March, 1867. Scales 5 drams against purchaser.
Second offence.
Henry Miller, 48a, Rochester-road, Kentish-town, marine store
dealer. Date of conviction, 5th March, 1867. Scales 1 oz, against
seller. Second offence. Further conviction, 12th March 1867. Scales
defective in every respect, and telling against seller 4 oz.; also defective

By order FRAS. PLAW, Vestry Clerk.
Vestry Offices, St. Pancras, 3d April, 1867
UNITED PARISHES of ST. MARY SOMERSET
L
and ST. MARY MOUNTHAW, in the City of London.—Union
of Benefices Act, 23 and 24th Vict., cap. 142.—Notice is hereby given
that in accordance with the provisions of the Act of Parlament, 23d
and 24th Vict., cap. 142, the REMAINS of all PERSONS interred in
or under the Church of St. Mary Somerset, in the city of London, and
the tablets or monuments erected to the memory of any person in the
said church, will be shortly REMOVED. The heirs, executors, ad¬
ministrators, relations, or friends of any such persons interred have
the eption of removing the remains of such persons, under proper
directions, immediately after the 30th of September next, to any con¬
secrated churchyard or burial ground, and also of removing such
tablets or monuments to any place they may think proper. The ex¬
penses of such removal, not exceeding £10, are, under the said Act of
Parliament, to be paid by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, out of a
fund to be provided for by them.
In the event of no notice being received by the undersigned Church¬
wardens, on or before the 5th day of June next, from the heirs, exe¬
cutors, administrators, relations, or friends of such persons, of their
wish to the contrary, the remains of such persons will be carefully re¬
moved from the said church to the cemetery at Ilford, under proper
superintendence, on or about the 1st day of October next. The tablets
and monuments will be also carefully removed to the Church of St.
Nicholas, Cole Abbey, in the said city of London.
Dated this 3d day of April, 1867.
JAMES TERRY, Jun., 2, Old Fish—
street-hill, E.C.
Churchwardens of
HENRY W. COCKING, 41, Upp e,
St. Mary Somerset.
Thames-street, E.C.
GEORGE RAYMENT, 4, Broken
Churchwarden of
wharf, Upper Thames-street, E.C.
St. Mary Mounthaw.
ROYAL UNITED SERVICE
INSTITUTION,
Whitehall-yard.—The Institution will be CLOSED to Visitors
on Monday, the 8th, and Re-opened on Monday, the 22d inst. The
library and reading rooms will be open to members as usual.
By order of the Council.
April 5, 1867.
B. BURGESS, Captain, Secretary.
ROYAL BLACKHEATH GOLF CLUB.—The
SPRING MEDAL will be PLAYED FOR on Saturday, the
13th inst, at 1 o'clock. A Meeting will be held at 12 o'clock the same
day on the business of the Club. The Dinner will be at the Trafalgar
Hotel, Greenwich, at 6 o'clock, J. L. Bennet (the Captain) in the Chair.
Club-house, April 2, 1867.
THOS. CROSSE, Hon. Sec.
SATURDAY HALF-HOLYDAY.—Messrs. DE¬
BENHAM and FREEBODY beg respectfully to intimate to their
customers and the public that their ESTABLISHMENT CLOSES on
SATURDAYS at 2 p.m.—Wigmore-street and Welbeck-street, W.
SATURDAY HALF-HOLYDAY.—MARSHALL
and SNELGROVE beg respectfully to intimate that their
BUSINESS PREMISES are now CLOSED on SATURDAYS at TWO
MOCLOCK. In order to faciitate and extend this movement, it is
hoped that ladies will supply their wants on Saturdays prior to the
hour fixed for closing.— Vere-street and Oxford-street, March, 1867.
PECIAL NOTICE.—WALTER CARSON and
SONS beg respectfully to inform the nobility and gentry that their
SOLE ADDRESS is La Belle Sauvage-yard, Ludgate-hill, their old
premises having been required for city improvements. Price lists for
1867, post free, on application.
MESSRS. SWAN and EDGAR, with a view to re¬
move all misapprehension as to their HOUR of CLOSING of
SATURDAYS, beg to announce that they have adopted FOUR
o'CLOCK on that day, all the year round, as the hour best adapted to
the convenience of the public and to promote the interests both of em¬
ployers and employed.—32 to 53, Rezent-street, and 9 to 11, Bicgadilly
