A.—BWU will MEET you at H. any day.
O.
Write to H.	s three days before.
J. H. .G, who left Bristol on or about
the 13th of August, is earnestly requested to WRITE his
uncle full PARTICULARS of what he left in the office, &c.
L.E. D.—Dear Joe, —You can have an appointment
in a colony or in France, or be put forward respectably in any
ou prefer. Your mother is seriously affected. RETURN or
COMMUNICATE before the consequences are more serious.
THE Late Sir HENRY PELHAM.—The party
who in the latter part of last year advertised in America for the
HEIR of Sir HENRY PELHAM is requested to send his address, with
a copy of the advertisement referred to, to Messrs. Boydell and Powell,
solicitors, Chester.
YSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARED, since Wed¬
nesday, the 9th inst., a GENTLEMAN, about 30 years of
age, 5 feet 9 inches high, pale complexion, blue eyes, straight black
hair, long thin black whiskers, dressed in black frock cout, vest, and
trousers, black silk necktic, turn-down collar, diamond ring on right
hand, signet ring with bloodstone on left, gold watch with gold face,
and gold curb chain. Was last seen in the Haymarket, about 12 on
the night of the 9th, in company with a tall female, habited in dark
dress, black and white plaid shawl, white fall with black spots. In¬
formation to Charles Frederick Field, late chief inspector of metro¬
politan detective police, Private Inquiry-office, 20, Devereux-court,
Temple. — September 16, 1863.
LOST, a TAME HAWK. Whoever will bring the
same to 7, Sutherland-gardens, Maida-vale, shall receive ONE

LOST, on Tuesday last, a GOLD BRACELET,
either at the Crystal Palace, in the railway, at the Victoria Sta¬
tion, or in a cab between that and the Great Western Hotel. TWO
GUINEAS will be GIVEN if brought to the Great Western Hotel.
LOST, on 8th inst., in the city, a small, long-haired,
WHITE BITCH, slightly tinged with colour on back and ears;
named "Rosy." ONE POUND REWARD will be paid on restora¬
tion next door to the Cricketer, Putney Lower-common.
LOST, on Tuesday last, supposed at the Crystal
Palace, a GOLD OVAL LOCKET, containing a portrait of a
eman. Any person having found the same and will bring it to
Mrs. Hatchett, 131, Great College-street, Camden-town, shall be RE¬
WARDED.
LOST, in the evening of Tuesday, 15th, between the
Ro  
et-street, a POCKET-BOOK, containing
pers
and letters of no value but to the owner, one letter containing cheque
of £10, which is stopped. Whoever will bre
the san
to the
dress
of the letters enclosed shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, on Thursday afternoon, Sept. 10, between
3 and 4 p.m., by a lady, a DARK-GREEN LEATHER PURSE
with elastic band; containing £2 10s. in gold, about 15s, in silver, a
list of children's ages on black-edged paper, two of Marshall and Snel¬
grove's bills, with sundry other memoranda of no use to any but
the owner. TWO POUNDS will be GIVEN to any one restoring the
full amount to No. 1, Bathurst-street, Hyde-park. A larger amount
will be given if returned immediately.
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, Aucust
16, in or near the Victoria Station, a BUNCH of KEYS. Apply

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, near Regent¬
circus, Oxford-street, or in a Stratford omnibus, a GOLD
BROOCH, with three loops and blue stones in the centre. Whoever
will bring it to Mr. Reed, 5, Great Portland-street, W., shall receive
the above reward.
THREE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, between
Whitchall-gardens and the Horticultural-gardens, or at the
lower show on Wednesday, the 9th inst., a GOLD and PURTLE
ENAMEL LOCKET SEAL, with a pink drop, and white and red
onyx stones, engraved with arms on one side, and ABC on the other
attached to a goid chain. Whoever will laring the same to C. F. Han¬
cock, 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street, shall receive
the above reward for the locket, and an additional reward of £2 for the

FOUND, FOUR AMERICAN BANK NOTES,
which will be delivered to owner upon giving description thereof.
—Ship Tavern, Greenwich.
ETROPOLITAN POLICE-OFFICE.—
STOPPED, when offered for sale, on the 14th inst., a GOLD
LOCKET, oval shape, set with a number of small diamonds and lapis
laguli; the back blue enamel; four gold ovals forming a cross on both
sides: opens to contain hair. Application to be made at the Police

ILL or CODICIL of Captain GEORGE
STEVENSON.—To Solicitors and others.—Any person who
may have prepared, or may have in his possession any WILL or
CODICIL of later date than the 12th of August, 1852, of Captain
GEORGE STEVENSON, formerly of Grafton-street, Bond-street,
London, and late of Brunswick-square, Brighton (who died at Brighton
on the 25th of July last, is requested to commuuicate immediately with
Messrs. Simpson and Dimond, solicitors, 10, Henrietta-street, Caven¬
dish-square, London.
GRIMBLE and Co.—Notice.—An advertisement
having appeared in the Merning Advertiser newspaper, of the
8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, and 12th days of September instant, stating that
Mr. Thomas Herbert Edmands, describing himself as the late acting
partner of the above firm of Grimble and Co., had ceased all connexion
with the said firm, and that at an early date he would wait on the trade
for orders, as negotiations were then waiting completion prior to his
joining another firm, and also in reference to certain circular letters
issued by William Hay and the said Thomas Herbert Edmands;
the public are respectfully informed that his Honour the Master of
the Rolls has directed an INJUNCTION to be awarded and issued out
of the High Court of Chancery against the said WILLIAM HAY and
THOMAS HERBERT EDMANDS, restraining them or either of
them, or by any other persons or person by their order from collecting
or receiving any book debts or book debt or other debts or debt or sums
or sum of money whatsoever, due or owing to or in respect of the trade
or business lately or at any time carried on by them or either of them, at
the distillery or premises, in Albany-street, Regent's-park, in the
county of Middlesex, under the name or firm of Grimble and Co., and
also restraining the said Thomas Herbert Edmands from carrying on
or being concerned efther directly or indirectly in any distillery or busi¬
ness of the same kind as that at the date of the agreement of the 27th
day of July, 1863, being the agreement for sale and purchase of the said
distillery carried on by them the said William Hay and Thomas Her¬
bert Edmands. The public will therefore take notice that all outstand¬
ing debts are to be paid to the present firm. —Dated this 12th day of
September, 1863.
WALTER and MOOJEN, Applicant's Solicitors,
No.8, Southampton-street, Bloomsbur.
GAUTION.—Messrs. CARTWRIGHT and
BROWNE, the old-established Surgeon-Dentists, 22, Fleet-street,
being informed that some parties of the Jewish persuasion are travel¬
ling about the country from town to town using their names, beg to
inform the public that they are not of the Jewish persuasion them¬
selves, and have no connexion with the parties using their names;
their only professional place of business being 22, Fleet-street, near the
Temple.
PECIAL NOTICE.—The FOREIGN VINE¬
YARD ASSOCIATION (Limited). Joint-Stock Company re¬
gistered in 1854.—The Directors find it necessary to CAUTION their
friends and the public that the only offices in London of the above Com¬
pany are at 190, Regent-street, W., and that the Association has nocon¬
nexion with any company or establishment trading under titles closel
resembling the above. All communications to be addressed to W. H.
PALMER, Manager of the Foreign Vineyard Association, 190, Re¬

THE METROPOLITAN SCHOOLS of ART,
at 43, Queen-square, Bloomsbury, for FEMALE CLASSES only;
Spitalfields, Crispin-street; Finsbury, William-street; St. Thomas's,
Charterliouse, Goswell-street; Rotherhithe, Grammar School, Dept¬
ford-road; St. Martin's, Castle-street, Long-acre: Lambeth, St.
Oswald's-place; Hampstead, Dispensary Building; Christchurch, St.
George's-in-the-East; and St. Mary's, Hide-place, Vincent-square,
Westminster, will RE-OPEN on Thursday, 1st October. The New
Training Schools, at South Kensington, will be Opened on the 5th
October. For information respecting fees, &c., apply at each school;
or to the Secretary, South Kensington Museum, W.
By order of the Lords of the Committee of
council on Education.
AUDI, Vide, Tace.—In consequence of Mr. Pollaky's
unavoidable departure from England, his OFFICE will be
CLOSED until the 26th inst.
PRIVATE INQUIRY-OFFICE, established 1852,
at 20, Devereux-court, Temple, under the direction of CHARLES
FREDERICK FIELD, late Chief Inspector of the Metropolitan De¬
tective Police. Inquiries made for noblemen, gentlemen, solicitors,
railway and insurance companies, divorce cases, &c. Immediate com¬
munication can be made with this office by the wires of the London
District Telegraph Company and its 300 branches.
PHRENOLOGY.—A truly skilful and candid
analysis of the mental organization of the young may be of the
deepest importance in their education and destination. Dr. DONOVAN
brings to the practice of this science many years' experience.—111,

Strand, W.C.
OPERA, Race, and Tourists' GLASSES in alu¬
minium, one-third the weight of brass, of high power and perfect
definition. Tourists' and deer-stalking telescopes of the same mate¬
rial, and of the very best make.—SMITH, BECK, and BECK, No. 31,
Cornhill, E.C. (late 6, Coleman-street).
OPERA and FIELD GLASSES. —NEGRETTI
and ZAMBRA warrant their glasses as unrivalled for brillancy,
power, and definition up to 10 miles range, 21s. and 42s. complete, in
case.—1, Hatton-garden; 59, Cornhill; 122, Regent-street; and
Crystal Palace, Sydenham. Illustrated list per post,
PERA, Race, and Tourists' GLASSES, in great
variety.—The Messrs. SOLOMONS' PATENT NEWLY-IN¬
VENTED TINTED SPECTACLES are patronized by the majority of
the nobility, including Viscount Palmerston. They give extraordinary
relief to weak, dim, and defective vision. The adaption of spectacles
to imperfect vision by experienced persons is, indeed, of vital import¬
ance. One of the firm, who has had great experience and practice,
attends to this branch only.—39. Albemarle-street, Picead.
OPERA, Race, and Field GLASSES, in every
variety of form and mounting, matchless for great magnifying
power and sharpuess of definition. Prices from 30s. each, at CALLA¬
GHAN's, 23A, New Bond-street, W., corner of Conduit-street. N.B.
Sole agent for the celebrated race and field glasses made by Voigtlan¬
der, Vienna. Field glasses made expressly for India, warranted to
withstand the greatest tropical heat. The new aluminium mounted
glasses (as made for H.R.H. the Prince of Wales), though of the
largest size, weigh but a few ounces.
EYZOR and BENDON's two-guinea BINOCU¬
LAR FIELD, Riffe, or Opera GLASS. The extraordinary
power of this instrument renders it adapted to define objects distinctly
at 10 miles distance, is suitable for the theatre, race-course, target
practice, sportsmen, tourists, and general out-door observations.—
No. 50, High Holborn, London, and country agents. Illustrated price
list of optical and mathematical instruments for two stamps.
THE GLORIES of the HEAVENS seen distinetly
by a NEW TELESCOPE, for £5, which will also distingnish
the features of a man four miles, and time by a church clock 10 miles.
This instrument is equal in the most important respects to telescopes
costing £70. Persons are invited to apply for a diagram, with other
particulars and numerous testimonials. Sent free.—S. and B. SOLO¬
MONS, 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly. Powerful pocket opera, field,
and general out-door day and night glasses.
ADMIRALFITZROY's STORM BAROMETERS.
—NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA have supplied the whole of these
splendid instruments to the Board of Trade, the Royal National Life¬
boat Institution, and Meteorological Society. Particulars by post.
—No. I. Hatton-garden; 59, Cornhill: and 122, Regent-street. Admiral
Fitzroy's Manual for Foretelling the Weather, by post, 6d.
POCKET BAROMETER, Compass, and Thermo¬
meter, all in one, the size of a watch, for telling the weather, the
heights of mountains, direction of winds, and temperature of the air.
Guaranteed for 12 months. Price £4 15s., sent free.—S. and B. SOLO¬
MONS, opticians to the Government, 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
ELLIOTT, BROTHERS, Opticians to the Royal
Family and Government, beg to give notice that they have
REMOVED from eo
porary premises, in Charing-cross, to
No. 449, Strand, opposite the Railway.
BURROW's three-guinea TELESCOPE for RIFLE
PRACTICE possesses great power in a very handy form. Used
with the greatest success to diagram the shooting at Wimbledon during
the meeting of the National Rifle Association. This is the most per¬
fect rifleman's and tourist's telescope, and can be strongly recom¬
mended. Address W. and J. Burrow Malvern, London agents, B.
Arnold, 72, Baker-street; Wales and McCulloch, 56, Cheapside, and
Ludgate-street.
PHOTOGRAPHIC TINTING. —A lady, experi¬
enced in the above art, on receipt of carte de visite (with de¬
scription) and eight stamps, guarantees superior and expeditions tint¬
tnen v ignotte size, 12 stamps. Cartes coloured throughout for 1s. 6d.
—Miss Green, Cribb's, stationer, Westbourne-grove, W.
PORTRAITS, 25 for 2s. 6d.—By sending vour carte
de visite and 32 stamps, 25 MEDALLION PORTRAITS will
be returned elegantly mounted, or 12 exact copies of the Carte
Visite, post free, with the original enclosed. Address FRED. MOORE,
photographer, 30, Norfolk-street, Strand.
PORTRAITS, 25 for 2s. 6d.—The BRITISH and
FOREIGN PHOTOGRAPHIC COPYING COMPANY.—15
full-size copies of cartes de visite carefully executed and mounted for
33 stamps, or 25 medallions for 32 stamps. Send yourcarte de visite
which will be duly returned with the copies, post free. Address H. K.
Dixon, Manager, 223, Strs.

PHOTOGRAPHY—Noblemen and gentlemen
having collections, are informed that Mr. DAV
street, Berkeley-square, has every facility for COPYING WORKS of
ART. Mr. Davis restores and copies faded daguerreotypes, enlarges
cartes de visite, and paints them in oil or water. Oil paintings or large
photographs reduced to album size.—35, Bruton-street, Berkeley-sq.
RE. CHAPPUIS, Reflector Patentee and Photo¬

grapher, 69, Fleet-street, E.C.
