RAVAY.—Telegraph from Paris on arrival. Some
one from London will meet you at the Grand Hotel.—John
on, Private Inquiry-office, 20, Devereux-court, Strand
MR. RICHARD GODIN is requested to COM¬
MUNICATE immediately with the firm in the city, about the
pressing matter on which he called on them a few months ag
IF GEORGE BARWICK, carpenter, who lately lived
mewhere in the neighbourhood of Fitzroy-square, will COM¬
MUNICATE his ADDRESS to Mr. E. LIo
solicitor, Leominster,
may HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE
WILLIAM HARVEY, formerly resident at Fal¬
mouth, in the county of Cornwall, and late a petty officer
(Boatswain's Mate) on board Her Majesty's ship Skipjack, who was
discharged from the said ship at Jamaica, on the 12th of August, 1835,
will HEAR of SOMETHING greatly to his ADVANTAGE, by apply¬
ing to Messrs. Jennings and Son, proctors and solicitors, of 18, Ben¬
nett's-hill, Doctors'-commons, London, and any person who can give
any information about the said William Harvey, and whether he is alive
or dead, will be rewarded by communicating with the said Messrs.
Jennings and Son.
JOHN DENNIS.—The said JOHN DENNIS when
a lad resided at the Hermitage at Brompton, and aftewards was
groom or stablekeeper at some livery stables at Knightsbridge or
Piccadilly. If he is still alive he is requested to APPLY to the under¬
signed in reference to a legacy to which he has become entitled.
W. A. SMITH, 90, Denbigh-Street, Pimlico.
LOST, on Tuesday evening, at Cremorne, a THREE¬
STONE DIAMOND RING. Whoever will take it to Mr. Corbyn,
nanager of Cremorne, shall receive TEN POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, a BLACK RETRIEVER BITCH, marked
with white on the breast and off fore paw, coat rather ragged.
Whoever will bring the same to 126, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square,
shall receive ONE POUND REWARL
LOST, on the 14th inst., between St. James's-hall
and Piccadilly-circus, or Left in a Waterloo omnibus, a BLACK
EACE SHAWL. Whoever will bring the same to 11, Francis-street,

LOST on Monday last, in the city, a GOLD
LOCKET, containing miniature portrait of a lady. TWO
GUINEAS REWARD will be paid to any one restoring it to Mr.
Gilbert, 18, Gracechurch-street E.C.
LOST, on the 19th inst., by a lady driving between
the west end and Park-crescent, a BROWN LEATHER PURSE,
with gilt edge and clasp, containing gold and silver money, a chequ
(stopped at the bank), and some memorials of children. FIVE
POUNDS will be PAID on restoration, with contents, to the gate
keeper, at Rutland-gate, Hyde-park, S.W.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, at Eton,
on June 4th, a CROSS of MALTESE GOLD. Address F. W.,
ost office Wokingham
FIVE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday,
the 8th inst., at the west end, a GOLD TRINKET, consisting of
seven oval lockets, containing hair, and attached to a short neck chain.
Apply to Messrs. Mudie and Sons, 15, Coventry-street, Haymarket, W.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on Monday
last, at the Crystal Palace, a BLACK JET BEAD CHAIN and
DOUBLE GOLD EYEGLASS. Whoever will bring the same to
Lovegrove and Flint, stationers, 9, Nalkin-street west, Belgrave-square,
shall receive the above reward.
FAN LOST, at Horticultural Conversazione, on Tues¬
day last.—If the lady who took a SPANISH FAN off the re¬
freshment counter by mistake will kindly leave it at the Secretary's
office, South Kensington, she will much oblige, the owner, who prizes
it beyond its actual value, as it was a present to her.
TO CABMEN.—FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—
LEFT in a four-wheel CAB, taken on Saturday, 16th inst., from
Hyde-park-square to Prince's-square, Bayswater, a BAND-BOX.
Whoever will bring the same, with all contents, to 31, Prince's-square,
shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday
morning last, June 16th, in Hyde-park, a CRYSTAL LOCKET.
containing hair, with monogram "E. F. E." on it; had a small gold
chain attached. Whoever has found the same, and will bring it to Mr.
Blackburn, 25, Motcomb-street, Belgrave-square, shall receive the above
reward
WANTED, the present ADDRESS of one of the
THREE PERSONS named below, the addresses there given
being those in use by the parties in 1847 :—John Walker, Exeter-hall
Hotel, 375, Strand; William Francis, jun., 33, Upper Seymour-street,
Portman-square; William Sheall
9. Stanhope-place, London. Any
one of these persons will be REWARDED on sending his address to
Messrs. J. and R. Williams, solicitors, Beaumaris; or Messrs. Bloxam,
Ellison, and Bloxam, 1, Lincoln's-inn-fields, London.
THE OFFICERS of the ROYAL ENGINEER
MESS, Chatham, will NOT be RESPONSIBLE for any DEBTS
contracted without the written authority of the Mess Committee.
E. M. GRAIN, Capt. R.E., for the Mess Committee,
EA.—CAUTION.—The only authorized persons in
London for the engagement of seamen, apprentices, and boys are:
—The Superintendents of the Government Mercantile Marine offices,
Minories; Sailors' Homes, Dock-street and Poplar; and the licensed
Government agents—Messrs. Suckling and Co., 11, America-square,
Minories; and Messrs. Besant and Co., 84, Lower Thames-street. Any
other person (except the shipowner, master, or mate, or the bona fide
servant of the owner) providing berths for any seaman or apprentice
will be liable to a penalty of £20 for each offence. Information to be
given to the Registrar-General of Seamen, 6, Adelaide-place, London¬
ridge.
LOFFICES of the CROWN AGENTS for the COLONIES,
Spring-gardens, London, June 20, 1866.
THE Crown Agents for the Colonies having been
dvised by the Governor of Mauritius that several TEN SHIL¬
LING NOTES of the series numbered 353,001 to 362,000 of the Com¬
missioners of Currency of that Island, which were surruptitiously
ABSTRACTED from the wreck of the steamer Athens, wrecked in
Table-bay harbour, on the 17th May, 1865, have recently been trans¬
mitted from this country to the colonial banks to be cashed, the public
are hereby CAUTIONED against receiving or otherwise negotiating
any of the said notes, the signatures to which (if any), although pur¬
porting to be those of the Treasurer and Auditor General of the Colony,
being forgeries.
TO the DEPOSITORS, Creditors, and Sharcholders
of the AGRA and MASTERMAN's BANK (Limited).—Gentle¬
men who are willing to join a provisional committee, now being formed
in London, with a view to advancing the interests of those who have
suffered by the suspension of the abovenamed Bank, are requested to
COMMUNICATE their names and addresses to Messrs. Dubois and
Maynard, Church-passage, Guildhall, E.C.
BRITISH CHESS ASSOCIATION. —The Members
of this Association will hold their CONGRESS at St. James's-¬
hall, Regent-street, on Friday, Saturday, and Monday, the 22d, 28d,
and 25th instant. The grand match for the Challenge Cup will be
played: and consultation and club matches contested on the Satur¬
day and Monday. The General Meeting will take place on Monday
evening, Lord Lyttelton in the chair. For members tickets, admitting
to the whole proceedings, apply to the Manager of the British Chess
Association, at the hall.
IFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 310.—
Winscott Farm, in the parish of Pyworthy, Devonshire.—In the
matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby
given, that on the application of JOHN MILL, of Pyworthy, in the
county of Devon, farmer, the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry
intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the date hereof,
to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE, for the residue of a term
of 1,000 years, from the 13th January, 1802, the TENEMENTS called
or known as Winscott Farm, in the parish of Pyworthy, in the county
of Devon, containing 128a. 0r. 17p. or thereabout, in hand, abutting to¬
wards the east and part of the south on the river Deer, and which said
tenements were formerly known by the names of Winscott Home,
Living Fowler's or Vowler's Justment, Cornish and Beatys or Bettys
Justment, or some of them, and are delineated on the map No. 310,
deposited in the Office of Land Registry as part of the description of the
same tenements, and thereon edged with red, together with the mines
and minerals under the same. If any person objects to, or desires to
show cause against, such registration, or claims that the same should be
subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate
or incumbrance, charge, or liability, not already proved or ad¬
mitted before the Registrar should be entered on the register with
reference to such tenements, such person may be heard at the
Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time
before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the
date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit
or otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against, or to
make such claim in respect of such registration. But any person
desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in
writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and ad¬
dress thereto, in the Office of Land Registry before the expiration of
the said three calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise he
will be excluded from making the same. The said map of the
said tenements deposited in the Office of Land Registry may be
insuected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the
said three calendar months from the date hereof.—Dated this 22d
day of June, 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT Chief Clerk.
BRIDGES, SAWTELI HEYWOOD, and RAM, Solicitors to
the Applicant, 23, Red Lion-square, London, W.C.
PROOF of GUN BARRELS.—TEN POUNDS
REWARD.—The Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house
hereby give notice that on the 22d day of February last, Ludwig
Rosenthall (of the firm of Rosenthall and Osmond), of 132, Fenchurch¬
street, London, commission agents, was convicted before the presiding
Alderman, at the Mansion-house, in the city of London, of an offence
under the Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1855, by selling small arms, the bar¬
rels of which had not been duly proved and marked as proved under
the Act, and was fined in the mitigated penalty of £5.
(The small arms in respect of which this conviction was obtained
were muskets of Austrian make, which had been imported into this
country for the purposes of sale, without being proved in accordance
with the English law, but as the defendant pleaded ignorance and pro¬
mised not to offend again, a mitigated penalty only was imposed.)
Also, that on the 19th day of March last, Gustay Masu, of 3 A, Wig¬
more-street, Cavendish-square, London, gunmaker, was convicted be¬
fore Mr. Mansfield, Stipendiary Magistrate, at the Marylebone Police
Court, London, of an offence against the said Act, by selling a fowling¬
piece, the barrels of which were of Belgian make, and bore the Belgian
proof mark and no other, notwithstanding such barrels had a name
thereon purporting to indicate that they were of English make, whereby
they had become liable to the English proof and proof-mark, where¬
upon the mitigated penalty of £5 was imposed.
Also, that on the 17th day of May instant, George Grazebrook (of the
firm of Grazebrook, Son, and Co.), of 8, India-buildings, Liverpool,
merchants, was convicted before Mr. Raffies, Stipendlary Magistrate,
at the Police Court, Liverpool, of an offence against the said Act, by
selling 44 guns and three pistols of foreign make without any proof¬
mark, whereupon a penalty of £100 was imposed.
And the said Guardians further give notice that upon information
of any other person or persons in the like case or cases offending
against the provisions of the said Act, they, the said Guardians, will
prosecute, and upon conviction will pay a reward of £10 to their in¬

Information may be given at the Proof-house, in Banbury-street,
Birmingham; or to the undersigned, their law clerk.
By order.
WILLIAM S. ALLEN, 35, Waterloo-street, Birmingham, Law
Clerk to the Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house.

THE NEWCASTLE CUP.—Messrs. E. and E.
EMANUEL, silversmiths to Her Majesty the Queen and His
Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, invite an inspection of the above
Cup. ON VIEW, THIS DAY, at their London establishment, 1, Bur¬
lington-gardens, New Bond-street, W.
A CONFEDERACION SUIZA.—Messrs. A.
ALLONES and HERMANO, of Habana, exclusive manufac¬
turers and proprietors of CIGARS bearing the above brand or trade
mark, hereby give notice that they have determined to CEASE EX¬
PORTING them with the COUNTERSIGNS used by them previous
to this date, and that henceforward, in lieu of these countersigns, the
labels attached to each box will bear their own name of A. Allones and
Hermano, in addition to the aforesaid brand or trade mark "In
Confederacion Suiza." They beg likewise to inform consumers of their
cigars in Eurone that they have appointed A. Jimenez, of 23, Rood¬
lane, London, E.C., their special and exclusive consignee for the afore¬
said brand or trade mark, and any cigars purporting to bear the afore¬
said brand or trade mark, and not obtained from the said A. Jimenez,
will be regarded as fraudulent imitations. All persons who may be
desirous of satisfying themselves of the exclusive title which Messrs.
A. Allones and Hermano possess to the brand or trade mark "La
Confederacion Suiza" will receive ample information from the aloresaid
A. Jimenez; and it is hereby notifled that all imitators of this brand
or trade mark, and vendors of such imitated brand or trade mark, will
be proceeded against forthwith.
CAUTION.—Whereas it has come to the knowledge
ofE. BELL, of the Model Dockyard (by Royal Letters Patent),
No. 31, Fleet-street, that some persons are pirating his greatest no¬
velty out, viz, a BOAT, which is positively propelled by steam, price
3s. 6d., carriage free to any part of England:—He hereby warns all
such persons against any infringement whatever.
NOTICE.—S. FISHER, dressing-bag and portman
teau maker, of 188, Strand, respectfully informs the public tha
his ESTABLISHMENT will be CLOSED for business at 8 o'clock
during the months of June, July, August, and September.—188, Strand
NOTICE.—In consequence of numerous mistakes and
inquiries, PETER ROBINSON begs to inform his customers and
the public that for the future his MOURNING BUSINESS will be
conducted at the premises but recently completed—viz, 256, 258, 260,
262, Regent-street, and not, as formerly, at his coloured establishment,
Nos. 103 to 108, Oxford-street, W.
NOTICE.—WALTER CARSON and SONS
respectfully notify that they have REMOVED their OFFICES
to their warehouse in La Belle Sauvage-yard, Ludgate-hill (three doors
east of Railway Viaduct), and have discontinued their west-end esta¬
blishment, 31, St. James's-stre.
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Andi Vidi Tace.—13, Paddington-green, London, W.
PARIS.—PRIVATE INQUIRY-OFFICE, 20, De¬
vereux-court, Temple, and 78, Elizabeth-Street, Melbourne
Victoria. Established in London 1852. Inquiries made at home and
abroad for noblemen, gentlemen, solicitors, railway and insurance
companies.—JOHN SIMPSON
JESSRS. FORRESTER's INQUIRY-OFFICE,
No. 8. Danes-inn, St. Clement's, Strand, W.C. (under the direc¬
tion of Mr. John Forrester, late Principal Police Officer at the Man¬
sion-house, city of London). Important and confidential inquiries
made in England or abroad.
