UNC IATUM.
JAMES WILLIAM GUDGE.—Pray WRITE to
your MOTHER.
DEAR G. F.—If you see this advertisement, have
pity, and WRITE to your disconsolate wife, who now lies on a
sick bed, and who still places the same confidence in you that she
always did, and do think of the poor, dear children.
MISSING, since July the 4th, a YOUNG GEN¬
TLEMAN, age 19, height 5ft. 10, no whiskers, pale and thin
Dress—black suit, black hat, lace-up boots; linen marked "Gudge."
Any expenses thankfully paid by the parents. Information to be
given at the Marlborough-street or any other Police Station.
NOTICE.—f Mr. JOHN ALLEN CAMPBELL
will apply at  e
Hanover-street, Kingston, Jamaica, he
will HEAR of SOMETHING to his BENEFL
MACKENZIE.—WANTED, the ADDRESS of
DANIEL MACKENZIE, formerly of No. 29, Sirle-street, Dept¬
ford, London, agent. Apply to Mr. Henry Ridley, 104, Newgate-street,
Newcastle-upon-Tyne.
LEST LONDON COLLEGE, Bayswater. —Rev.
O. M. Davies begs to say that the ADVERTISEMENT which
appeared in The Times of yesterday for the SALE of this SCHOOL
was inserted without his authority, and is a pure FABRICATIC
e.
LOST, in Cavendish-square, a small DOG, with long
white hair feet clipped; name Tiney. Whoever will restore it
B. A., 31, Cavendish-square, shall receive a REWARD of TWO
GUINEAS
LOST, on Thursday, 13th inst., a DIAMOND
CLUSTER RING. n
toereturning the same will be
liberally REWARDED. Apply at L. Kyezor's, watchmaker, 46a, Edg¬
ware-road.
LOST, on Tuesday night, in Eccleston-square or
Clarendon-place, Hyde-park, a GOLD LOCKET, set with pearls,
containing hair. 

No. 1, Bathurst-street, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, at Richmond, a WHITE MALTESE TER¬
ER: slight brown spots on the back; answers to the name of
aMur." Whoever will bring,
at the Army and
Navy Club, shall receive TWO POUNDS REWARD. No further re¬
ward will be offered.
LOST, on Thursday, the 13th July instant, between
Fenchurch-street and the Bank of England, a POCKETBOOK,


luable only to the
owner. A REWARD of FORTY SHILLINGS will be paid to any
person bringing it to 31, Fenchurch-Street.
LOST (ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD), on Thurs¬
day, between 6 and 7 p.m., in New Bond-street, a small GOLD
LOCKET, containing a lock of hair, tied with blue riband.
hoever
will bring the same to Mr. Haseldine, goldsmith and jeweller, New
Bond-street, W., shall receive the above reward.
LOST, on the 24th of June, in a first-class Windsor
carriage, on the Great Western Railway (12,20 train), at West
Drayton, a PURSE (brown leather), with elastio band. Contents:—
a £5 Bank of England note (payment of which has been stopped), some
silver, and foreign postage stamps. Whoever has found the same and
will ferward it to W. T.,
care of Mr. Fraser, stationmaster, Uxbridge,
shall receive a REWARD.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on July 12th
a large, old BLACK RETRIEVER DOG, with white spot on
chest; answers to the nee
"Coss." If brought to 29, Broad¬
street, Golden-square, the above reward will be paid.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST from 94, Great
Portland-street, W. on Wednesday, a BLACK SPANIEL
SLUT; name "Flo ;" long hair. The above reward will be paid to the
person returning her to the address.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Wednesday
evening, the 12th inst., from 14, Devonshire-place, Portland-¬
e, a small BLACK and TAN TERRIER, with a red leather collar.
Whoever will bring it to the above address shall receive one pound re¬
ward.
THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, be¬
tween Blackheath Station and Charing-cross, a small RING, off
watchchain, containing a guinea, a dollar, seal, and watchkey.
Whoever will leave it at Charing-cross, under care of the Superinten¬
dent, shall receive the above reward.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 13th
instant, near the Bank of England, one £20 Bank of England
note, No. 21,184, dated 8th May, 1865; two £10 Bank of England notes,
Nos. 10,407 and 8, dated 6th May, 1865, five sovereigns, and a few shill
lings in silver. The above reward will be paid on recovery, on appli¬
cation to the inspector on duty, Moor-lane Station.
FOUND, in the neighbourhood of Edmonton, on the
2d inst., a DOG. Upon description and payment of expenses, can
be heard of at 1, Wye-villas, Philip-lane, Tottenham. It not claimed
within seven days will be SOLD.
CAME ASTRAY, June 12th, a NEWFOUND¬
LAND DOG. If not claimed within seven days, will be SOLD
to defray expenses. Apply Three Tuns, Beckenham, S.
CHINA DINNER.—Gentlemen intending to dine,
are reminded that it will take place at Willis's Rooms, King¬
street, St. James's-square, on Saturday, the 15th inst., at 8 o'clock
ly.
MARRIAGE LAW REFORM ASSOCIATION,
instituted for the exclusive object of Promoting the Passing of
an Act to render Lawful Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister.—
Information respe
aing the law applicable to these Marriages, in this
T

ained on application, personallyo
by letter, at the offices of the Association; where may also be had
umerous publi
ations, showing the opinions of eminent statesmen,
divihnes a n t
repeal of the present prohibition.
There is now no known country in the world
ciept on n where
a man may not contract a lawful marriage with his deceased wife's
sister.
JOSEPH STANSBURY. M.A., Hon. Sec.
No. 21, Parliament-street, S.W., London, May, 1865.
CLUB CHAMBERS ASSOCIATION.—The
ROOMS now VACANT may be seen on application to the
Secretary. The rent includes the use of the coffee room and smoking
room, with newspapers, attendance of servants, &c. The situation is
one of the most eligible in London.
By order of the Committee. J. RUSSELL CLIPPERTON Sec.
No. 15, Regent-street, S.W
NOTICE.—Brokers.—City of London.—The Court
of Aldermen, anxious to protect the public against persons acting
as BROKERS who have not been duly admitted by the Court, hereby
give notice, that the law will be strictly enforced, and all persons not
duly admitted are warned that they subject themselves to a PENALTY
of £100 every time they act as a broker.
Forms of application to be admitted may be obtained at the Town

 Guildhall, where all necessary information will be fur¬



Guildhall, July, 1865
.
MAMBETH O
AE ED
OUND, High¬
street, Lambeth.—The Buria.
oard for the parish of St. Mary,
eby give notice, that it is
ambeth,

th  the above
beu r e ore

powers vested in them by the
18th and 19th Vic., cap 128, section 18, and all persons who are th
holders of private graves,
ts tombs, on
ahead and fo

oundn, and

tr edesei e es einis taiti

required to
communicate with the Clerk to the said Board,
th o lie 
the.
 .
Lambeth Burial Baro.
Vestry-hall, Kennington.

beth, S., by the 24th of July, 1865 , ot e e.
se the said Board will not be
respons.
for any damage done to any priva
grave, vault,


By order of the Board,		ALFRED E. T. WORLEY
erk.
Vestry-hall, Kennington-gr.

FFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No
50.—
Arundel-villa, parish of Kensington, Middlesex.—In the matter
of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given.
that on the application of EDMUND RUFUS MICHELL, of
Arundel-villa, in the parish of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex,
Esquire, the Registrar of the office of Land Registry intends, at the
expiration of three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGIS¬
TER with an indefeasible TITLE, for the residue of the term of 92
years from the 29th day of September, 1847, the TENEMENTS called
or known as Arundel-villa, in the parish of Kensington, in the county
of Middlesex, lying at the junction of the Clarendon and Arundel
roads, and are delineated on the map No. 269, deposited by the appli¬
cant in the office of Land Registry as part of the description of the
same, and therein edged with red. If any person objecis to, or desires
to show cause against such registration, or claims that the same should
be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any particular
estate or incumbrance, charge or liablity, not already proved or ad¬
mitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the register with
reference to such tenements, such person may be heard at the office of
Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the
expiration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof,
personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to
make such objection or to show cause against, or to make such claim
in respect of such registration. But any persop desiring to make such
objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particu¬
lars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the office of
Land Registry, before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from making
the same. The said map of the said tenements deposited in the
office of Land Registry may be inspected at the said office at any time
before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof. —Dated this 15th day of July, 1865.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
GOSLING and GIRDLESTONE, 18, New-street, Spring-gardens,
ondon, S.W., Solicitors to the Applican.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 163, Upper
Barns Farm, in the parish of Kingswood, in the county of Glo¬
cester; and No. 23, Witheymore-wood, in the parish of Hawkesbury,
in the same county.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Vic¬
toria, chap. 53.—Notice is hereby given, that, on the application of the
Rev. HENRY HIGHTON, of Totterton-hall, in county of Salop, clerk,
the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry intends, at the expiration
of three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER (firstly)
with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS called or known
as Upper Barns Farm, in the parish of Kingewood aforesaid, contain¬
ing 148a. 0r. 17p., or thereabouts, and including, as part thereof, a piece
of land called The Cobbs, containing about 10 acres, and, as other part
thereof, a piece of land called Little Ground, containing about four
acres, and which said hereditaments are in the occupation, as to part
thereof, of William Giles Collins, the residue being in hand: together
with the mines and minerals under the same; and (secondly) with an
indefeasible Title, for the residue of the term of 999 years, computed
from the 3d January, 1655, created by lease of that date, the Tene¬
ments in the parish of Hawkesbury, in the said county, called or known
as Witheymore-wood, containing 79a. 1r. 18p., or thereabouts, in the
tenure or occupation, as to parts thereof, of Thomas Haven and
William Giles Collins respectively, and as to the remainder, in hand;
and all which said hereditaments and tenements called Upper Barns
Farm and Witheymore wood respectively are delineated on the maps
numbered 163 and 23 respectively, deposited in the Office of Land Re¬
gistry as part of the description of the same respectively, and thereon
respectively edged with red. If any person objects to or desires to
show cause against, such registration, or claims that the same should
be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any particular
estate or incumbrance, charge or lability, not already proved or ad¬
mitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the Register with
reference to such hereditaments and tenements, such person may be
heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at
any time before the expiration of the said three calendar months from
the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit
or otherwise to make such objection or to show cause against, or to
make such claim in respect of such registration. But any person de¬
siring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing,
stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto,
in the Office of Land Registry, before the expiration of the said three
calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise he will be excluded
from making the same. The said respective maps of the said here¬
ditaments and tenements may be inspected at the said office at any
time before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the
date hereof. —Dated this 15th day of July. 18
D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
ROBERT SOLE LINGWOOD, Solicitor to the Applicant,
No. 2, Promenade-place, Cheltenhan.
MESSRS. HUNT and ROSKELL, having long
known that chronometers and other watches of very inferior
quality are offered for sale, by auction and otherwise, marked with
their names, beg respectfully to CAUTION the public that such
watches have not been manuactured by them, and that the use of
their names is a forgery. —156, New Bond-street, April, 1865.
HYDROPULTS have been recommended as an
efficient and useful fire-engine by many of the principal fire in¬
nce companies of Great Britain, and have been ordered by the
War Department for that purpose.
—

MYDROPULTS have been recommended as an in¬
valuable garden implement by Robert Hogg, LL.D. and F.L.S.
hirley Hibberd, Esq., F.R.H.S., Thomas Rivers, Esq. (the eminen
florist), and other well-known gentlemen.
YDROPULTS have been recommended by the
Field. Gardeners' Chronicle, Journal of Horticulture, Gardeners
Magazine, Daily Telegraph, Lin
pool Dally Post, Commercial Daily
List, Birmingham Journal, Mechanies' Magazine, City Press, Insur¬
ance Gazette, and other first-class journals.
S.
NOIODOREROROEUED
lldraw water horizontally, if
neo
ary, through 300 feet of suction hose, and force it through
delivery hose to an altitude of 100 feet, and will throw seven or eight
gallons of water per minute 50 feet, when worked by the power of one
MYDROPULTS have a brass label attached to
the eglinders, on which is stamped the following, to wit "The
Hydropult, Vose's Patent, man
Grifliths and Browett,
Birmingham."—CHARLES POMEROY BUTTON, Proprietor,
Nos. 142 and 143, Cheapside,
HYDROPULT PROSPECTUS and TESTIMO¬
B on aplication
CHARLES POMEROY BUTTON, Nos. 142 and
145, Cheapside, London.
