PHHAUL.—Are you safe ? WRITE.
E. G. wishes to THANK her friend for a BANK of
ENGLAND NOTE of £100, numbered 67622.
THE JUMPI B.B: 20th Feb.: Bertie and Dot:
both Feet
S. S.—If you have any care and respect for yourself
and your family, settle with P. and W.—
THE SECRETARY of the FRIEND of the CLERGY
CORPORATION
atefully to ACKNOWLEDGE the
very handsome DONATION of £200 from Mrs. H., in aid of the
funds.—Offices of the Corporation, 4, St. Martin's-place, London,
W.C., Feb. 21.
THE REV. J. J. HALCOMBE, Hon. Secretary of
the Curate's Augmentation Fund, begs to ACKNOWLEDGE,
with his best thanks, on behalf of the Council, the SUM of £1,000
from an "Anonymous Donor, Feb. 19, 1867."

ATELEGRAM from CHARLES HOLME, MEL¬
BOURNE, for SERRY WHITE EDINBURGH, has been
received by Renter's Telegram Company (Limited), 5, Lothbury, Lon¬
don, but cannot be delivered, the name being unknown.
NOTICE.—If the LADY who BOUGHT a packet of
DIGBY CHICKS, at Jonathan Puckridge's foreign warehouse,
55, Oxford-street, in the evening, about a week since, and paid for them
with a Bank-note, will CALL again, she will oblige.—Feb. 22, 1867.
BANKS and MATHEW; Next of Kin.—£6,000.
—WANTED the RELATIONS of the late Captain or Major
ROGERS BANKS, died 1834, London, half-pay 1814; of Job Mathew,
son of Job Mathew, apothecary, London, 1760. Apply, by letters,
o — Francis, Esq., 42, Tottenham-court-road.
NOTICE.—The NEXT of KIN of SARAH and
MARY STAPP, formerly residing in Malta, will know of some¬
thing to their advantage in addresssing Mr. G. D. Page, notary, Val¬
letta, Malts.
ELOPEMENT.—LEFT her HOME, at F¬
Middlesex, a YOUNG LADY, 18 years of age, middle sized,
slightly built, good looking, large blue eyes, brown hair, arched eye¬
brows, dressed in brown woollen dress, imitation gray astrachan jacket,
black straw bonnet with black fringed beads. She wears cameo ear¬
rings, and on middle finger of left hand a heart-shaped ruby stone ring.
Had also with her a jewel case. Left on Tuesday, the 17th inst., in
company with a young man, about 19 years of age, short, and stout
built, fair complexion, brown curly hair, small curly whiskers, light
blue eyes, no beard nor moustache. Generally wears a wideawake and
dark cloth suit, with thick overcoat, silver watch and gold Albert
chain. They were last seen at Twickenham. INFORMATION of
their present whoreabouts to be given immediately to Mr. Pollaky,
private inquiry office, 13, Paddington-green, W.
LOST, on Thursday, the 21st, a BUNCH of KEYS
(one  brass wine tap key), between Regent-street and St. Paul's
churchyard. If found, and sent to 11, Princes-street, Hanover-square,
a REWARD will ebe e e ire
LOST, as is supposed in a first class railway carriage
on the London and North-Western Railway, or on the arrival
platform at Euston Station, on the 21st inst., a PURSE, containing a
season ticket for Harrow and some money. The finder may keep the
money, and will be REWARDED for bringing or sending the season
ticket to the head porter of the Inner Temple
ONE HUNDRED and FIFTY POUNDS RE¬
WARD.—Lost on the London and North-Western Railway.—
N£150 will be paid to any person who can give such information as ma
lead to the conviction and recovery of the undermentioned PROPERTY,
STOLEN from a railway van between Stafford and Hereford, on the

Gentleman's Scarf Pin, Roman Mosaic, set in gold.
Ceyion Silver Block Coin Scarf Pin.
Set of 12 Studs for ladies dress, cased gold on one side, blood stone
set the other, all attached by gold chain, yard long, running through
them.
Twelve Oblong Opals, unset.
Six Jasper Stones, unset.
Several Rubies and Carbuncles, unset, in a rough state.
Gold Watch Chain, snake pattern, old colour gold, with small pencil
key attached, blood stone top.
Albert Chain, new gold, a thick cable link, with solid gold bar

Long Albert Chain, new gold, thick, heavy links, curiously inter¬
woven, used as a locket chain.
Gold Watch Hook.
Gold Watch Safety Clasp.
Gold Watch Fastener.
Gold Coin, Spanish doubloon, with hole rivetted through, on a ring.
Quarter of a Guinea (whole), Queen A  n¬
Gold cannon Pencil-case and Watch Key.
Three old-fashioned Watch Keys.
Three large Gold-chased Rings, for attaching charms to watch
chain
Three Gold Seals, with plain Blood-stone.
One Gold, with carved Blood-stone, "L'Amour trouve moyen."
One Gold, on Topaz, "Grace."
One Gold, with Amethyst stone.
One Gold, with Dove flying, on White Cornelian.
One Bunch of Gold Charms on Ring, various Keys and Pencil-cases,
all solid gold
Bunch on Ring, three articles to match, in gold—Key, Seal, Pencil¬
case.
Large Brooch, three Oval Topazes set in gold, formed in half circle.
Round Brooch, Carbuncle surrounded with numerous Garnets.
One Camco three doves drinking.
Large Seed Pearl Brooch, feather pattern, with hair-pin attached.
Emerald, surrounded by diamonds, with back plain gold.
Amethyst, surrounded by diamonds, back plain gold (these two are a
pair).
Snake Hair Brooch, with gold head.
Turquoise Ring, forget-me not, with small diamond in centre.
One Gold Ring, turquoise, ruby, and green stone.
One Plain Gold Ring, chased.
One Thin Gold Wedding Ring.
One Gold Ring, with square diamond set, transparent, a large stone,
One Ring, with double row of small diamonds, six in each row.
One set of Black Cameos, white figures and heads on black ground,
set in chased gold, brooch in form of a cross, earrings, bracelet with
fiat cameos, linked with gold.
Bracelet, narrow oblong cameos.
Bracelet, amber links, set in gold, and small gold key.
Set of carved Red Corals, round brooch set in gold, Medusa head.
Pair of Earrings, small carved head and gold, with cut seed coral

Two Bracelets, carved head set in gold for clasps, and cut seed coral

Neglige Necklace, strands cut seed corals, with large tassels, near
3ft. long.
Bracelet, in a small morocco case like a book, gold letters carved on
each leaf, the word "Souvenir" back of book when folded, blue ena¬
mel, with three rows of seed pearls, one missing.
One Topaz Cross, large oblong stones, old fashioned setting.
One Round Armlet, gold band with chased edge, with garter and
buckle.
One Bright Gold Snake Bree
chased, large emerald in head, and
ruby

one re.
at s a a e square.
Shawl.

Silk Stockings, marked.
Two new Pairs Satin Shoes, marked.
Scarlet Cashmere Opera Cloak.
One larg.
Church Service, two volumes, in case, blue morocco e d.
with

One Woollen Jacket.
Twelve Pocket-handkerchiefs, marked, trimmed with real lace.
Two White Lace Shawls, one French lace, one Limerick.
The above articles were contained within a red morocco jewel case,
which was packed in an old fashioned wooden trunk, addressed to
Llandovery, South Wales. The trunk reached Stafford in safety. On
its arrival at Hereford was found broken open, all the valuables ab¬
stracted, and the clothes strewed at the bottom of railway luggage van.
Any information to be given to W. H. Smith, Esq., 132, Gresham¬
house, Old Broad-street, London.
Should any of the abovementioned articles have come into the pos¬
session of innocent purchasers they are requested to return them to
the owners, who will reimburse the cost of them.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a GOLD
NATCH, with gold dial, name Croucher, No. 65. Apply to
McC and Co, 32, Cornbill, E.C.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. —LEFT, in a CAB,
on the night of Thursday, the 14th, a BLACK LEATHER BAG,
containing books, of no value but to the owner. The cab broke down
in Barbican. No further reward will be offered. Apply at 5, Sampson¬
terrace, Victoria-park-road, Hackney, N
E.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday,
16th, in or near the King's-road, Chelsea, a GOLD HUNTING
WATCH, R. Sully maker. Whoever will bring the same to C. Scotch¬
mer and Son, watchmakers, 395, New North-road, Essex-road, Isling¬
on. N., will receive the reward.
FOUND, a LARGE CHUBB's WAREHOUSE
DOOR KEY, in Great Queen-street, Holborn, on Tuesday last.
pply to Chubb and Son, 57, St Paul's churchyard.
FOUND, Feb. 20, near Temple-bar, a BANK NOTE.
The owner can have the same by describing the number, with full
particulars, and paying expenses. Apply Bull, Middleton, and Co., ad¬
vertising agents, 37, Essex-street, Strand."
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock. Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £42 18s. Consolidated £3
per Cent. Annuities heretofore standing in the name of MARY
GARLAND, of Dickleborough, Norfolk, widow, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1857;—
Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon
paid, to Mary Ford, wife of George Ford, formerly Mary Garland,
widow, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim theret
MADRID, 15th February.—The BI-MONTHLY
MAIL SERVICE between CADIZ and HAVANNAH has been
adjudicated to Mr. GEO. WILLIAMS, as representative of Mr. Chas.
Mitchell, of London, at £4,080 per round voyage. The contractor
binds himself, under deposit and forfeit of £20,000, and other heavy
fines and liabilities for non-fulfilment, to submit within about eight
months eight iron, screw, direct-acting steamers, of from 1,500 to 2,000
tons, at Cadiz, for survey and approval by the Government.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—The late BARQUE RIVER¬
DALE.—Whereas, on the 5th day of April, 1861, the barque
Riverdale was lost on the coast of Portugal, near Aveiro, while on
voyage from St. John's, New Brunswick, to Hull, laden with a carge of
timber and deals, and the wreck of the said vessel and her cargo were
taken possession of by the Customs authorities of Aveiro, and sold,
and the net proceeds of such have been paid over by the said Customs
authorities to Alexander Miller, agent for Lloyd's at Oporto, as the
attorney of the parties in England, claiming a right to the same, pre¬
vious to which payment a bond was given as security to the Portuguese
Gevernment, against future claimants to the said money; and whereas,
an application has been made in due form of law to the Portuguese Go¬
vernment, to cancel the said bond; Notice is therefore hereby given, that
any person or persons having any CLAIM to the said MONEY, must
send particulars of the same, in writing, to the Portuguese Consulate
in Liverpool, within 60 days from the date hereof, otherwise the said
bond will be cancelled, when no further claim will be valid, and the
proceeds of the sale of the said wreck and cargo will be at once paid
over to the present claimants to the same.
WILLIAM G. BATESON, Notary Public, Liverpool.
Dated this 21st February, 1867.
CAUTION. —Capt. MecGWIRE's PATENT CAMP¬
ING SYSTEN and PATENT FIELD HAMMOCKS.—Any
person INFRINGING this PATENT will be liable to prosecution.
Parties wishing for licenses must apply to the undersigned.
E. and F. BANNISTER and FACHE, 13, John-street, Bedford-¬
row, Solicitors for the Patentee.
CAUTION to SHIPPERS of MAGNESIA.—The
C
aundersigned have received information the
FLUID
N.
AAG¬
Sa pn irporting thoh be e th e i r  re
nufacture, has been extensively
shipped to India and the oo.
Baes. They be.
crefore, to advise
merchants and consumers to see th at
tath bottle has on it their trade
label and the name "Dinneford." Under the Act 25 a.

cap.
188, Forgery of Trade Labels is severcly punishabl
DINNEFO 
7o.
No. 172, New Bond.
taet L.
ion, Jan. 1, 1867.
TO SOLICITORS and others.—Finding that colour¬
able imitations of paper fasteners, invented by Alfred H. Hart
are being palmed upon cosomers the patentees hereby CAUTION
salesmen that they run not the risk of the law, and the public to sce
that they obtain the genuine article. Each box bears the title "Hart's
Patent Paper Fasteners."—ALFRED H. HART and Co., manufac¬
thrers, eon.
don.
ADULTERATION.—PUBLIC NOTICE.—Ac
25 and 26 Vic., cap. 88. — Sever,
t oo o.
nders
ing imitated the wrappers of BORWICK's ORIGINAL BAKING
POWDERS so closely that consumers have been deceived thereby, to
the injury of the reputation of Borwick's Baking Powder, this is to
give notice, that, for the better protec
le public, the under¬
signed has adopted an entirely NEW TRADE LABEL (duly regis¬
tered), and to imitate which is felony.
All persons forging the labels will be pros
and 26, Vic., cap. 88.
GEORGE BORWICK.
No. 24, Chiswell-street, February, 1866.
THE FIRST of SIX LECTURES to LADIES on
the ENGLISH LANGUAGE, originally delivered at the Royal
Institution, will be given by the Rev. A. J. D. D'ORSEY
aess
Seymour-street west, on Wednesday, 27th inst., at 3. Ticket for
course, 10s. 6d.
MEMORY.—Stokes on Memory. —MEMORY
CLASS at 15, Margaret-street, W., on Tuesdays, at 3 and S.30.
"Stokes on Memory," 11th edition, 14 stamps; Rapid Multiplication
Table, 14 stamps; Rapid Plan of Reading, 14 stamps.
IMBLEDON.—Dr. E. PICK will give a LEC¬
TURE and DEMONSTRATIONS on MEMORY, and how to
improve it, without recurring to artificial means or mnemonics, at the
Lecture-hall, on Tuesday, 26th inst., at 8 o'clock. Admission 2s. and
1s. Syllabus and tickets at the hall.
DR. PICK on MEMORY.—Dr. PICK has RE¬
SUMED his LECTURES, as delivered by him at the University
of Oxford, at King's and University Colleges, &c. Schools and Institu¬
tions may apply at 6, Bryanston-street, Portman-square. Books on
memory, 3s. 6d. and 14d.: How to Study, French, 3s. 6d. Sent by post.
