A. DUNDAS,—No letters received. Must see you.
Please WRITE.
I have seen your advernsement on May 27th.
Will feel great pleasure in secing you. My address at Kirby's,
No. 37, Lambeth-walk. Ever the same, in great trouble, H.
RECEIVED for the CRECHE, £20.
CHE COMMITTEE of the NATIONAL
ORTHOPOEDIC HOSPITAL, Great Portland-street, Regent's¬
park, ACKNOWLEDGE, with thanks, the RECEIPT from Madame
Brenner of £5 17s. 4d., collected by her at her Matinée held at the
Hanover-square Rooms.
MR. CHARLES ALLCOT, formerly of Feltham,
Middlesex, and afterwards of 16, Frederick's-place, Caledonian¬
road, Islington.—Mr. ALLCOT is particularly requested to CALL on,
or furnish his Address to, Messrs. Baker, Folder, and Upperton, solici¬
tors, 52. Lincoln's-inn-fields, London, for the purpose of a trust matter.
LOST, BLACK CACHMERE SHAWL. Taken
from the Eagle steamboat, Wednesday, June 8th. May be sent
to Mr. Win. Nash. 60, Strand.
LOST, on June 8, in the Horticultural-gardens, a
GOLD GENEVA WATCH, with seals and breguet key attached.
Maker, Grohé, No. 5,330. Apply at Bayley's library, Newland-terrace,
Kensington.
LOST, Wednesday evening, near Regent's-park, a
e
collar. Answers to the name of Toby, Whoever will take N to
No. 20, Alma-square, Abbey-road, St. John's-wood, shall be handsomely
REWARDED.
LOST, on Wednesday night, at 11 o'clock, in nassing
from St. James's Hotel into a cab at the door, a GOLD HAND
BRACELET, with three blue Florentine Mosaies for a clase
ever will take it to 27, Grosvenor-street, shall receive a GUINEA
REWARD.
LOST, a GREEN LEATHER PURSE, containing
a £5 note, three sovereigns, some silver, &c. Supposed to have
been left in a first class carriage from Charing-cross to Caterham
Junction, on Monday, 6th inst. Whoever will take the same to W.
H. For, 33, Eastchcap, shall be well REWARDED.
LEATHER PURSE, containing about £9 English
note and gold, LOST, in first class carriage, between Victoria and
High Level Statiops. TWO POUNDS REWARD to whosoever returns
same to W. H. Rinder, Esq., The Dell, Upper Norwood.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on June 7th,
supposed to have been dropped in the streets between Stratton
street, Piccadilly, and Upper Grosvenor-street, a BUNCH of KEYS,
including a latch key. Any person taking them to Messrs. Sharge and
Hale's library, Berkeley-square, shall receive the above reward.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT in a Han¬
som CAB, which took a gentleman from Draper's Hotel, Sack¬
ville-street, to Waterloo Station, on Saturday, the 4th. June, at 3 o'clock
in the afternoon, a THIN BLUEOVERCOAT. If the same is taken
to Fenton's Hotel, St. James's-street, the above reward will be paid.
TWO POUNDS REWARD,—STRAYED, from
taeaer Buckingham Palace, on 30th May, an OLD, WHITE FOX
TERRIER DOG, with black pateh on left eye and small spot on fore¬
head. Answers to the name of Jock. Whoever takes the same to
No. 10, Eatop-terrace, Eatop-square, shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednesday
afternoon, June 8th, from 5, Hordwick-place, Harrington-square.
Hampstead-road, a BLACK and TAN TERRIER; ears uncut, and
legs rather long. Had on a red leather collar, with letters "C. R. B.

Answers to the name of "Jack." No further reward
will be offered. Whoever will take the same to No. 5, Hurdwick-place,
Hampstead-road, shall receive the above reward.
ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD.—LOST, from a
coach, on the Derby-day, between Vauxhall and Mitcham, a
large HAT BOX containing a black hat and a cigar case. The finder
should apply to the porter Junior Carlton Club.
FOUND, THREE KEYS, at Mill-hill School, on
the evening of the New Foundation Day.
FOUND, in Willis's Rooms, on Tuesday evening, the
HALF of a GOLD BRACELET. The owner can receive the
same by applying to the porter. J. U. S. Club. 14, St. James's-square.
CAME ASTRAY, about three weeks ago, a BLACK
and TAN, SMOOTH-HAIRED, ENGLISH FOX TERRIER
DOG. His owner may reclaim him by describing him to Mr. Sharpe,
chymist, 34; High-Street, Notting-hill, W.
METROPOLITAN POLICE-OFFICE.—FOUND,
in the Walworth-read, on the 20th April, 1864, a LADYS LEA¬
THER RETICULE, with steel clasp and chain, and tied round with a
piece of tape, containing six Bank of England notes and gold, to the
amount of about £160. Application to be made at the Carter-street

THE WARD-ROOM OFFICERS of R.M. ship
CAPTAIN hereby give notice, that they are NOT RESPONSIBLE
for any DEBTS contracted by their MESSMAN.—Plymonts, June,

TO CHARLOTTE TAYLOR, spinster, and HENRY
TAYLOR, whose residences are unknown.—Take notice that, on
the 1st day of June, 1870, a CITATION, issued under seal of Her¬
Majesty's Court of Probate, at the instance of Walter Edward Cox,
Alice Louisa Cox, and Emily Cox, by Charles Andrews, of No. 59, Chis¬
well-Street, in the county of Middlesex, their curator or guardian,
citing you, and John Francis Taylor, of No. 155, New Kent-road, in
the county of Surrey, butcher: Robert Taylor of the Prince Arthur,
Calverley-street, Mile-end, in the county of Middlesex, wine and beer
merchant; Richard Taylor, of No. 155, New Kent-road aforesaid,
butcher's assistant; Matilda Harrison wife of Joseph Harrison, of
No. 1, Munster-place, Orchard-row. Camberwell New-road, in the
county of Surrey, gentleman; and Emily Tayler, of No. 7. Flint-street,
Poplar, in the county of Middlesex, spinster, to cause an appearance
to be entered for you and them in the said Court of Probate, and to
accept or refuse letters os administration of the estate and effects of
John Taylor, late of No. 4. Dean's-buildings, West India-dock-road, in
the county of Middlesex, boot and shoe maker, deceased, the father of
you and the other persons cited (who died on or about the 29th day of
March, 1869, intestate), or show cause, if you have or know any, why
the same should not be granted to the said Charles Andrews, as such
curator and guardian as aforesaid, and for the use and benefit of the said
Walter Edward Cox, Alice Louisa Cox, and Emily Cox, creditors of
the said deceased, and which citation contains an intimation that, in
default of the appearance of you and the other persons so cited, said
letters of administration will be granted to the said Charles Andrews,
your absence notwithstanding.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
GEORGE BROWN, Solicitor, 21, Finsbury-place,

THE LONDON and ST. KATHERINE DOCKS
COMPANY.—A LETTER addressed to JOHN P. GASSIOT,
Esq., F.R.S., Director (and late Treasurer) of the London and St.
Katherine Docks Company, on the Subject of his Recent Pamphlet,
and upon the Causes of the Falling Off in Dock Dividends. By JOHN
GEORGE BARRY, for many years of Meriton's Wharf, Southwark,
London. Price 1s. Printed and published by Alfred Boot, 8, East¬
cheap, London, E.C.
TO the PROPRIETORS of the LONDON and ST.
KATHERINE DOCKS COMPANY.—In 1858 London Dock
Stock was quoted in the market at 105, or 5 per cent. premium. In
1866 118 months after the amalgamation) your £100 stock was quoted
at 74, and during the current year has fallen to 44, or 56 per cent.
diseount.
So long as the system is sanctioned by the Dock Management of
seeking for business, regardless of the fact whether or not such busi¬
ness, perse, will fairly remunerate the Dock Company for its werk¬
ing, the ruinous depreciation in market value of your important pro¬
perty must continue.
At the recent ratio of depreciation it will scarcely require another
seven years to render valueléss the whole of the ordinary stock of your
Company, representing an amount of nearly six millions sterling. On
the other hand. I am of opinion that your dividend-ought never to have
fallen belew4 per cent., or the market value of your stock below 80.
Turn to my words published in November, 1863:—"If an immediate
revision of the whole of the rates and charges is not contemplated by
the Dock Management the amalgamation of the large Dock Companies
can alone result, in further disappointment to shareholders." Since
that date the value of your property has been depreciated to the extent
of nearly two millions sterling, an additional loss of 30 per cent. This
annihilation of your property will continue, unless your system of

London, June. 1870.	Your obedient Zarvant.
J. G. BARRY.
.To the TEADEALERS of GREAT BRITAIN
Teadealers' and Grocers' Association, 43, Eastcheap.
Gentlemen,
OU are doubtless aware of the proposal made by the
China merchants to withdraw the customary allowance of one
pound draft on all packages of tea weighing over 28 15s., and to adupt
the Customs tares. We isk you to co-operate to oppose this apbitrary
withdrawal of a custom established by immemorial usage which rules
in all other articles, in the grocery trade, and is regarded as an equi¬
table adjustment to prevent the endless complaints of insufficient
tares which must otherwise arise.
A Committee sits dafly at the above offices to organize a determined
opposition to this change ; yeu will greatly facfitate their operations
by at once communicating your views.
A General Meeting will be held at the Guildhall Coffee-house, on
Monday, June 13, at 3 o'clock, when a-defipite line of action will be
proposed. Your attendance on that occasion is specially requested.
signed, on behalf of the Committee,
J. DICKENSON BETTS, Chairman.
. To the TEA MERCHANTS of LONDON.
(On the Reported Withdrawal of the Customary Pound Draught
Allowance on Chests of Tea.)
Gontlemen,
Respectfully beg permission to submit a few more
observations to your notice on the subject of the old-standing and
gustomary pound allowance on every chest of tea. I have no wish to
beg the question, nor to ask favours, but simply to argue the subject on
its own merits. As to the turn-out of tea you will adow, Gentlemen,
that men who have spent the best part of their lives in turning out
packages are quite as capable of giving an opinion on that subject as
men who transact their business in counting-houses, and who, perhaps,
never turnes out a dozen chests of tea in their lives. Therefore, the
retailers' authority to speak on that point is incontrovertible. Now,
Gentlemen, as to practical facts. Suppose a retailer turns out a given
number of chests in a given space of time—say 500 chests in six months
of 20 different sorts—how many of the 500 will be perfectly faultless
and equal to sample, and how many will have defects more or less?
The probability is, and it does in fact only too often occur, that some
50 to 100 of the chests will, in some way or other, be defective, to the
injury of the retailer. The defects may not always be sufficient to com¬
plain mach about, nor to demand compensation for, but still they are
defeets and against the buyer, and the most natural remedy to counter¬
poiss this is the pound draught, which acts as a balance betweon the
two parties, and has been established on sound, common-sense princi¬
ples. One-sided transactions are not good: you must have give-and¬
take, rough and smooth together, barance fairly, and make things
square. Bnyers shouldnot stand to a disadvantage without a correspond¬
ing counter-balance. This is nothing new, it has been acted upon for
centuries. "Tret" is spogen of ages ago as an allowance made by
merchants to retailers for waste and so forth: our forefathers adopted
it as the fairest plan between man and man, and there can be no doubt,
Gentlemen, that the system is founded on equity, reason, and justice,
and ought on no account to be abandoned.
That the tea trade has degenerated in character during the last 10
years is evident enough. The rage for quantity and undue haste has
flooded our markot with heaps of rubbish and out of-condition tea¬
This is proved by the immense quantity of tea sold "with all faults,"
meaning, of course, that it woulen't bear scrutiny and is not perfect;
but. Gentlemen, importing iz is fact, more or less, a matter of specu¬
lation, and whatever defects there may be in the state of the tea trade
in China, pray don't punish the retailer in England for it. Put the
saddle on the right horse and apply a remedy where the fault lies, and
don't stoop to injure those who do the most work for the smallest pay
in the whole of the trade. As to the assertion that a man can do as he
likes with his own, and sell his goods on what terms he pleases. I deny
it The experience of the world contradicts it. A man may not do as
he likes even with his own goods, his own children, or his own person,
when what he likes contains elements of injustice to others, especially
when those others happen to be considerable majorities.
Custom is prima facie law, and a minority can't overture it. There
are forest rights, common rights, freemen's rights, Ulster-tenant
rights, and lots of others. Nearly the whole of this sessions of Parlia¬
ment has been occupied in making laws to prevent men from doing
what they like with their own property, and preserving in spirit a fair
balance of give-and-take between buyer and seller, so that the power¬
ful minority may not do as it likes to the injury of the majority. This
pound allowance, Gentlemen, is, I repeat, an immemorial custom. It
was established before you entered the trade : you came to the custom,
nos the custom to you; you inherit it; and I deny in toto the power
and justice of a minority in any trade to alter fundamentil sustoms
which have been in existence for ages, to the great injury of the
majarity, without the consent of the whole trade generally, and with¬
ont a mutual understanding, so as to make proper pretection for one
part of the trade as well as another.
As to the wholesale houses. I hope they will holp us all they can.
Their interests rests upon ours, as ours does upon the publie's; what
hurts one hurts the other—their ledgers will show that in time, londer
than I can, and I hope that every retail man in England, Ireland, and
Scotland will resolutely refuse to look at a single sample-of tea which
does not carry the pound draught, and on no accousit to allow them¬
selves to be forced into a system of trade which their own experienge
tells them is unjust.
If this pound draught be withdrawn, which I look upon as a safety
valve to carry off the irritation of turn-out annoyances, the houses will
have a pretty time of it. Shylock will be at their elbows every minute
morning, noon, and night to demand his bond, and the whole trade,
retailers, wholesalers, and docks, will be everlastingly in hot water,
quarrelling and wrangling with each other from one year's end to the
other: the whole thing will be found unpracticable and tend to nothing
but constant litigation. If. however, the merchants feel that the pound.
draught is too much an injustice to themselves to allow on boxes of
tea, that may be a fair point for readjustment; but it eannot possibly
interfore with the justice of the retailer still having the pound draught

In conclusion, Gentlemen, I sincerely hope you will not attempt to
enforce a principle which. I repeat again ans again, is commersially

You will have the retailers against you, the whole sale houses against
you, and the docks against you: you have Reason against you. Cus¬

I beg to remain, Gentlemen,
Your most ohedient servant.
A. TEETGEN, Retail Tea Dealer, 67, Bishopsgate-¬
street within, and Kingsland.
POLLAKYS PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
quiries in Election, Divorce, Libel Cases &c., by Mr. Follaky,

