DEXTER.—I sail for India on the 11th. —Dexter.

MAGO,—Send me your address.
E. J. —With deep regret, No. About twenty.—
A.
L L, from H., in the county of A., is entreated to
COMMUNICATE with his friends in the north.
 to De Camera, of the 51st Regiment, now lying
off Weymouth, on the Island of Portland, (S....T). The CABIN
is now COMPLETED, and all settled.
JI. has RECEIVED R—'s LETTER. Write
again, stating where he can see, or, at all events, address to her.
She may fully rely that he will use every endeavour to influence her
parents as she wishes. Direct and seal with two dragons' heads as

CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand,
W.C.—The Committee ACKNOWLEDGE, with their sincere
thanks, the RECEIPT, through the Donation Boxes at the Hospital,
during the month of June, of £27 10s. 11d., including two £10 notes,
Nos. 92735 and 6, from T. B., to whom they are indebted for a former
kind donation. Further contributions are respectfully solicited.
HENRY WOOLCOTT, Sec.
GRATEFUL THANKS for CHARITABLE AID
to POOR SICK CHILDREN.—The Secretary of the Royal
Infirmary for Sick Children gratefully ACKNOWLEDGES the
RECEIPT of the following DONATIONS:—Anonymous, £1; E.M.H.,
10s.; M., 5s.; Anonymous, 10s.; The Children of the Mill, 5s. The con¬
tinuance of this help for these necessitous objects is earnestly solicited.
CHARLES J. F. RENTON, Secretary.
Royal Infirmary for Sick Children, Waterloo-bridge-road, S.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—Absconded.—
Whereas a warrant has been granted for the apprehension of
WILLIAM BROADHURST, late a goods clerk at the Dewsbury
Station of the London and North-Western Railway Company, who
ABSCONDED after embezzling the moneys of his employers, Notice
is hereby given, that the above reward will be paid by Mr. Henry
Champion Beauchamp, solicitor, 8, Dowgate-hill, London, E.C., to
any person whose information shall lead to the apprehension of the
said William Broadhurst, who is supposed to have gone to Liver¬
pool. Information to be given to the Superintendent of the Borough
Police, Dewsbury (Yorkshire), who holds the warrant; or to Mr.
Beauchamp, as above.
LOST, on Friday last, the 1st July, between Win¬
chester-street and Lupus-street, S.W., a small GENEVA
WATCH, with Chain attached. Whoever will bring the same to
Messrs. Dent. 34 and 35, Royal Exchange, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, a POCKET BOOK, on Saturday morning,
July 2. between Clapham-common and Westminster-road.
Any person bringing the same to Routledge and Co., Broadway, Lud¬
gate-hill, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Monday evening between Chiswell-street
and Finsbury-circus, a BLACK SPANIEL with long ears, answer¬
ing to the name of "Fanny." Any one bringing the same to Dyer's
stables, Finsbury-pavement, shall receive ONE SOVEREIGN RE¬
WARD. No further reward will be offered.
LOST, on Friday evening, 1st inst., in an omnibus.
between Regent-street and
the, gl, Islington, a POCKET.
BOOK, containing address cards and private letters, of no value to
anyone but the owner. A REWARD will be paid on its recovery. Ad¬
dress F. T., 37, Davies-street, Berkeley-square.
LOST, a WHITE SHAWL.—ONE POUND RE¬
WARD is offered for the RECOVERY of a large WHITE
SHAWL, with greenish border. Left in a cab which took up a lady in
Park-road, behind Sussex-place, Thursday evening, 30th June, and
sit her down at Nelson's Portland Hotel, about 9 o'clock. £1 will be
paid if the shawl is taken safe to Mrs. Nelson, at above Hotel.
LOST, between Cannon-street and the South¬
Western Railway, or left in a second class railway carriage between
the Waterloo-road Sration and Portsmouth, a valuation BOOK, about
eight inches long and four inches wide; containing written valuations
of property in Southwark. ONE POUND REWARD will be given on
the book being delivered at the office of Mr. Edward P'Anson, 7a, Lau¬

ONE POUND REWARD.—July 4th, LEFT in a
HANSOM CAB, that took a gentleman up in Piccadilly, about 9
o'clock a.m., and set down in Old Broad-street, city, a FIELD OPERA
GLASS, in a black leather case and strap. Whosoever will bring the
same to Mr. Foster, stationer, 22, Down-street, Piccadilly, shall re¬

ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday,
June 30, from Douglass', in New Bond-street, a BLACK RE¬
TRIEVER BITCH, marked with white on breast and off fore paw¬
Had on a leather collar with the owner's name on it. Whoever will
bring the same to 126, Mount-street, shall receive the above reward.—
July 5, 1864.
TO CABMEN. —LEFT, in a four-wheel CAB,on the
evening of Tuesday, the 28th June, in Eaton-square.
taoddinwnhich
took up in Halkin-street west, a GREEN and RED RAILWAY
WRAPPER. Whoever will bring the same to Miland's library, Chapel¬
street. Belgrave-square, shall receive TWENTY SHILLINGS RE¬
WARD.
FOUND, a small DIAMOND BROOCH. Apply to
the hall porter. 24. Belgrave-square. — July 4. 1864.
FOUND, a BANK NOTE, about a month since, at
Lewis and Allenby's, 195, Regent-street. The owner can have the
same on giving a description of it.
FOUND, a SPORTING DOG, in the vicinity of
St. James's-square. The owner can have the same by giving de¬
scription and paying expenses. Apply, by letter, to T. L., 14, Charles¬

FOUND, in Greenwich on Thursday, the 30th
June, a small TERRIER. The owner may have it on giving a
correct description, and paying the expense of advertisement. Apply

NOTICE.—THOMAS CLARKE, late of Sunder¬
land, in the county of Durham, formerly schoolmaster, but
latterly out of business, died intestate on the 28th of June, 1864, leaving
real and personal property. The deceased was supposed to have one
brother and a sister and they or their families are supposed to be resi¬
dent somewhere in the south of England. Any one claiming to be the
HEIR at LAW or NEXT of KIN of the deceased is requested to com¬
municate with Mr. J. C. Scarisbrick, 62, John-Street, Sunderland, Dur¬
ham, who was the legal adviser of the deceased, and who holds the title
deeds of the several properties
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £750 Reduced Three per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of HENRY MARLAY, of
St. James's-street, Esq., and which was transferred to the said Commis¬
sioners, in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained un¬
claimed since the 5th April, 1856; Notice is hereby given, that, on
the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will
be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to Henry Revell Rey¬
nolds, Esq., the administrator (as nominee of the Crown) of the said
Henry Marlay, deceased, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN the COURT of BANKRUPTCY, London.—In
the Matter of Emma Pugh, of the London Serap Iron Works,
London-road, Greenwich, in the county of Kent.—Whereas Edward
Goulburn, Esq., Serjeant-at-Law, a Commissioner of the said Court.
upon good proof upon oath before him had and taken, did on the 20th
day of June, 1864, find that the said Emma Pugh was liable to be ad¬
judged a bankrupt, under the 83d section of the Bankruptey Act,
1861,and he did therefore adjudge her bankrunt accordingly: Notice is
hereby given, that unless the said EMMA PUGH shall within 14 days
APPEAR and show sufficient cause to the Court against the aforesaid
adiudication of bankruptcy, such adjudication will be made absolute.
— Dated this 30th day of June, 1864.
JAMES R. BROUGHAM, Registrar.
IN the COURT of BANKRUPTCY, London.—In
the Matter of Caroline Maugham, of the London Scrap Iron
Works, London-road, Greenwich, in the county of Kent.— Whereas
Edward Goulburn, Esq., Serjeant-at Law, a Commissioner of the said
Court, upon good proof, upon oath before him had and taken, did on
the 20th day of June, 1864, find that the said Caroline Maugham was lia¬
ble to be adjudged bankrupt, under the 83d section of the Bankruptcy
Act. 1861, and he did therefore adjudge her bankrupt accordingly:—
Notice is hereby given, that unless the said CAROLINE MAUGHAM
shall within 14 days APPEAR and show sufficient cause to the court
against the aforesaid adjudication of bankruptcy, such adjudication
will be made absolute. —Dated this 30th day of June, 1864.
JAMES R. BROUGHAM, Registrar.
TO JAMES ANDREWS, ROBERT ANDREWS,
GRORGE ANDREWS, and EDWARD ANDREWS.—Take
notice, that, by an order made at chambers by the Right Hon. the
Master of the Rolls, in the undermentioned cause, on the 15th day of
June, 1864, it is ordered that service of all warrants to be issued by
the Taxing Master in this cause, by leaving a copy of each of such
warrants, together with a copy of the now stating order, at your last
respective residences in East Peckham, in the county of Kent, should
be deemed good service unon you respectively: and further take
notice, that the TWO WARRANTS, copies of which are hereunder
set forth, were, on the 28th day of June, 1864, SERVED pursuant to
the said order of the 15th June. 1864. — Dated this 2d day of July, 1864.
Yours, &c.,
FRANCIS KEARSEY, 32. Bucklersbury, London, Plaintiff's
Solicitor.
Copies of the Two Warrants above referred to.
Waterhouse v. Cheesman.
By virtue of an order of reference. I do appoint to consider of the
matters thereby to me referred, on Thursday, the 7th July next, at 9 of
the clock in the forenoon, at my chambers, in Staple-inn, at which
time and place all parties concerned are to attend.—Dated this 27th

J. PARKES.
On leaving plaintiff's costs to be taxed under order dated 12th
January, 1864.
This warrant is taken out by Francis Kearsey, of No. 32, Bucklers¬
bury, London.
Waterhouse v. Cheesman.
By virtue of an order of reference, I do appoint to consider of the
matters thereby to me referred, on Monday, 11th July next, at 1 and 2
of the clock in the afternoon, at my chambers, in Staple-inn, at which
time and place all parties concerned are to attend.—Dated this 27th

J. PARKES.
To tax plaintiff's costs under order dated 12th January, 1864.
This warrant is taken out by Francis Kearsey, of No. 32, Bucklers¬
bury, Lonn o n.
NOTICE to SHIPPERS.—Parties sending to the
London Docks, for shipment, aqua fortis, oil of vitriol, muriatic
acid, spirits of turpentine, lucifer matches, fusees, congreves, wax
vestas, German tinder, jackets or other wearing apparel made water¬
proof by combustible composition, or any goods of a dangerous quality,
without their description being distinctly marked on the outsides of the
packages containing the same, are subject to a penalty of £20, accord¬
ing to the London Docks Company's Act, 16th and 17th Victoria, cap.
106, sec. 50. By the Company's regulations the mark must be on the
top of every package so as to be readily seen. Similar information
must be contained on the shipping note, and such articles will not be
received at the Docks until the export vessel is prepared to take them
on board.
(Signed) R. RANDALL, Superintendent,
London Docks, July, 1864,
CAUTION.—G. W. WHEATLEY and Co. (formerly
Waghorn) established 28 years, overland parcel carriers and
general forwarding agents to all parts of the world, caution the public
against being misled by imitations of their advertisements, placards,
and tariffs. — Wheatley and Co.'s only offices in London are 150, Leaden¬
hall-Street; Chaplin's, Regent-circus, 150, Cheapside, and 23, Regent-st.
TO Messrs. WHEATLEY and Co.—In consideration
of your abstaining from taking proceedings to obtain an injunc¬
tion against me, I undertake and agree forthwith to cease to issue the
circulars, both books and handbills, of whichs you complain: and I
further undertake and agree to abstain in future from using any title
in imitation of the title used by you, and further to abstain from copy¬
ing, extracting, or imitating the circulars or advertisements issued by
you from time to time. — Dated 29th day of July. 1863.
(Signed)
WILLIAM R. SUTTON.
STON v. HARROW CRICKET MATCH, July
8 and 9.—Grand Stand at Lord's Ground.—From the interest at¬
tached to this important match the contest will be decided in the pre¬
sence of thousands of the nobility and gentry. Apropos to the event
the Committee of the Marylebone Club have made an engagement with
Mr. Saunders, the builder, to supply a requirement long needed, and
which must tend to enhance the comfort of the visitors—namely, a
GRAND STAND, capable of accommodating 1,000 persons. Admis¬
sion by tickets (for which seats will be reserved, if purchased on or
hefore Thursday, July 7th), 3s. each. To be obtained at Mitchell's, Old
Bond-street; Cramer and Co.'s, Regent-street; Cremer's, 210, Regent¬
street: and of R. A. FitzGerald, Esq., Hon. Sec., M.C.C., 2, Port¬

NOTICE.—Mr. FREDERICK STRANGE, late
contractor for refreshments at the Crystal Palace, begs to
announce that he is NOT in any wav CONNECTED with the FIRM
advertised as caterers at the ALEXANDRA-PARK.—The Elms,
South Norwood, S., 24th June, 186.
MR. WILLIAM STRANGE, of the firm of Messrs.
Strange and Wood, sole contractors for the refreshment depart¬
ment, Alexandra-park, Muswell-hill, begs to intimate that he is in no
way connected with or related to Mr. Frederick Strange, late con¬

NOTICE.—Mr. WATHERSTON (late of Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden) begs respectfully to inform the nobility
and gentry that his late partnership having been dissolved, he now
carries on the same style of business at No. 12. Pall-mall east, adjoining
the National Gallory, under the firm of Wathersion and Son
MR. BROGDEN regrets to find some of his cus¬
(tomers think he has removed from 16, Henrietta-street, Covent¬
garden. He begs respectfully to inform them that he has purchased
the goodwill, the whole of the valuable stock, and that all the workmen
remain at the old premises. He takes this opportunity of returning
his warmest thanks and acknowledgments for the kind patronage and
support bestowed on the late firm.—16, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden
