TO J. H.—Your friends are anxious for your safety,
not having received a letter since May 23, from Paris. Have
heard you left Brussels with Mr. C. Please Write.
S. F. is urgently requested to CALL at 14, Corn¬
hill. Letters of importance.—ARTHUR CLEVELAND MON¬
TAGU and Co.
ANGAROO.—Any portion of the Leopard or the
boar would do, or part of the pig, but abstain from the Leopard's
heart and the parts next it, for the caudle will not be out then. The
Lion is too savage to be tamed. Don't forget the baboon's bisqnits.
THE BOARD of MANAGEMENT of the BRITISH
HOME for INCURABLES, Clapham-rise, gratefully AC¬
KNOWLEDGE a liberal DONATION of £100, from the Worshipful
Company of Grocers.—73, Cheapside, E.C., 6th July, 1872.
THE GENTLEMAN who called on Friday on
Messrs. Hampton and Sons, respecting purchasing the furniture
of a house at South Kensington, is requested to CALL AGAIN, unme¬
dintely, as it can now be had apart from the house.—House agency
department, 8, Pall-mall east, S.W.
ATIONAL HOSPITAL, 85, Newman-street, W.—
The Earl of Glasgow, Treasurer, ACKNOWLEDGES, with
many thanks, DONATIONS of THREE POUNDS, from Viscount
Gage, and £2 10s. from Mrs. George Milner, in aid of the special fund
for carrying on the work of the Hospital,—6th July, 1872.
WARSPITE TRAINING SHIP for POOR and
DESTITUTE BOYS. Established 1756.—The Committee of
the Marine Society gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of the
munificent DONATION of £100 from the Worshipful Compuny of
Grocers.
By order,
S., W. SADLER, R.N., Secretary.
Marine Society's offices, 54, Bishopsgate-street within, E.C.,
6h July, 1872.
LOST, between the Albert-hall and Praed-street,
supposed to have been dropped in Hyde-park, on Wednesday
evening, a GOLDSTUD, with an opal in the centre. Any one taking
it to 159, Fleet-street, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on the 4th, between Sioane-street, Denbigh¬
street, via Underground Railway, a HEART SHAPE, CHASED
AGOLD LOCKET turquowe flower. Whoever takes it to 7, Denbigh¬
street, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Friday afternoon, the 5th July, near the
Victoria Station, or in the train between there and Streatham¬
hill, a LADYS SMALL GOLD WATCH, white face, black horse-hair
chai, with common watch-key attached. Whoever will take the same
to the Station Master of the Crystal Palace Line. Victoria Station,
London and Brighton Railway, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS
REWARD.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on Wednesday
last, at the Crystal Palace, or between there and London-bridge
Station, a large-size LEVER GOLD HUNTING WATCH, inde¬
pendent centre seconds, jewelled in 22 holes, No. 8861, R. Upyohn, 125,
Edtware-road, London, engraved on dome. Whoever will return the
same to R. Upjohn, watchmaker, 135, Edgware-road, shall receive the
above reward.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, from the
Crystal Palace Dog Show, a ST. BERNARDS BITCH, name
Countess, colour yellowish brown, feet and legs white, dark brown
head, with white blaze on forehead, and white ring nearly all round
neck. The above reward will be paid in case of the recovery of the
said bitch. Apply to Mr. Wm. Rous, 165, White Ladies'-road, Red¬
land, Bristol.
DOG LOST (EI REWARD)—Isle of Skye Ter¬
rier, black with a little white on the breast. Answers to the name
of Tinker. Missed from Bush Farm, Kingsbury, on Saturday even¬
ing, June 22nd. The reward will be paid to any one taking the dog to
above address or to Mr. Warner's, Welsh Harp. Hendon. Any infor¬
mation thankfully received, but no further reward will be offered.
MISSING FRIENDS.—Unclaimed Money, &c.—
INQUIRIES made in the United States of America and Canada,
Legal business attended to abroad. Advertisements inserted in foreign
newspapers. Index to 26,000 advertisements for next of kin, heirs at
law, and legatees, 2s. 6d.—ROBERT GUN, American and colonial
agent, 6, Prince of Wales-road, London, N.W.
THE METROPOLITAN AUDIT DISTRICT.—
Wandsworth and Clapham Union.—I, the undersigned Hugh
Lioyd Roberts, Auditor of the above named District, do hereby give
notice that I have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the
WANDSWORTH and CLAPHAM UNION, and of the parishes
therein contained, for the half-year ended 25th March, 1872, to com¬
mence on Monday, the 22d day of July, 1872, at 10 o'clock in the fere¬
noon, at the Board Room, Wandswortn Workhouse, when and where
all persons who by law are bound to account at such audit are required
to attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers,
containing or relating to the accounts or to moneys assessed for and
applicable to the relief of the poor. —Dated the 29th day of June, 1872.
(Signed)	H. LLOYD ROBERTS, District Auditor.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—The COUNTY OF FORFAR.—No. 6,065.—Whereas in a
case of limitation of liability instituted in the High Court of Ad¬
miralty of England on behalf of Robert Craig, John Craig, Matthew
Andrew Muir, Alexander Kay and John Wilson all of the city of Glas¬
gow merchants owners of the ship "County of Forfar" against Messieurs
Penive Petuidier and Company of Havre, the owners of the late
barque Acapulco, and against the master and crew of the said
barque, and against the owners of part of the cargo lately laden
on board the said barque and against all and every person or persons
whomsoever intérested in the said barque Acapulco or in the cargo
lately laden thereupon or having any right title cleim or interest what¬
soever with reference to or arising out of the collision between the said
ship "County of Forfar; and the said barque "Acapulco" which
occurred on the 23rd day of March 1871, and in which said cause an
appearance has been entered on behalf of Messieurs Peuive Petiti¬
dier and Company of Havre in France as the owners of the said
vessel Acapulco, and portions of her cargo, and on behalf of Messieurs
A.A, Morlet and Company of No. 1 Billiter Square London merchants,
as owners of further portions of such cargo, and also on behalf of
the Master and Crew of the said barque, the Judge of the said Court
did on the 28th day of May 1872 amongst other things pronounce
that in respect of loss or damage to ships, goods, merchandize or
other things, caused by reason of the improper navigation of the
said vessel "County of Forfar," on the occasion of the said collision, the
owners of the said vessel: County of Forfar' are answerable in damages
to an amount not exceeding seven thousand nine bundred and seventy¬
three pounds (£7,973) such sum peing at the rate of eight pounds (£8)
for each ton of the registered tonnage of the said vessel "County of
Forfar" this is therefore to give notice to all persons having any
CLAIM in respect of the LOSS or DAMAGE caused as aforesaid that
if they do not come in and enter their claims in the said cause
(No. 6,065) on or before the 28th day of August neat ensuing they will
be excluded from sharing in the aforesaid amount.—Dated this seven¬
teenth day of June 1872.
H. A. BATHURST R.A.
(Seal of Court.)
Notice to appear taken out by Lyne à Holman 6a Austinfriars

ESSAY.—£25 is OFFERED for the best ESSAY
on BILLIARDS, as an amusement for all classes, specially in
reference to its use in clubs, literary, mechanict, and other institutes.
For conditions and Messrs, Armitage and Callender's report on above
subject, apply to Orme and Sons, St. Ann's-street, Manchester. Essays
to be posted not later than 3es t uly.
DUC de MONTEBELLOS CHAMPAGNES.—
Caution.—Whereas, an INJUNCTION in Chancery has been
optained in the cause "Duc de Montebello y Gemmer," restraining
the defendant and all others from selling or parting with sundry cases
of Rhenish wine, imported from Rotterdam, containing bottles bearing
imitation Duc de Montebello's labels and corks, and further prohi¬
biting the importation or sale of all wines bearing such imitation labelg
or corks; and whereas in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Jebons,"
tried in the Tribunal Gorrectionnel of Havre, a parcel of 250 cases.
containing 3,000 bottles of wine, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello
labels and corks, seized by the French Customs' authorities (the said
spurious wines having been sent from Germany and Havre to be
thence shipped to England, and thus through the colourable imports¬
tion from a French port to avoid detection on arrivat here), were ad¬
judged to be confiscated; all persons are hereby cautioned against deal¬
ing with spurious champagnes, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello

TAMPLIN and TAYLER, 159, Fenchurch-street, E.C.,
Solicitors to the Duc de Montebello.
R. SYMONDS and SON, 3, Ingram-court, 167, 168, Fen¬
church-street, E.C., Agents to the Duc de Montebello.
DUC de MONTEBELLO'S CHAMPAGNES.—
R. SYMONDS and SON direct especial attention to the pre¬
ceding CAUTION, as renewed attempts are being made to introduce
spurious wines, bearing forged Duc de Montebello labels and corks.
The genuine Duc de Montebello's Champagnes can be obtained of any
respectable wine merchant in town or country.
CAUTION.— THOS. TROTMANS DOUBLING¬
UP PERAMBULATORS, sold only at Cobden-house, and manu¬
factory, next to No. 2, High-Street, Camden-town. No agents. Trade
mark—Do you double up your Perambulator.
CAUTION.— HOWARD'S PATENT EASY
CHAIRS and SOFAS. All of genuine manufacture have a label
attached, with numbor of patent and address of patentee, 25, 26, and 27,
Berners-street, Oxford-street, W., and Cleveland Works.
CAUTION.—FISHERS GLADSTONE BAG.—
The inventor of this combined dressing and travelling bag em¬
ploys no agents. All genuine bags are stamped in gold in a garter.—
Fisher, 186, Strand.
CAUTION. —Ladies are informed that the only bona
fide improvements in LADIES SADDLES, for hunting, India,
and colonies, have been made and registered by Messrs. LANGDON,
Duke-street, Manchester-square, London. No agents.
CAUTION.—NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA caution
the public against hawkers using their name; and beg to state they
have no agents or travellers. Messrs. Negretti and Zambra's optical
establishments are only at Holborn-viaduct, 155, Fleet-street, 122, Re¬
gent-street, 59, Cornhill, and at Crystal Palace, Sydenham.
CAUTION.—TOULMIN and GALE have NO
AGENTS for the SALE of their PATENT INDIAN DESPATCH
BOXES, Travelling Bags, Dressing Cases, &c. The same can only be
obtained at their manufactory, 85 and 56, Cheapside, and west-end
branch, 7, New Bo.

CAUTION. — SHIPWRIGHTS I ZINGARI
BOUQUET. Each bottle of this celebrated perfume bears a
label with the colours of the cricket olub (black, red, and yellow)
printed across. Sole manufactory, 10, Tichborne-street, Regent¬

CAUTION NOTICE.—Trade Marks.—Messrs.
SAVORY and MOORE, chymists to the Queen and Royal Families
of England, Russia, &c., find it necessary to caution the nobilly and
the puolic generally against spurious imitations of their proprietary
article, BEST FOOD for INFANTS, which is registered, and pur¬
chasers should sse that their trade mark is on every label, with name
and address. —Savory and Moore, 143, New Bond-Street, London, W.
CAUTION.—Water Filters.—The LONDON and
GENERAL WATER PURIFYING COMPANY caution the
public that all its FILTERS have the Company's name on them, and
no others are genuine. It is also very essential that all letters should
have the number of their depot in the Strand, to prevent mistakes and
disappointment, as numerous letters have miscarried when the number
has been omitte 1. For prices, &c., apply or address to 157, Strand, W. C.
CAUTION.—WATERS'S QUININE WINE.—
Proceedings in Chancery.—Purchasers are cantioned against imi¬
tations of this preparation, as it was eficited in the recent Chancery
proceedings taken by Robert Waters that at least one unprincipled imi¬
rator did not use quinine at all in the manufacture of his wine. The
genuine article was supplied to the sick and wounded during the late
war, and bears our trude mark.—Waters and Williams, Worcester¬

CAUTION.—FREDK. EDGINGTON, marquee,
tent, rick-cloth, and tarpaulin mauufacturer, son and successor to
Thomas Edgington, the founder of the business at (onginal address)
No. 244, Tooley-street, in 1805, begs to inform the public he is now the
only living representative, and has no connexion with any house
carrying on a similar business under the name of Edgington. Be par¬
cular. Fredk. Edgington and Company, rick-cloth, &c., manufacturers
to Her Majesty, 52 (only), Old Kens-road, London, S.E.
CAUTION.—Improvements in Ice Safes.—Mr. Ash,
the inventor of the celebrated Piston Freezing Machine, having
recently patented an ICE SAFE, termed the Filtering Refrigerator,
which produces important advantages not to be obtained by the use or
any others, vendors of the most ordinary refrigerators are now adopt¬
ing a similer title, therefore it becomes necessary to give public notice
that Mr. ash's Patent can only be procured from the PISTON FREEZ¬
ING MACHINE and ICE COMPANY, 314, 3150, Oxford-street, W.
(near Harewood-gate).
CAUTION.—SANITARY CLOTH.—Every second
yard of this patented material has stamped on the selvage the
word Sanitary, as a distinguishing trade mark for cloth sold in the
piece, and all garments made of this Sanitarr Cloth have a ticket show¬
ing the following trade mark—a device of a heart, tinted blue, with the
words Patent Sanitary Cloth, shower not air proof. All colouruble
imitations of the above will be proceeded against according to law.—
D. NICOLL and Co., 58 and 59, Paternoster-row, St. Paul's churchyard,
London.
CAUTION.—In calling the attention of the trade
to a recent decision in the House of Lords, in the case of
Wotherspoon v. Currie," whereby our exclusive right to the use of
the word "Glenfield" in connexion with Starch is indisputably esta¬
blished, would also intimate that this decision renders the sale of the
starch made by the defendant illegal, and will subject the selier of it
to a penaity of £10,000. We beg to intimate to those who may have
been induced to buy it, that to save them from total loss we will
allow 20s. per cwt. for it at the Glenfield Starch Works, Paisley, in
exchange for the genuine article, at the current price. This will
entall a loss upon ourselves, as the packets will be broken up and sold
for waste starch, but it will at the same time be the means of rendering
the article useless for further deception. Any information that will
lead to conviction will be rewarded.—R. WOTHERSPOON and Co.
CAUTION.—£1,000.—Whereas it has come to my
knowledge that since the publication of my book, "A Sincere
Voice of Warning against Quacks," &c., many of these ounsi-doctors
are maliciously cirenlating all kinds of false reports, one of which con¬
cerns the value of my testimonials.—This is to give natice, that the
above amount will be paid to any person who can disprove the genuine¬
ness of my Electric Appliances, or of my testimonials and sclentific
documents, as published in my pamphist (Galvanism, Nature's Chief
Restorer of Impaired Vital Energy), and elsewhere. I am at all times
willing to show experimental proofs of the former, and the originals
of the latter, to any person interested who may call upon me at my
Gaivanic Establishment, 16, Regent-street, W.
J. L. PULVERMACHER.
Signed in the presence of James G. Lews, solicitor, Ely-place,
June 19, 1872.
