H. N. to J. M.—COMMUNICATE with me in¬
stantly, and all will be weil, Your acts are prompted by an
overworked brain. Children clamouring for on.
SHERIDAN.—WANTED, the CHRISTIAN NAME.
Address, and Occupation of the FATHER of HELEN SHERI¬
DAN, who was born about 1800, and in-1819 married Robert Dudle
Blake. Apply to Mr. Dudley 19, Chippenham-road, Harrow-road, W.
THE CANCER HOSPITAL (tree), founded 1851,
Brompton, and 167, Piccadilly, W.—The Committse gratefully
ACKROWLEDGE the RECEITT of a DONATION of £50 from
J. V., in aid of this Hospital.—H. J. JUPP, Sec.
THE HOSPITAL for WOMEN, Soho-square.—
President, the Earl of SHAFTES BURY K.G.—The Com¬
mittee of Management have the pleasure to ACKNOWLEDGE a
DONATION of £10 10s. as a thankoffering for partial restoration.—
DAVID CANNON, Sectetary.
THE GREAT NORTHERN HOSPITAL, Cale¬
donian-road, N., London, Totally unendowed and entirely free.
The Managing Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE DONA¬
TION of TWENTY GUINEAS from the Worshipful Company of
Drabers, in ald of the funds.—A. PHILLIPS, Secretary.—13th March.
WARSPITE TRAINING SHIP for POOR and
DESTITUTE BOYS. The Committee of the Marine Society
ACKNOWLEDGE, with thanks, the RECEPT of £5 from W. G.—
A. WHITCHURCH SADLER, R.N., Secretary.—Offices, 54as
Bishopegate within, E.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application, having been made to the Governors of the Bank
of England to direct, the payment of Eight Dividends on the sum of
£1,854 11s. 4d. Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities heretofore stand¬
ing in the name of GEORGE WILLIAM LOWTHER, of Bawtry¬
hall, Bawtry, Yorkshire, Esquire, and which Dividends were paid over
to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in con¬
sequence of the first thereof having remained unclaimed since the
5th January, 1869 ;  Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of
three months from this date (March 15th, 1879), the said Dividends
will be paid to George William Lowther, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim

LOST, in the Bayswater-road, on the evening of
March 13th, a PUG DOG, fawn coloured, large eyes thick
sai, name Puuch, black leather collar. Whoever will take him to
No. 3. Connaught-place, Hyde-park, shall receive FIVE POUNDS
REWARD.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the Chinese Govern¬
ment having made effective the INDEMNITY granted to the
owners of the CARGO of the Spanish barque SOBERANA. P. J. de
Olano, master, wrecked and plundered on the Island of Formosa on
the 31st December, 1862, all parties entitied to any PARTICIPA¬
TION therein must present their claims in due order at the Foreign
Office, Madrid: those resiring in Europe, within three months, and
those residing in Asis and Amer ca, within six months, after 19th
February 1879, being the date of publication of the present notice in
the Madrid Gazette. Londor, 10th March, 1879. By order, The
Spanish Consul-General, ISIDORO MILLAS.
SHARE INVESTMENT TRUST.—In consequence
of an injunetion having been granted by the High Court of
Justice against the trustees dealing with the funds and property of
the Trust until the hearing of the action commenced, no payment of
interest can be made at present. It is of importance that the Trustees
should at once be made acquainted with the NAMES, ADDRESSES,
and anount of holding in Preferred and Deferred Certificates, of
every CERTIFICATE HOLDER. All such are earnes ly requested
at once to rend in full particulars to the Secretary. A printed state¬
ment of the Trustees as to a proposed recoustruction of the Trust will
be sent by post to all who so send in particulars, but noue will be
delivered on personal application. The Trustees desire to point out
that it will rest with the Certificateholders to make the early resump¬
tion of interest payments practicable.

E. D. JONAS, Secretary.
sen Victoria-street, E.C., 12th March, 1879.
PPLICATION for a LIGENCE of the BOARD
of TRADE.—Notice is hereby given that in pursuance of the
23rd Section of the Companies' Act 1567, application has been made
to the Soard of Trade for a Licence directing an Association of the
name of "The SOCIETY for PROMOTING the EMPLOYMENT of
WOMEN" to be Registered with Limited Liability without the addi¬
tion of the word "Limited" to its name.
The objects for which the Association is Established are
(al The opening up of new Employments to Women and the more
extensive admission of women into such employments as are already
open to them.
(b) The providing of technical instructionifor girls and young women,
by, apprenticeship or other means, in business of vanious kinds suited
to their strength and capacity, and the procuring of employment for
them when trained.
(c) The doing of all such lawful things as are incidental or con¬
ducive to the attainment of the above objects.
Notice is hereby further given that any Person, Company, or Cor¬
poration objecting to this application may bring such objection before
the Board of Trade on or before the fifth day of April next, by a letter
addressed to the Assistant Secretary, Railway Department, Board of
Trade, Whitehall, London, S.W.
Dated ths 15th day of March
22, Berners Street, W. GERTRUDE JANE KING, Secretary.
WHEREAS, the MASTER, WARDENS, and
COMMONALTY of FREEMEN of the ART or MYSTERY
of CLOTHWORKERS of the City of London, being interested, as
Trustees of the COUNTESS of KENTS CHARITY, and in their
own Corporate right respectively, under the provisions of
When
clooure Acts, 1845 to 1878," in the LAND and HEREDITAMENTS
set forth in thechedule hereunder written, with the Easements and
Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and being desirous of effecting
an EXCHANGE of the same, have made application, in writing, to
the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, to direct in¬
quiries whether such proposed exchange would be beneficial to the
owners of such respective lands and hereditaments, and to proceed
with the same under the provisions of the said Acts.
Now the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, being of
opinion that such exchange would be beneficial, and that the terms
thereof are just and reasonable, hereby give notice that they will
cause to be framed and confirmed, under their hands and seal, an
Order of Exchane in the matter of the said application, unless
notice in writing of dissent to the said proposed Exchange be given to
them by some person entitled to an estate in, or to a charge upon, the
said Land and Hereditaments or any part thereof, on or before the
30th day of June next.
The Schedule to which the foregoing notice refers:—
Land and Hereditaments in which the above named Master, War¬
dens, and Commonalty of Freemen of the Art or Mystery of Cloth¬
workers of the City of London, as Trustees of the Countess of Kent's
Charity as aforesaid are interested, sttuate in the extra-parochial pre¬
cinct of Whitefriars, in the City of London, and proposed to be ex¬
changed for the Land and Hereditaments hereinafter specified.
Description.—A Parcel of Land, with the buildings thereon, situate,
on the north side of Temple-street and the enst side of Glass house¬
alley, Whitefriars (in lease to Messrs. Powell), 900ft. 3in, superficial
Land and Hereditaments in which the above named Master, War¬
dens, and Commonalty of Freemen of the Art or Mystery of Cloth¬
workers of the City of London in their own corporate right as afore¬
said are interested, situate in the extra-parochial precinct of White¬
friars, in the City of London, and proposed to be exchanged for the
Land and Hereditaments hereinbefore specified.
Description.—A Parcel of Land, with the buildings thereon, situate
on the north side of Temple Street and the west side of Glass-house¬
alley, Whitefriars (in lease to Mr. John Watts Bodman), 2,562ft. 9in.
superficial.
Witness my hand this 4th day of March, in the year of our Lord One
thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine.
CHARLES WOOD, by order of the Board.
Inclosure Commission, 3, St. James's-square, London, S.W.
MANAWATU LAND ORDERS. —Notice is hereby
given, that on the 30th day November 1477, an Act was passed
by the General Assembly of New Zealand, intituled an Act to provide
for the satisfaction of certain Land Orders issued by the New Zealand
Company, and theretefore exercised in the Manawatu or Horowhenua
districts, within the aforesaid Company's settlement at Wellington.
The attention of every person claiming under any such Land Orders
as aforesaid is drawn to the provisious of the said Act next follow¬

Every person claiming land within the Provincial District of Wel¬
lington under any Land Order originally issued by the New Zealand
Company, and which has bees exe cised in the Manawatu or Horow¬
benua Districts, must, within 12 months from the 30th November, 1877,
if he be a resident in the Cojony, and within two years from such date
it he be a resident elsewhere, give notice in writing, by himselt or his
agent, to the Commissioner appointed for the District of Wellington
under the Ordinance of the Legisiative, Council of the Islands of New
Zea and, Session 15, No. 11, for the hearing and decision of his claim
under the provisions of the said Act, and at the time of making his
application for the satisfaction of his claim must lodge with the Com¬
missioner the original land order under which he claims to be entitied
to select any section of land Unless such land order shall previously
have been lodged with the Commissioner no claim can be heard and
determined until such original land order is lodged, or proof of the
loss given to the satisfaction of the Commissioner.
The Commissioner will report to the Governor the name of the per¬
son found to be entitled to land under any particular land order, the
particular number thereof, the fact of such land order having been
lodged with him, or of his having received satisfactory proof of the
loss thereof, and the amount in value stated in such land order; such
report is to be oosidered and approved by the Governor in Council,
and forthwith published in the New Zealand Gazette, with the date
of the approval attached thereto.
Notification of the Governor's approval is a sufficient warrant to the
Commissioner to issue to the persons named in such approved report
as being entitied to land, scrip for the amount of money originally
paid for the land order under which any such persons have been found
to be entitied, together with compensation to the amount of £1 for
every £1 sterling represented by such land order added thereto; so
that every person found entitled shall receive £2 in value for every
20s. in value to which he shall have been found entitied, except in
cases of lost land orders, in which case proceedings must be taken
under the Lost Land Orders Act, 1861.
No scrip can be delivered by the Commissioner uutil the land order
in satisfaction ot which such scrip is issued has been cancelled by
him,
Uyon the receipt of scrip all the right, title, interest, claim, and de¬
mand of the person to whom the same is issued, and of all other per¬
sons whatsoever, to the land in respect of which scrip shall have been
issued is extinguished; and the is ue of such scrip is, both at law and
in equity, a full and complete performance by the Crown, ou behalf of
the New Zealand Company, of the contract or obligation of the Com¬
pany in respect of which such scrip shall have been issued
All scrip to be issued under the authority of the said Act is trans¬
fetable and is receivable as cash by the Receiver of Land Revenue in
or towards the purchase of waste lands of the Crown in any part of
the provincial district of Wellington, but not elsewhere, and must be
exercised within five years from the date of its issue; claims for the
exercise of atrimnot made within such period of five years are barred.
The Comm'ssioner cannot entertain or investigate any claims in
which the clammant shall not have no ified his intention to have his
claim heard and decided under the provisions of the said Act within
the time limited for making such application. All claimants failing
to aveil themselves of the provisions of the said Act are barred, and
their claim extinguished by reason of such default.
Claimants not resident within the Colony of New Zealand should
forthwith appoint a duly authorized agent to do and perlorm whatever
may be requisite to obtam the benefit of the said Act. —Dated at Wel¬
lington this 4th day of January, 1878.
(Signed) DAVID LEWIS, a Commissioner for the purposes
of the above referred to Act.
CHE LAND TRANSFER ACT, 1875.—Office of Land
Registry.—No. 705.—Advertisement and Notice of Application.—
Notice.—JAMES HOWARD and FREDERICK HOWARD, both of
Bedford, in the County of Bedford, Esqs., have aprlied to be Re¬
GITERED  PROPRIETORS, w.th an absolute title of the FREE¬
HOLD LAND, in the parish of Clapham, in the County of Bedford,
called or known as Clapham-park, containing by estimation
520a. Ir. 36p., or thereabouts, comprised in the description left in this
office, and numbered on the tithe map of the said parish 38 (part of
41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57 (part of), 58,
59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66 (part of). 67 (part of) 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74.
75, 76, 77, 78, 79. 80. 81, 82. 83, 84, 85. 86, 87, 83, 92 (part of), 96, 97, 98,
99, 100, 101, 102, 103, 104, 105, 106, 107, 108, 109 (part of), 112 (part on).
114 (part of, 115 (part of), 116 (part of), 117 (part of), 122 (part of), 123,
124, 125, 126. Any person desirous of objecting may come in and make
his objection to the Registrar, by notice in writing, signed by him or
his solicitor, stating the particulars of the objection, and an address
in the United Kingdom on which service on him shall be made, lodged
in this office within three months from the date hereof. The aforesaid
description may be inspected at this office.—Dated this 15th day of

O D. MORDAUNT, Chief Cler.
BOWER and COTTON, 46, Chancery-lane, Applicants' Solicitors.
BILLIARDS.—St. James's-hall, Piccadilly.— JOSEPH
BENNETTS ALL ENGLAND HANDICAP, on the Americar
brinciple, in heats of 500 up, for £50, THIS AFTERNOON, at 3.0
TONIGHT, at 8. The Bennett Table, made specially for this
naudicap by Messrs. Burroughes and Watts, is a medium between
the championship and ordinary table. Jos. Bennett (ex-Champ on),
seratch; T. Taylor, scratch; A. Bennett, 50; G. Collins, 50; F. Ben¬
nett, 50; Lloyd, 80; Richards, 80; Hunt, 80. This afternoon, at
3.0, first heat. F. Benn ett. 50,v. Richards, 80; second heat, at 4.30,
Hunt, 80, v. Lloyd, 60. To-night, at 8, first heat, Collins, 50, v. A.
Bennett, 50 ; last he at, at 9.30, J. Bennett v. Tayior. Ladies admitted
in the afternoon only. Tickets for the series, £1 11s. 6d.; single
tickets 5s., at Bennett's Rooms, Oxford-street; Cook's, Regent¬
street; A. Hays', Royal Exchange; and Austin's office, St. James's¬

RE-PAVING HIGH HOLBORN.—JAMES
CARTER and Co., the Queen's Seedsmen, of 237 and 238, High
rnbeg to announce that carriages can set down a few doors
west of their establishment.—March 7th. 1879.
NEXT of KIN.—£50,000,000 Unclaimed.—Upwards
of 20,000 persons have been advertised for during the last century
to claim money and property. An Index to these advertisements
sent post free 2s. 1d.—DOUGAL and Co., 223, Strand, London.
WORLEDGES CONFIDENTIAL AGENCY,
W.
16, Moreton-place, Pimlico. S.W.—INQUIRIES, &c., Missing
Friends Traced, by Mr. Worledge, late Chief of Detective Police.
CHE PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, established
1852, by C. F. Field, late Chief of the Metropolitan Detective
Police, and C. Nicholis, has an Agency' in Paris. Office hours 11 till 4.
—33, Essex-street,-Strand.
FORRESTER'S FRIVATE and CONFIDENTIAL
INVESTIGATION OFFICE, established 1850. Conducted by
Hessrs. Forrester and Death (agents abroad).—28s. Basinghali¬
street, E.C.
FIRST-CLASSFRENCH COOKERY.—WEDDING
BREAKFASTS, Dinners, Balls, Suppers, Sourées, Garden
Parties, &c., either by contract or single dishes, supulied in the most ele
gant and recherche style, at moderate prices, by ALFRED DUCLOS,

oner, 66, Oxford-street. London, W.
