DEAR WALTER.—We are wretched. Pray
RETURN HOME, or Write. We will forgive you, and every¬
shall be arranged according to your wishe
MR. CHARLES J. GREGORY.—Your SISTER
in AUSTRALIA wishes to HEAR from you. Address given by
a to Mr. George Street, 30, Cornhill.
MR. GEORGE LEE, civil engineer, late of Bir¬
mingham, who visited Texas about six or seven years ago, will
please SEND his ADDRESS to Walker and Hoffman, 150, Leaden¬
hall-Street, London.
ST. PETER's HOSPITAL for STONE, &c., 54,
Berners-street, Oxford-street, W. The House Committee thank¬
fully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of a BANK of ENGLAND
NOTE, No. M-E 91195, for £5, being a donation from J. O. Y.
26th September, 1866.
J. P. C.ESAR, Secretary.
LOST, on Saturday evening last, between Islington
and the city, a KNIFE and FORK (accompaniments of a High¬
land dirk), silver and cairngorm mounted, and of little worth to any
person but the owner. If restored to Mr. Allsop, stationmaster, Broad¬
street Station, the finder shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, by a poor man, on Tuesday evening, the 26th
Sept., a BANK BAG, containing five sovereigns and seven shil¬
ings in silver, between Bow-lane Police Station and Islington Church.
Whoever has found the same, and will bring it to T. Corgan, 13, Great
May's-buildings, St. Martin's-lane, will be liberally REWARDED.
LOST, on the 7th inst., in the neighbourhood of the
Bank of England, a TRANSFER of 14 SHARES in the LON¬
DON and WESTMINSTER BANK. Whoever has found the same
and will take it to the Transfer-office, at the London and Westminster
Bank, shall receive TWO POUNDS REWARD
ABUNCH of KEYS was LEFT in a CAB, which
took up a lady and gentleman at the Lyceum Theatre to 21 a,
Green-Street. The finder of them will be REWARDED upon bringing
them to 21 a, Green-street, Grosvenor-square.
THE GENTLEMAN who DROPPED some
MONEY on Monday last, while making a purchase at Albion
Snell's, watchmaker and jeweller, 114. High Holborn, can have the
same on application and paying the cost of this advertisement.
METROPOLITAN POLICE OFFICE.—FOUND,
with other property, in
aterloo-road, lately
occupied by two prisoners, a large IRON-BOUND TRUNK, with two
brass locks, painted stone colour, 33 inches long, 21 broad, 22 deep;
"E. G." painted on top. Labels, "London (Charing-cross) to Paris,
by Calais, 225," and other railway tickets. Application to be made at
the Police Station, Carter-street, Walworth, S.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of £2,580 14s.
Consolidated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the
name of STAMATY ZIZINIA, of New Broad-street, merchant, and
which dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt in consequence of its having remained unclaimed
since the 5th July, 1856; Notice is hereby given that, on the expira¬
tion of three months from this date, the said Dividend will be paid to
Stamaty Zizinia, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of nine dividends on the sum of
£10 17s. 5d. Long Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
GEORGE WALSH HALLAM, of Brent Pelham, Herts, Esq., and
which dividends were paid over to the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt in consequence of the first thereof
having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1856;—Notice is hereby
given, that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said
Dividends will be paid to Charles Walpole, one of the executors of the
said George Walsh Hallam, deceased, who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £6,666 13s. 4d., Consoli¬
dated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names
of JOSEPH WILSON, of Streatham, Surrey, Esq.; JOSEPH HENRY
WILSON, of tthe Middle, Temple, Barrister-at-law; and JOHN
DEVERELL, of Purbrook-park, Hants, Esq., and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon kaving remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1846;—Notice
is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid,
to Joseph Henry Wilson and John Deverell, the survivors, who have
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and

TO the LIVERYMEN of the GOLDSMITHS'
COMPANY.—By virtus of a Precept from the Lord Mayor, you
are required to APPEAR at the Guildhall, on Saturday, the 29th Sep¬
tember instant, by half-past 11 o'clock in the forenoon, to proceed to
the parish church of St. Lawrence Jewry, to hear Divine Service and
a Sermon, and afterwards to return to Guildhall, for the Election of
a Lord Mayor for the year ensuing. F. A. BABER, Beadle.
Goldsmiths' Hall.
BY virtue of a precept from the Right Hon. the Lord
Mayor, the LIVERYMEN of the DRAPERS' COMPANY are
hereby requested to APPEAR at Guildhall on Saturday, the 29th in¬
stant, in their livery gowns, by half-past 11 of the clock in the forenoon,
and to go from thence to the parish church of St. Lawrence, Jewry,
there to hear Divine service and a sermon, and afterwards to return to
Guildhall for the Election of a Lord Mayor for the year ensuing.
September 26, 1860.
FREDK. CHIPPERFIELD, Beadle.
PHILLIPS, Mayor.
ACOURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN held in
the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London, on
Tuesday, the 25th day of September, 1866, and in the 30th year of the
reign of Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire¬
land, Queen, &c.
Persons who at their own request have been Discharged from the
office of Broker within the city of London and its liberties, viz.:—

Residences.
Thomas Russell Robinson..20, Mincing-lane.
Richard James Cuttill 4, Union-court, Old Broad-street.
Thomas William Smith	12, Billiter-street.
William Wrench Towse..	..South Norwood.
Thomas Barber Grobecker. 54, Threadneedle-street.
WOODTHORPE.
PHILLIPS, Mayor.
A COURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held in
the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London, on
Tuesday, the 25th day of September, 1866, and in the 30th year of the
reign of Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
Queen, &c.
Persons ADMITTED to act as BROKERS within the city of London
and its liberties, viz.:—
Names.
Residences.
Albert Leland Ne 
7, Austinfriars.
Charles Branch
 27, Austinfriars.
Derman Christopherson
Tokenhouse-yard.
Charles Bartram, jun.. 5, Great Winchester-street.
Henry William Lindow
Tokenhouse-yard.
Henry Waite.


Crown-court, Threadneedle-st.
Arthur Goddard Jones
L
James Warren
2, Crown-court, Threadneedle-st.
Henry William Lowe,117, Leadenhall-Street.
WOODTHORPE.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 3,181.—The OBEY and ARTHUR.—Whereas in a
cause of limitation of liability instituted in the High Court of Admi¬
ralty of England on behalf of George Deslandes, of No. 23, Commer¬
cial-buildings, in the Island of Jersey, shipowner, and others, the
owners of the bark Obey, against the owners of the ship or vessel
Arthur, and the master and crew thereof, the plaintiffs in a cause of
damage instituted in this Court, entitled the Obey (No. 3,158), and
against all and every other person or persons whomsoever having any
right, title, claim, or interest whatever with reference to or arising out
of a collision which occurred on the 22d day of February, 1866, be¬
tween the said vessels Obey and Arthur, the Judge of the said Court
did, on the 31st day of July, 1866, among other things, pronounce that
the owners of the said vessel Obey are entitled to limited liability ac¬
cording to the provisions of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and the
Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, and that in respect of
loss or damage to ship's goods, merchandise, or other things caused by
reason of the improper navigation of the said vessel Obey on the oc¬
casion of the collision between the said vessel and the vessel Arthur
on the 22d day of February, 1866, the owners of the said vessel Obey
are answerable in damages to the amount of £2, 168 and no more, being
at the rate of £8 for each ton of the registered tonnage of the said
vessel Obey:—This is therefore to give notice to all persons having any
CLAIM in respect of the LOSS or DAMAGE caused as aforesaid,
that if they do not come in and enter their claims in the said cause on
or before the 31st day of October next ensuing, they will be excluded
from sharing in the aforesaid amount. —Dated this 11th day of August,
1866.
(L.S.) H. A. BATHURST, Assistant Registrar.
Notice to appear taken out by Clarkson, Son, and Cooper, No. 24,
Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons, London.
JOSE AGUSTIN MAGDALENA, Juez de pri¬
mera instancia de la I. villa de Bilbao y su Partido, que por in¬
compatibilidad de los Sres. Prior, Consules y sustitutos del Tribunal
de Comercio de esta Plaza entiende on el espediente de quiebra de la
Compailia concesionaria del FERRO-CARRIL de TUDELA a BIL¬
BAO, Juez Comisario de la misma:
Hago Saber: que con vista de la manifestacion espontinea presen¬
tada por el Consejo de Administracion de dicha Compania se la ha
declarado en Audiencia de hoy en estado de quiebra, retrotrayendo sus
efectos por ahora y sin perjuicio de tercero, al treinta y uno de Octubre
de mil ochocientos sesenta y cinco, habiendo nombrado por depositario
de ella a D. Gregorio de Iturriaga, del Comercio de esta plaza.
Por tanto, prohibo se hagan pagos ni entregas de efectos à la Com¬
pailio quebrada sine a diche depositario bajo la pena de no quedar
descargados de los referidos pagos ni entregas de las obliga¬
ciones los que los tengan pendientes. Prevengo à todas las
personas en cuyo poder existan pertenencias de dicha Compailia,
hagan manifestacion de ellas por notas que entregarin al sefior Juez
Comisario pena de ser tenidos por ocultadores de bienes y complices en
la quiebra. Se convoca à los acreedores para la primera Junta general
cuya celebracion tendri lugar el dia once de Octubre proximo y ocho
horas de su maiiana en el Salon del Almacen de la Estacion de Abando,
junto al puente de Isabel II., para cuyo dia, hors y local les cito, llamo
emplazo, sin perjuicio de las citaciones personales y demas que se
hicieren con arreglo a las prescripciones del Codigo de Comercio y Ley
de Enjuiciamiento Mercantil bajo apercibimiento de pararles el per¬
juicto que haya lugar. —Dado on Bilbao 413 de Setiembre de 1866
JOSE AGUSTIN MAGDALENA.
P. M. de S. S., JULIAN DE ANSUATEGUI.
(Translation.)
I. Don José Agustin Magdalena, Judge of the First Instance of the
never-conquered Town of Bilbao and its District, who, by reason of the
incompatibility of the President, Consuls, and Substitutes of the Tribunal
of Commerce of this place, is engaged in the proceedings of the failure
of the Company, the concessionaire (grantee) of the RAILROAD from
TUDELA to BILBAO, Judge Commissary of the same, make known
that, in view of the spontaneaus statement presented by the Council
of Administration of the said Company, it has been declared at the
sitting of to-day in a state of failure, carrying back its effects for the
present, and without prejudice to third parties, to the 31st of October,
1865, and having named, as Receiver of it, Don Gregorio de Iturriaga,
a merchant of this place.
Therefore, I forbid that payments, or delivery of effects, be made to
the failed Company, but to the said Receiver, under the penalty that
those who have them outstanding shall not be discharged by the said
payments or deliveries from their obligations. I caution all persons in
whose possession property of the said Company may be, that they give
notice of it by memoranda, which they shall deliver to the Judge Com¬
missary, under penalty of being held as concealers of property and
accomplices in the failure. The creditors are called together for the
first General Mesting, which will be held on the 11th day of October
next, at 8 o'clock in the morning, in the hall of the warehouse of the
Station of Abando, near to the Bridge of Isabella the Second, for
which day, hour, and place I cite, call, and summon them, without pre¬
judice to the personal and other citations which may be made in accord¬
ance with the requirements of the Commercial Code and the Law of
Mercantile Judicial Procedure, under warning of their incurring the
prejudice which may arise.
Given at Bilbao the 13th of September, 1866.
JOSE AGUSTIN MAGDALENA.
By Command of His Lordship, JULIAN DE ANSUATEGUI.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. BURGOYNE (late
Balley and Burgoyne) respectfully announces that he has RE¬
MOVED from 22, Inverness-road to his new and more convenient
offices, at Westbourne-hall, 26, Westbourne-grove, Bayswater, where
he will continue to carry on the business of auctioneer, estate, and
house agent and valuer in all their branches.
NOTICE.—In consequence of numerous mistakes and
inquiries, PETER ROBINSON begs to inform his customers and
the public that for the future his MOURNING BUSINESS will be
conducted at the premises but recently completed—viz, 256, 258, 260,
262, Regent-street, and not, as formerly, at his coloured establishment,
Nos. 103 to 108, Oxford-street. W.
NOTICE.—Messrs. CHAMPION and Co., of the
well-known vinegar and mustard works, 115, City-road, find it
necessary to state that they have no connexion whatever with any
other firm. Confusion and misunderstanding existing as to the deli¬
very of letters and orders, consumers are particularly requested to ad¬
dress to
CHAMPION and Co.
Vinegar Works, 115, City-road, E.C.
PURE SPRING WATER for SALE.—The SOUTH
ESSEX WATERWORKS COMPANY is prepared to TREAT fo
the SALE of several millions of gallons of PURE SPRING WATER
per day to water companies, boards of health, and manufacturers at
the East end of London. This pure spring water can be obtained in
any quantity for shipping at the wharf of the Grays Chalk Quarries
ses¬
M. BEALE, Secretary.
No. 21, Gresham-Street, Old Jewry, E.C.
MESSRS. FORRESTER's INQUIRY OFFICE,
No. 6, Dane's-inn, St. Clement's, Strand (under the direction of
Mr. Jno. Forrester, late principal Police Officer at the Mansion-house,
city). Important and confidential inquiries made in England and
broad.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE: established 1852,
at 20, Devereux-court, Temple.—This office has had con¬
fided to it some of the most remarkable cases of the day—namely, the
Smyth Forgeries, the Worcester Forgeries, the Rugeley Murders,
horse poisonings, incendiary fires, divorce and libel cases. Inquiries
made for noblemen, gentlemen, solicitors, railway and insurance
companies.— JOHN SIMPSON.
