BELLA DONNA.—All well at home, and relations
D.
the same. Dog arrived safely.
L. W.—COME to 15, New King's-road, Chelsea, S.W.
J. W., do write at once, or come. It is important.—PAGET.
WILHELM B.—BA. Give notice of your where¬
abouts, without delay. Everything will be arranged. Return
at once, or you will only make things worse.—JOS. B. B., Vienna.
TO A. G. de T., who left his home Saturday, 14th.—
M. T. remembers him; that he is a true, good friend, and that
he may apply to him for anything he wants to the address he knows.
IF the GENTLEMAN who called at 42, Penton¬
place, Newington-butts, some weeks ago and promised to call
again, but has not done so, will CALL, he will see the party, who will
give him any information he requires.
DECOYED by gipsies from her HOME, in Prussia,
ANNA BOCKLER, 41 years old, stature tall, eyes blue, fore¬
head round, complexion fair but tanned by the sun, hair very light
cut short, hands and feet small, sear on left breast.—ONE HUN¬
DRED POUNDS REWARD for her recovery.—Ignatius Pollaky, 13,
Paddington-gre.
en.
LEFT in a Hansom CAB, which took a gentleman,
on Thursday afternoon, from 14, St. James's-square, to 36, Bury¬
street, and thence to Victoria Station (Brighton line), a BLACK
COURIER BAG, containing, amongst other articles, two sets of gold
studs. On returning the bag to No. 36, Bury-street, St. James's, a
liberal REWARD will be given.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in a Hansom
cab, on Thursday morning, Sept. 5, between St. James's-street
and Messrs. Poole's, in Savile-row, a DARK GREEN POCKETBOOK,
containing seven £10 Bank of England notes, numbers stopped, with
some visiting cards, memorands, &c., useful only to the owner. Who¬
ever will take the pocketbook and contents to Messrs. H. Poole and
Co., Savile-row, shall receive the above reward.
A MAISON J. E. GUNZBURG, a Paris et à
Pétersbourg, previent le public qu'elle n's rien de commun ni
aucun rapport d'affaires avec Mr. Alexandre Gunzburg.
REWARD.—£50 will be paid to any person who will
offer satisfactory EVIDENCE that a DEED, bearing date the
1sth of March, 1854, and made between Thomas Neilson, therein de¬
scribed of Chacon-street, in the Port of Spain, in the Island of
Trinidad, West Indies, and of Strabane, Tyrone, Ireland, Esq., Doctor
of Mediome, of Mountnelier, and Mrs. Henriette Neilson, lawful wife
of the said Thomas Neilson of the first part, and Alfred Latham, of
London, Esq., and Henry Stone, of Port of Spain, in the Island of
Trinidad, West lndies, of the second part, and purporting to be exe¬
cuted by said Henriette Neilson, in presence of James Chambers,
Robert Hamilton, and F. C. Mathieu, and purporting to be executed
by said Thomas Neilson, in presence of William McLaughlin, M.D.,
and Joseph Stafford, and bearing at foot thereof the words "Henry
Stone, Trinidad, solicitor," was prepared and engrossed in England,
Scotland, or Ireland; and any information touching said deed and
its alleged execution will be thankfully received, and any expenses
actending the communication paid by the undersigned.—Dated this
23rd day of August, 1872.	JOHIN MAC SHEEHY, Solicitor,
13, Talbot-street, Dublin.
NOTICE of REMOVAL. — METROPOLITAN
DRINKING FOUNTAIN and CATTLE TROUGH ASSOCI
ATION 4. Victoria-street, Westminster, S.W. (late 1, Shorter's-court
Throgmorton-street).
In consequenee of the offices at Shorter's-court being required by the
onners, the Committee beg to inform their subscribers and friends tha
the address of this Society in future will be as above, 4, Victoria,street
Westminster, S.W.
JOHV LEE, Secretary.
—
CHARITY COMMISSION.—In the Matter of the
Charity called SUTTON'S HOSPITAL in Charterhouse, in the
county of Middlesex.—By direction of the Board of Charity Commis¬
sioners for England and Wales, notice is hereby given, that an
ORDER is proposed to be made by them after the expiration of one
calendar month, to be computed from the first publication of this
notice, having the following objects, namely:—
Establishing a Scheme providing for the future regulation and
sovernment of the abovementioned Charity, including the apportion¬
ment of the income between the School and Hospital branches
thereof.
Print of the proposed Scheme may be inspected without charge
daily, except on Sundays, during the space of 21 days from the first
publication of this notice, between the hours of 11 a.m. and 3 p.m., at
the Registrar's office, in Charterhouse, and at the office of the Charity
Commissioners, 8, York-street, St. James's-square.
Any objections to the proposed Order, or sugrestions for its modifi¬
cation, may be trensmitted, in writting to the Secretary of the said
Commissioners, at their office, within 21 days next after the first pub¬
ication of this notice. — Dated this 29th day of Angust, 1872.
HENRY M. VANE, Secretary.
PROOF of GUN BARRELS.—NOTICE as to
OFFENCES and PENALTIES.—To Merchants, Shippers, Cus¬
tom-house Agents, Pawnbrokers, Makers of or Dealers in Guns, Pistols.
or other Small Arms, and to all other persons whom it may concern.—
The Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house hereby give notice as

1. The Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1868 (31 and 32 Victoria, chap. 113,
Local), constitutes the sale, exchange, or exportation, or the exposing
or kesping for sale, exchange, or exportation, of any small arm of
which the barrel or barrels have not been duly proved and marked as
proved, according to the said Ast, an offence, and makes the offender
liable to a penaity of not exceeding £20 for every unproved barrel,
half the penalty going to the informer.
2. Pawning or piedking, or taking in pawn or pledge, small arms with
unproved barrels is made a similar offence, and is attended with a
similar penalty.
3. Any attempt to sell, exchange, or export, or to pawn or pledge,
small arms with unproved barrels is also an offence, and is attended
with a similar penalty.
4The Government mark (commonly known as the Tower mark),
and which often remains upon barrels purchased from Government,
does not exempt them from lability to proof under the said Act,
unless the regulations of section 119 are strictly complied with.
5. The Act extends to imported foreign arms. Notice in writing of
the importation must be-given and the barrels sent for proof, unless
the arms imported are intended only for conversion and export; but
even then notice is requisite. Foreign arms, bearing a registered
foreign proof mark, are exempt. (Under this head, refer to sections
132 and 134, &c.)
6. The Guardians have prosecuted many persons under the Act, and
are determined to uphold its provisions strictly. Under two very recent
prosecutions the penalties inflicted were, in the one case £20, and in
the other £70, notwithstanding that in both cases the defendants
pleaded entire igporance of the law.
 7, And the said Guardiaus hereby further give notice that unon
trustworthy information of any offence or offences against the Act,
they will (at their discretion) prosecute, and upon conviction, liberally
reward their mrormant.
8. Information may be given to the undersigned, or to Mr. Joseph
March, the Proor Master of the said Guardians, at their Proof-house,
in Banbury-street, Birmingham. By order,
WILLIAM S. ALLEN, 35, Waterloo-street, Birmingham, Law
Clerk to the Guardians of the Bemingham Proof-house.
Birmingham, 1st September, 1872.
IN CHANCERY.—Chubb and Son 57 St. Pauls
Churchyard Plaintiffs and Lewis Solomon Furniture Broker 10
Water Lane Blackfriars Defendant.—On the ard August 1872 His
Honor the Vice Chancellor Malins made the following order "Ths
Court doth Order that the said Defendant Lewis Solomon his Agents
and Servants, be RESTRAINED from SELLING or offering for Sale
any SAFES fitted with locks and keys not of the Plantiffs manufacture
but represented by him to be of the Plaintiffs manufacture or any
Safes or Locks or Keys not of the Plaintifis manufacture but repre¬
sented by him to be of the Plaintiffs manufacture and from affixing to
or stamping on any Safes Loeks or Keys not of the Plaintiffs manu¬
facture the name of the Plaintiffs as the Makers thereof until over the
second motion day in Michaclmnas Term 1872."
NOTICE is hereby given that the PARTNRESHIP
lately subsisting between us the undersigned Charles Edwin Ware
and Arthur Cumming in the City of Exeter as Architects and Survey¬
ors has been this day DISSOLVED by mutual consent. All bills due
to the said firm are to be paid to the said Charles Edwin Ware who is
alone authorized to receive the same and all Bills due from the said
Firm will be discharged by him. As witness our hands this eleventh
day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventy two.
CHARLES EDWIN WARE.

ARTHUR CUMMING.
Witness to both signatures—T. J. Bremridge Solicitor Exeter.
LOUIS ROEDERERS CHAMPAGNE.—
CAUTION.—Whereas an Injunction in Chancery has been ob¬
tained in the cause of "Roederer v. Stein," restraining the defendant.
Octo Stein, his servants and agents from selling any wine not produced
by the plaintiff, Louis Roederer, in bottles corked with corks having
branded thereon a brand, which is acopy of or only colourably differing
from the brand of the said Louis Roederer in the Bill of Complaint
mentioned (being the brand used by the said Louis Roederer in order to
distinguish the wine produced by him, and known as Louis Roe¬
derer's Carte Hlanche Champagne), or which, contrary to the fact, re¬
present or have the appearance, or lead to the belief that such
bottles contain the wine called houis Roederer's Carte Blanche Cham¬
pagne, and produced by the said Louis Roederer or in bottles bearing
or having affixed thereto any label similar to or only colourably
differing from the label made or used by the said Louis Roeuerer
as in the said bill mentioned, and also from selling, exporting,
consigning, or offering for sale any wine not produced by the said
Louis Roederer in such manner or form as to represent or lead to the
belief that the same has been produced by the said Louis Roederer;
now all persons are hereby cautioned against dealing with spurious
Champagnes bearing imitation Louis Roederer corks and labels; and
notice is hereby expressly given, that proceedings will immediately be
instituted against all persons found dealing with wines hearing such
—
T. RUSSEL KENT, 8, Serjeants'-inn, Fleet-street, Solicitor
to Louis Roederer, of Reims.
CHARLES GRAINGER, 108, Fenchurch-street, E.C., Agent
to the said Louis Roederer.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby.
CAUTION. VOIGTLANDER'S OPERA and RACE
GLASSES.—The public is cautioned that Mr. GALLAGHAN is
the appointed SOLE AGENT for the above:—23a, New Bond-street,
corner of. Conduit-street.
CAUTION.-WOOD TAPESTRY DECORATIONS
(HOWARD'S PATENT, No. 2,456).—All persons are cautioned
against making or purchasing IMITATIONS.—25, 26, and 27, Berners¬
street, Oxford-street, and Cleveland Works
CAUTION.—FISHERS GLADSTONE BAG.—
The inventor of this combined dressing and travelling bag em¬
ploys no agents. All genuine bags are stamped in gold in a garter.—

CAUTION.—Ladies are informed that the only bona
fide improvements in LADIES SADDLE for hunting, India,
and colonies, have been made and registered by Messrs. LANGDON,
Duko-street, Manthester-square, London. No'agents.
CAUTION.—TOULMIN and GALE have NO
AGENTS for the SALE of ther PATENT INDIAN DESPATCH
BOXES, Travelling Bags, Dressing Cases, &c. The same can only be
obtained at their mapufactory, 85 and 86, Cheapside, and west-end
branch, 7, New Bond-street. Established E35.
CAUTION.—Messrs. HANCOCKS and Co.,
Goldsmiths, Jewellers, and Silversmiths to the Queen, the Prince
and Princess of Wales, and the Princlpal Courts of Europe, &c.,
legret being compelled to CAUTION the public that their business,
established by Mr. C. F. Hancock, is only carried on at the same
address, Nos, 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—Sir JAMES MURRAYS ORIGINAL
FLUID MAGNESIA.—Spurious imitations, with forged labels,
being sold in South America and elsewhere, the public and the trade
are cautioned against such fraudulent and counterfeit imitations, of
his signatures, trade-marks, and lettered bottles.
CAUTION—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. 8, have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of
obtaining the genuine tinted and registered achromatic lenses should
apply only direct to them, at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccauilly, W.
CAUTION. — SHIPWRIGHTS I ZINGARI
BOUGUET. Each bottle of this celebrated perfume bears a label
with the colours of the cricket club—ulack, red, and yellow—printed
across. Sole manufactory, 10, Tichborne-street, Regent-street, W.
Export agents, Messrs. Burgoyne, Burbidges, and Co., 16, Coleman¬
street, E.C.
CAUTION.—In consequence of WM. YOUNGER
and Co. having discovered that their labels have been larsely
counterfeited, and having obtained possession of 14 label dies used for
such purpose, inform all purchasers of their ales for export, that for the
future each bottle will have affixed to it, in addition to the ordinary
label, a metalic capsule bearing their trade mark and name, Breweries,
Edinburgh. Estamlished 1749. London stores, Belvedere-road.
CAUTION NOTICE.—Trade Marks.—Messrs.
SAVORY and MOORE, chymists to the Queen and Royal Families
of England, Russia, &c., find it necessary to caution the nobility and
the public generally against spurious imitations of their proprietary
article PANCREATID EMULSION, which is registered, and pur¬
chasers should see that their trade mark is on every label, with name
and address.—Savory and Moore, 143, New Bond-street, London, W.
CAUTION.—RED HEART RUM.—The public are
cautioned against fraudulent imitations of this celebrated spirit.
Owing to its great success in cases of low rever, cholera, diarrhoa, and
overworked brain, this caution is rendered necessary. Sold only in
bottles, which bear the brand of Henry White and Co. on corks, cap¬
sules, and labels.—J. G. TURNEY, 61, King William-street, Lon¬

CAUTION.—WATERS'S QUININE WINE.—
Proceedings in Chancery.—Purchasers are cautioned against imi¬
tations of this preparation, as it was elicited in the recent Chancery
proceedings taken by Robert Waters that at least one unprincipled imi¬
tator did not use quinine at all in the manufacture of his wine. The
genuine article was supplied to the sick and wounded during the late
war, and bears our trade mark.—Waters and Williams, Worcester¬
house, 34, Eastcheap.
MESSRS. CHARLES FRODSHAM and Co.,
Watch, Clock, and Chronometer Makers to the Queen and
H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, 84, Strand, corner of Cocil-street,
beg to inform their customers and the public that, the alterations
to their premises being now completed, business is carried on as

