C.—RECEIVED with many, many thanks
WIOLIN. — William, came to me. I will help you as
you may choose.—DOCTOR, 15, Rutland-street, N.W.C.
CAPTN. C......C....., Brussels. — LETTERS
of importance await you at the Drummond Arms, Drummond-¬
street, Euston square, N.W
ST. LOUIS. — Won't you come, Emma? Won't you
come? I want to know when you will come to St. Louis to
speak. Write me immediately. I will be with you next spring, dear
friends. Four persons present.—17th February, 1866.
THE COMMITTEE of the UNITED KINGDOM
BENEFICENT ASSOCIATION, 5, Red Lion-square, W.C.,
gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE £10 from a lady. An election of one
annuitant will take place on March 5th, and funds are earnestly
solicited for this very valuable Charity.
LOST, near Grosvenor-square, on Tuesday, the 20th
of February, a WHITE DOG, answering to the name of "Floss.
Whoever will bring him to 23, Brook-street, shall receive ONE POUND
REWARD.
LOST, on Thursday, the 15th inst., between Albert-¬
terrace, Knightsbridge, and the Prince of Wales Theatre, a
CARVED CORAL BRACELET. Whoever brings the same to
No. 11, Albert-terrace, Knightsbridge, S.W., shall be handsomely
REWARDED.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Wed¬
nesday morning, in Park-lane, a QUANDONG BRACELET, set
oat a reland. Apply to the Manager, Grosvenor Hotel, Pimlico.
BILLS LOST—two on Ferris and Mason, for £30
and £24. REWARD to finder. Paymentistopped.—Housekeeper,
No. 86. King William-street, E.C.
TWO POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on Thursday,
Feb. 8th, a SANDY-COLOURED SKYE TERRIER: answers to
the name of "Sandy." Whoever will bring the same to 5, Onslow-¬
gardens, Brompton, S.W., shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, on the 2d inst., a SKYE TERRIER.
The owner may have it by giving a description, and paying ex¬
penses, at 2, Upper Glocester-place, Dorset-square, N.W., between the
hours of 10 and 12 a.m.
FOUND, a BANK of ENGLAND NOTE, on or
about the 5th July last, in the Royal Horticultural-gardens,
South Kensington. The owner may apply, by letter only, to D. M.,
Dr. Davidson's, Shaftesbury-house, Bayswater.
DOG FOUND, on the 29th of January, in the
King's-road, Chelsea—a large Black Newfoundlond Bitch. The
owner can have her by applying to Henry Larner, 289, King's-road,
Chelsea, and paying expenses of advertisements, &c. If not claimed
within seven days from this date will be SOLD to defray expenses.
CAUTION.—Messrs. Erard having let out on hire a
harp, No. 6,227, learn that it is being offered for sale, all pawn¬
brokers and other persons are hereby CAUTIONED not to treat for
the said HARP, and any information respecting the same will oblige.
PERSONS of the NAMES of HEATHCOTE,
Heming,
Hemming, or Hemmings, Hussey, Pepper, Collett,
uary, and Hewett are hereby informed that some valuable IN¬
FORMATION, which may be very greatly to their advantage, is this
day published in the fourth number of "Researches respecting Family
History, Unclaimed Property, and Estates in Abeyance." Price 5s., or
sent free on receipt of 62 postave stamps. Address J. H. FENNELL,
No. 49, Millbank-street, Westminster, S.W.
NEXT of KIN (important never before published).
A classified and descriptive INDEX (of 16,000 names) to AD¬
VERTISEMENTS for NEXT of KIN, Chancery heirs, legatees, and
unclaimed money from 1760 to 1866 ; also of British subjects who have
died intestate in the colonies; sent post free for 30 stamps. Address
Mr. CULLMER, 6, Holland-street, Clapham-road, London, S.
PHILLIPS, Mayor.
A COURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held in
the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London, on
Tuesday, the 20th day of February, 1866, and in the 29th year of the
reign of Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
Queen, &c.
Persons admitted to act as Brokers within the city of London and
its liberties, viz:—
Names.
Residences.
Arthur Charles Rhodes... 21, Mincing-lane.
William Vaughan
., 21, St. Helen's-place, Bishopsge
-st.
Henry Octavius Mordaunt 14, New City-chambers, 121,
Bishopsgate-street.
Frederic Abraham Phillips 4, Austinfriars.
WOODTHORPE.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—The Summerside.—No. 3,102.—Whereas a cause of
damage has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of Eng¬
land on behalf of Edmund Hannay Watts, the younger, of Blyth, in
the county of Northumberland, William Milburn, of Newcastle, in the
county of Durham, Charles John Brightman, of No. 15, Great St.
Helens, in the city of London, and Richard Lough, of Blyth aforesaid,
the owners of the brig Maitland, against the schooner or vessel Sum¬
merside, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, now lying in North Car¬
riers Dock, Liverpool, in the county of Lancaster, under arrest by
virtue of a warrant issued from the Registry of the said Court, and no
appearance has been entered in the said cause; This is to give notice
to all persons who have, or claim to have, any RIGHT, Title, or In¬
terest in the said VESSEL SUMMERSIDE that if an appearance in
the said cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court within
six days from the publication of this notice the Judge of the said
Court will order the said vessel Summerside to be sold to answer the
claims instituted against the same, or make such order in the premi¬
ses as to him shall seem right. —Dated the 20th day of February, 1856.
H. A. BATHURST, Assistant Reg.
Notice of Sale of Ship taken out by F. Buckle, No. 25, Eastcheap,
.
SPECIAL NOTICE to SHIPPERS and EX¬
PORTERS.—C. NOSOTTI begs to notity that he has NOT, as re¬
ported, RELINQUISHED the SHIPPING TRADE.—Looking-glass
manufactory, 398 and 399, Oxford-street. Established 1822.
CHOCOLAT MENIER, 23, Henrietta-street,
Strand.—MENIER's FRENCH CHOCOLATE.—Notice is
hereby given, that legal proceedings will be taken under the Merchan¬
dise Marks Act, 1862, 25 and 26 Vic., cap. 83, against any person or per¬
sons fraudmently making use of the trade mark, or the signature,
Menior (it being an individual firm, and in no way connected with any
company or other house whatever), on the seal or cover, together with
colour of wrapper, form of cakes, &c., arrangement of label or otherwise,
with the intention of deceiving the public by causing spurious and in¬
ferior articles to be sold for the genuine Chocolat Menier.
A. F. TRUEFITT, Solicitor, 4, Essex-court, Temple, E.C.
FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.—JNO. WARD,
invalid chair manufacturer, &c., begs to inform the nobility and
gentry that his business is carried on at No. 12, Leicester-place, until
—
HILL v. FINNEY.—At a meeting of several profes¬
sional friends and neighbours of Mr. Finney, held at Woods'
Hotel, Furnival's-inn, it was resolved that a SUBSCRIPTION should
be opened immediately for a TESTIMONIAL to be presented to Mr.
FINNEY, as a mark of sympathy for the anxiety and expense he
suffered in consequence of the above action lately brought against him
in Her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench, at which meeting Richard
Herve Girand, Esq., of 7, Furnival's-inn, kindly undertook to receive
such subscription. Any gentlemen being desirous to contribute
thereto will be kind enough to forward their subscriptions to him,
which subscription it was resolved should close on the 10th of April
next. The following subscriptions have been received:—Mr. Girand,
Mr. Raw, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Symes, Mr. J. L. Dale, Mr. Asprey,
Mr. J. W. Smith, Mr. Godsell, Mr. Gurney, Mr. Birch, Mr. Gorton,
all of Furnival's-inn.—Feb. 19, 1866.
NOTICE.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Nos. 38 and 39, Bruton-street, Bond-street, jewellers and silver¬
smiths to the Queen, and the Prince and Princess of Wales, feel com¬
pelled (in consequence of advertisements which are likely to mislead
the public) to announce that they are not connected, either in business
or by relationship, with any other house in London. Their only
address is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, Bond-street.
INQUIRIES.—Messrs. FORRESTER and GOD¬
DARD (late principal police officers at the Mansion-house,
city of London, and the public office, Bow-street), undertake important
and confidential inquiries in England or abroad.—Offices, 8, Dane's-¬
inn, St. Clement's, Strand, W. C.
THE GROSVENOR HOTEL, Belgravia.
THE DUKE of CORNWALL HOTEL, Railway
Terminus, Plymouth
LONGTON HOTEL, Sydenham.—A delightful
winter residence, five minutes walk from the Crystal Palace.
Full board, apartments, and attendance, £3 3s. per week. Tariff sent
application to the Manager.
HAXELL's HOTEL, West Strand, close to the
theatres and places of amusement. Great comfort, with mode¬
rate charges. Bed rooms, 2s. 6d. ; drawing room, with bed room en
suite, 8s. 6d., 10s. 5d. ; attendance, 1s. Baths. A night watchman.
CLARENDON HOTEL, Watford, Herts, for fami¬
lies and gentlemen. Private rooms, coffee and billard rooms.
Wedding breakfasts and dinners provided, Broughams, post horses,
&c. Good loose boxes for hunters. Gentlemen boarded by the week,
from two guineas and a half.—R. MORGAN, proprietor.
ROULEVART des CAPUCINES, at the corner of
the Rue Scribe.—Great and small FURNISHED APART¬
MENTS. This establishment, founded by the Company on the same
conditions of luxury and comfort as the Great Hotel and Hotel du
Louvse, is specially arranged for those families who intend to remain
in Paris for some time. Very moderate prices.
GRAND HOTEL du LOUVRE, established 1855,
situate in the most central part of Paris, Rue de Rivoli and Place
du Palais Royal.—600 bed rooms, at from 3f. to 20f.; 60 sitting rooms,
at from 4f. to 20f.; a richly-decorated dining saloon, table d'hote at
6 o'clock. Public coffec and dining rooms; choice wines; dinners
served a la carte, both in the dining rooms and the private apartments;
reading and conversation saloons; also saloons for musical, wedding,
and other parties. All newspapers and serial publications received.
Divans, coffee, smoking, and billiard rooms; numerous bath rooms.
Carriages on the premises; first-class private equipages at command;
omnibuses running to all the railway stations. Postal letter-box;
telegraph office day and night. Photographic studio. A staff of ser¬
vants, speaking all languages.
THE GRAND HOTEL, Boulevard des Capucines,
Place du Nouvel Opera, opposite the rue de la Paix, and near
the theatres, has been opened since July, 1862. It contains 700 bed
rooms (prices from 4 to 25 franes), 70 drawing rooms (from 5 to 30f.), a
magnificent saloon, capable of dining more than 300 persons (and
where there is a table d'hote at 6 o'clock). Dinners and breakfasts are
served a la carte in the coffee rooms as well as in the apartments.
There is a reading room, with the best English and foreign papers and
publications, a music room, and a drawing room, for the use of travel¬
iers, without any additional charge. There are also baths, billard
rooms, smoking divans, post-office, cabs, carriages, and omnibuses
going to the railway stations. The servants speak all languages. This
superb Hotel, possessing all that modern luxury and comfort can com¬
bine, and situate in the most fashionable part of Paris, is recommended
—
DATLANDS PARK HOTEL, near Walton, Surrey.
—This elegant and commodious hotel is well worthy the atten¬
tion of the nobility and gentry. It stands in a beautiful park, and is
easily accessible from London by the South-Western Railway. Gentic¬
men and families are received and have the best accommodation on
fixed terms during the winter season. The stabling is excellent, and
several packs of hounds meet within easy distance. An omnibus meets
the 5,20 train from Waterloo at Walton Station, reaching the hotel in
time for table d'hote at 6.30. For particulars apply to Mr. R. J. Reed,
Manager.
DINNERS at the CREMORNE BRANCH, No.
1, New Coventry-street, Leicester-square, the most excellent
and comfortable Dining Rooms in London. No extra charge on account
of the high price of provisions. Dinners off the joint 2s. A patent
rack for gentlemen's letters addressed "restante." Everything served
here of the very best quality, hence the success. Private rooms and
dinners prepared, per letter, per telegraph, or post. Address the
Manage
SUPPERS at the CREMORNE BRANCH, 1, New
Coventry-street, Leicester-square, after the theatres. Public
and private rooms, with everything in season. Viands and wines of
the finest quality. Families attending the theatres provided with
private rooms and suppers. Orders per post attended to. Address

WHERE to DINE.—BIBRA's HOTEL, 12, Upper
St. Martin's-lane, opposite Aldridge's. Proprietor, J. HALFORD,
formerly chef de cuisine to the Governor-General in India and the
Palais Royal, Paris, &c. Indian curries, joints, entrées, &c., always
ready. Private dinners, in the 
terestore stolen, to ordered the
RODRIGUES' MONOGRAMS and HERALDIC
DEVICES, designed and engraved as gems of art steel dies en
graved; note paper and envelopes stamped in colour relief, and illu¬
minated in the most elegant style ; arms, crests, or monograms en¬
graved on seals or rings. At Henry Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly.
MONOGRAMS, Coronets, Crests, and Mottoes, or
Address Dies Engraved for nothing if an order be given for
a guinea box of stationery, to contain a ream of the very best paper,
and 500 envelopes to match, all stamped free of charge, and sent to
any railway station. Monograms designed (1s.) by T. CULLETON,
diesinker to Her Majesty and the Board of Trade, 25, Cranbourn¬
street, corner of St. Martin's-lane, W. C.
MONOGRAMS.—Messrs. JENNER and KNEW¬
STUB, by special appointments to the Prince and Princess of
Wales, having greatly enlarged their workshops, are enabled to pro¬
duce in still greater numbers their world-famous MONOGRAM DIES
for stamping paper. The most elegant novelties in arms, crest, and
address dies; also in illuminating band and ball programmes, dinner
cartes, invitations, &c. No charge for sketches. — Jenner and Knewstub,
Court stationers, 33, St. James's-street, and 66, Jermyn-street.
MONOGRAMS (PARKINS and GOTTO's).
Sketches by the first artists in London, and dies cut in the
best possible manner, at half the usual charges, and remain the pro¬
perty of the customer. No charge made for plain stamping. Colour
stamping reduced to 1s. per 100, Nearly 40 hands for stamping being
kept upon the premises, 1, and G. are enabled to execute orders to any
extent with great care and despatch.—Parkins and Gotto, 24, 25, 27,
and 28, Oxford-street, London, W. N.B. The largest stock in Lon¬
don of dressing cases, bags, writing cases, and presents of all kinds,
