FROM 66 to 99, 113. Edinburgh, Stanley-street.
F SMITH, lately of Paulton-square. —Your¬
ofriend wants your address. WRITE to him to Bridge-street, S.W.
IF F. O., who left his employer on Monday evening
last, will RETURN HOME, the question of accounts can no
doubb be satisfactorily arranged.
IF this should meet the eye of Mr. GEORGE J.
THOMPSON, supposed to be residing in London, and who, in
February made arrrangements with some ladies in the S.E. district,
to place three pupils from Scotland under their care, he will oblige by
COMMUNICATING with them on the subject.
LOST on March 7, at Prince's-gate, a GOLD
WATCH and ALBERT CHAIN Whoever will bring them to
No. 25, shall receive a handsome REWARD.
LOST, a POLICY of INSURANCE for £1,650,
between Nicholas-lane and Eastcheap. Whoever has found the
same please bring it to Mr. Thos. Bache, 33, Nicholas-lane.
LOST, on Friday, 3 March, at the corner of Bond¬
street and Oxford-street, a small BLACK and TAN TERRIER
DOG. Whoever will bring him to 169, Fulham-road, Brompton, shall
receive TWO POUNDS.
LOST, in a cab, taken, on Sunday last, from Church¬
lane, Kensington, to Westbourne-terrace, a GOLD BAND¬
RING, with letter C in small diamonds. Whoever will bring the same
to St. James's Club shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Friday afternoon, the 3d of March, in
Park-road, Regent's-park, a SKYE TERRIER DOG, white.
tinged with yellow; answers to the name of "Tiny." Whoever will
bring the same to 23, Park-road, Regent's-park, shall be handsomely

TEN POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on the morning
of March 6th, about 12 or 1 o'clock, between Great Quebec-street
and the Grove-end-road, St. John's-wood, a LADY's GOLD WATCH,
w t ab e.
ae back, and a diamond in the centre; maker's


  c s e e a t aec h e e
 gold chain, with
enamel key and charms. Also a small Crystal Monogram Brooch,
supposed to have been dropped at the same time. Whoever will bring
the same to Messrs. Mills, jewellers, 171 and 172, Oxford-street, W.,
shall receive the above rowe
FOUND, a BRINDLED BULL-TERRIER, which
followed the advertiser from Notting-hill on the 2d instant, and
will be restored to the owner on application at 3, Hyde-park-sq., W.
FOUND, on the 3d inst., a BAG, containing imita¬
tion jewellery. The owner can have it by describing it and paying
expenses. Apply to W. B., 71, King William-street, E.C.
FOUND, a GREYHOUND, near the Bethnal¬
green-road. The owner may have it on giving a correct descrip¬
tion and paying expenses. Apply to Carter and Webb, Old Bethnal¬
green-road.
FOUND, on Feb. 16th, a ROUGH IRON GRAY
DOG, between a deerhound and greyhound. If not claimed
within seven days will be SOLD to defray expenses. Apply 3, Gough¬
street north, Gray's-inn-road.
FOUND on the 28th, a BROWN and WHITE
FIELD SPANIEL DOG. The owner can have the same by pay¬
ing expenses. Apply to the coachman, at Argyll-lodge, Atkins-road,
Clapham-park. (The second advertisement, but the dog was wrongly
described in the first.)
TO DEALERS in TAPESTRY and others. —LEFT,
a PIECE of TAPESTRY, to be cleaned and repaired, at R.
Donavan's, 2, Great Pulteney-street, Golden-square, London. Unless
pplied for within 14 days the same will be SOLD by public AUC¬
TION to defray expenses. (Signed) B. CAME (late Donavan).
MRS. ELIZABETH MULLINS, wife of Henry
Mullins (formerly Elizabeth Norris) of No. 31, Upper Grosvenor¬
street, Grosvenor-square; Miss Mary Norris, her daughter, of the same
address; and Mrs. Elizabeth Allen, formerly with the Countess Dowager
of Albemarle, residing at 3, Park-road, Twickenham. The abovenamed
parties may HEAR of SOMETHING to their ADVANTAGE by apply
ing at the Swiss Consulate-General's, 21, Old Broad-street, E.C.; or any
persons able to afford information respecting the whereabouts of all or
any of the parties referred to will oblige by communicating it to the
said address.
IN the COURT of BANKRUPTCY, London.—In
the matter of Francis Pearson, of No. 20, Threadneedle-street, in
the city of London, merchant, trading under the style or firm of
Francis Pearson and Co., bankrupt.—REWARD and CAUTION.—
Whereas, FRANCIS PEARSON, the abovenamed bankrupt, did, or
or about the 25th day of February last, ABSCOND from his CREDI¬
TORS, having, it is believed, in his possession property of very consider¬
able value; All parties are hereby cautioned against the consequence
of concealing any property of the bankrupt, or they will be liable to the
penalties enacted in the 269th Sec. of the 12 and 13 Vic., c. 106; and
any person discovering such estate to the Court of Bankruptey, or to
the undersigned, will be entitled to a reward of 5 per cent, on the pro¬
perty discovered by means of such information; and all parties are
hereby warned against receiving or dealing with any securities or pro¬
perty belonging to the estate. Information to be addressed to George
Joun Graham, Esq., Official Assignee of the Court of Bankruptey,
No. 25, Coleman-Street, London; or to Messrs. Ashurst, Morris, and
Co., solicitors, 6, Old Jewry, London, E.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £268 11s. 10d. Consolidated Three per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of GEORGE HYDE,
Esq., and ELIZA HYDE, spinster, both late of Leadenhall-Street,
deceased, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in con¬
sequence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since
the 5th July, 1853;—Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of
three months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and
the Dividends thereon paid, to Charles Reily, acting executor of Eliza
Hyde, deceased, who was the survivor, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his
claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £400 Three per Cent.
Consolidated Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of the Rev.
RICHARD PERING CORNISH, of Bickington, Devon, clerk, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of
the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th
July, 1854;— Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid to the Rev. Richard Pering Cornish, who has
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and
make out his claim thereto.
GAME LICENCES.
THE Commissioners of
nland Revenue he
te e e
notice, that SUPPLEMEN
AR Y LSISTS
ontaining the names
of all persons who hay
aken out Licences to Kill and Deal in Game
in the current year, from 1st October last inclusive, have been printed

collection, and that a copy thereof may be obtained
Gratis by any persond

o o  o the .
toieetor o
Supervisor of Inland Revenue, Distri.


ns
in the country.
The Commissioners further give notice that instructions have been
issued to their officers to take the necessary steps to prefer informations
for penalties against all persons found in pursuit of or dealing in game
without licence.
WM. CORBETT, Secretary.
Inland Revenue, Somers t-house, London, 7th March, 1860.
BUBLIC NOTICE.—London, Brighton, and South
Coast Railway.—Notice is hereby given, that all PROPERTY
LEFT in any of the carriages, or on the premises of the Company, pre¬
vious to the 1st of January, 1864, will be SOLD by AUCTION, by Mr.
PEAKE, or otherwise disposed of, unless the same be forthwith
claimed, and all charges and expenses thereon paid.—Dated this 6th
day of March, 1865.
FREDERICK SLIGHT, Secretary.
London-bridge Terminus.
IN the Matter of LETTERS PATENT granted to
RICHARD NEEDHAM, of Dukinfield, in the county of Chester,
engineer, for the invention of improvements in apparatus for cleansing
steam boilers and lubricating the pistons of steam engines, and for an
improved steam trap, bearing date the 26th (day of December, 1861
(No. 3.235).—Notice is hereby given, that the said Richard Needham
has applied by petition to Her Majesty's Commissioners of Patents for
Inventions for leave to enter a DISCLAIMER and MEMORAN¬
DUM of ALTERATION of certain PARTS of the TITLE and
SPECIFICATION to the said letters patent ; and any person
intending to oppose such application must leave notice thereof at the
office of Her Majesty's Attorney-General, No. 11, New-square, Lincoln's¬
inn, within 10 days from the date hereof.—Dated this 9th day of
esses.
HUGHES and BLOODWORTH, 29, Cross-street, Manchester.
HUGHES and SON, 123, Chancery-lane, London, Agents for
the Petitioners.
. To the GROCERS of GREAT BRITAIN.—
Gentlemen,
PERMIT me respectfully to offer a few words more
on the proposed alteration of the credit on sugar. Two months'
prompt is not excessive nor too long for practical convenience, and
possesses many advantages which, if given up, must be an injury to the
trade at large. Custom is law. The bar itself is governed by custom. The
market terms belong to the whole trade, and are not the property of
any particular few. No set of men have any right to alter the
usual terms, to the injury of the great body, without sufficient compen¬
sation. Why should the middle agents get two months discount and
the retailers, who are to find the money, get only one? Why should
the severely-earned money of the grocers not be entitled to the full ad¬
vantage of trade discount as in other trades? Upon what ground is
the loss of this one month's discount to be taken out of the grocers'
pockets? What, are a few men joined together to compel the grocers
to ignore their own market rights and to stultify the just discount
which their capital is fairly entitled to?
The idea is vicious in the extreme, and opposed to all reason and
good sense. Pardon me, Gentlemen, if I say that no man with a proper
amount of self respect ought to allow himself to be so imposed upon.
Those who expected to get the best men will find it quite the reverse.
I am, Gentlemen,
Your obedient servant,
Kingsland, March 8, 1865.
A. TEETGEN.
SOUTH LONDON WORKING CLASSES' IN¬
DUSTRIAL EXHIBITION, Lambeth Baths, Westminster-road,
under the Patronage of His Royal Highness the Prince of WALES.
This interesting collection is OPEN daily from Monday till Thursday,
from 12 to 4, admission 6d.; Fridays, 12 to 4, half-a-crown; Saturdays,
from 2 to 11, and every evening, from 6 till 10, at 2d. Special arrange¬
ments for schools on application to the Honorary Secretary, Mr. Geo.
M. Murphy, 55, Finchley-road, S.
TO the LEATHER TRADE.—W. H. JONES and
SON, leather merchants and boot upper manufacturers, respect
fully beg to remind their country correspondents that they now CLOSE
at 2 o'clock on SATURDAYS.—179, High-Street, Borough, S.E.
CHOCOLAT-MENIER.—Notice of Removal.—The
public and others are respectfully informed that the LONDON
BRANCH HOUSE is REMOVED from the temporary addresses,
No. 119, Chancer-lang.
and 61, King's-cross-road, to 23, Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden, W.C., where all orders should be sent.
HYDROPULT.—Caution.—Devices in imitation of
the HYDROPULT are often placed "on sale" at many iron¬
mongery and seed establishments throughout the city and provinces,
and are calculated in appearance to deceive the unsuspecting. The
proprietor therefore issues this caution, and respectfully intimates that
parties wishing to purchase the hydropult should examine the machine
offered for sale, and see if it has attached thereto a label, with the fol¬
lowing words:—"The Hydropult, Vose's Patent, manufactured only
by Griffiths and Browett, Birmingham. Charles Pomeroy Button,
proprietor, 142 and 143, Cheapside, London." Unless this label is
attached the machine is not the hydropult. Hydropults weigh but 8ib.,
and will throw seven or eight gallons of water per minute a distance of
50 feet whon worked by the power of one man. Hydropults will draw
water horizontally, if necessary, through 300 feet of suction hose,
and force it through delivery hose to an altitude of 100 feet. Hydro¬
pults can be used for all purposes to which a hydrant or forcepump is
applicable, and in many situations where other contrivances are useless.
Hydropults have been recommended as an efficient and useful fire¬
engine by many of the principal fire insurance companies of Great
Britain. Hydropults have been ordered by the War Department as
re-engines. Robert Hogg. LL.D. and F.L.S., Shirley Hibbard, Esq.,
F.R.H.S., Thomas Rivers, Esq. (the eminent florist), and other well¬
known gentlemen recommend the hydropult as an invaluable garden
implement. Hydropults have been recommended by the Gardeners'
Chronicle, Journal of Horticulture, Gardeners Magazine, Daily Tele¬
graph, Liverpool Daily Post, Commercial Daily List, Illustrated News
of the World, Birmingham Journal, Mechanics' Magazine, City Press,
Insurance Gazette, and other first class journals throughout Great
Britain. An illustrated
the with testimonials, free on applica¬
tion to CHARLES POMEROY BUTTON, 142 and 143, Cheapside, E.C.
FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.—DAINTREE
and Co., No. 44, dyers and cleaners, beg most respectfully to
inform their extensive connexion that their BUSINESS is in NO WAY
IMPEDED by the late fire. Carts to all parts. Price lists free,
GREAT FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.—
STAGG and MANTLE respectfully inform their numerous
 and the public that their PREMISES will be RE-OPENED
on Monday, the 13th inst., when the sale of the salvage stock will
commence. In consequence of the injury part of the premises have
sustained, and for want of room, that portion only of the stock men¬
tioned below will be offered until further notice:—Silks, shawls,
mantles, dresses, linens, calicoes, prints, flannels, and blankets. Doors
opened at 10 o'clock.
PHRENOLOGY.—Miss NOA gives DELINEA¬
TIONS of CHARACTER, also Phrenological Advice on the
Training of Children, to families and schools.—31, Blomfield-road,
Maida-hill W.
PRIVATE INQUIRY-OFFICE, 20, Devereux¬
Temple (established 1852), under the direction of CHARLES
FREDERICK FIELD, late Chief of the Metropolitan Detective
Police. Inquiries made for noblemen, gentlemen, solicitors, railway
and insurance companies. Agents in New York, Quebec, Montreal.
THE NEW GALLERY of ORNAMENTS in
marble and alabaster, in groups, figures, vases, fonts, tazze, &c.;
copies of the most beautiful works and highly sculptured by the best
Italian artists.—H. WHALE, Proprietor, 35, Rathbone-place,
Oxford-st. (late of 371, Strand), Scagliola pedestals of every description.
