GIPSEY.—Many thanks for the letter. Will you
CALL? Do the old orders about waiting still hold good?—
March 14.
VE met, then, for the last time." Your sister was
faithful to her promise, but you were not present. Feelings
now the same.
EVANGELIST.—Your letter received this morning.
In answer to your flattering proposal, my reply is. "In such re¬
ligious controversy I fight not."—IGNATIUS POLLAKY (private in¬
quiry-office), 13, Paddington-green, London, 13th March, 1865
LOSE H.—I received £10 January 27. Send your
ADDRESS. I am anxious to know where you are. I fear you
must be in extreme trouble. Do not be too prond to let your old
friend know all.—A. F. L., March 13.
THE late Countess CAROLINE BELLEW.—Any
one who will give such INFORMATION as shall lead to the
DISCOVERY of the last WILL and TESTAMEN'
or ed of Dis¬
position, of this deceased shall be handsomely REWARDED. Apply
to Mr. F. A. Lewis, solicitor, 257, Hackney-road, N.E.
SHOULD this MEET the EYE of AMELIA JAR¬
MAN, native of Gravesend, professional cook, in London, she
would oblige her niece, Frances Amelia Leereissethe (or Cross) now in
Australia, by COMMUNICATING with Mrs. Hammond, 27, Hobart¬
street, Stonehouse, Devon.
CASSWELL and BAKER were many years since
wholesale druggists in Gracechurch-Street. If they or any of
their children will apply at the following address they will HEAR of
SOMETHING to their ADVANTAGE. Address A. B., H. Davies,
Esq.'s, 1. White Hart-court, Lombard-street.
THE GOVERNESS who is dying of cancer caused
by a kick from a pupil still lingers on. She ventures again to ask
for HELP, for, notwithstanding the generosity of t ose who have
already come to her assistance, she has not funds to meet the expenses
incurred by so long an iliness. Donations will be kindly received by
Mrs. J. R. Masters, 78, New Bond-street, London; Messrs. Henning¬
ham and Hollis, 5, Mount-street; Messrs. Halstaff and Hanniford,
No. 228, Regent-street.
IN the COURT of BANKRUPTCY, London.—In
the matter of Francis Pearson, of No. 20, Threadneedle-street, in
the city of London, merchant, trading under the style or firm of
Francis Pearson and Co., bankrupt.—REWARD and CAUTION.—
Whereas, FRANCIS PEARSON, the abovenamed bankrupt, did, on
or about the 25th day of February last, ABSCOND from his CREDI¬
TORS, having, it is believed, in his possession property of very consider¬
able value; All parties are hereby cautioned against the consequence
of concealing any property of the bankrupt, or they will be liable to the
penalties enacted in the 269th Sec. of the 12 and 13 Vic., c. 106; and
any person discovering such estate to the Court of Bankruptcy, or to
the undersigned, will be entitled to a reward of 5 per cent. on the pro¬
perty discovered by means of such information; and all parties are
hereby warned against receiving or dealing with any securities or pro¬
perty belonging to the estate. Information to be addressed to George
John Graham, Esq., Official Assignee of the Court of Bankruptcy.
No. 25, Coleman-Street, London; or to Messrs. Ashurst, Morris, and
Co., solicitors, 6. Old Jewry, London, E.C.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—MISSING, a
YOUNG GENTLEMAN, age 15 years, looks younger, has dark
brown hair and dark, ruddy complexion. Was dressed in a coat
speckled gray and red, trousers and waistcoat of thick Oxford mixture.
Had with him waistcoat and trousers to match his coat. His shirt is
black and blue striped flannel. Clothes marked "Roberts." Left
Bromsgrove Station by mail train for Birmingham, on Tuesday night,
March 7, nominally to go, via Holyhead and Dublin, to Galway. Has
not since been heard of. Had with him a brown greatcoat, gray rail¬
way rug, and a small black bag, containing linen, &c. The above re¬
ward will be given to any one bringing him to Mr. Beavan, police
office, Bromsgrove.
LEFT his HOME, at Briston, for Dr. Pinches
school, Kennington-road, on Monday morning, March 13, at
8 o'clock, a YOUTH, age 14, about 5 feet high. Had on all dark clothes,
dark Melton Inverness cape coat, black hat with band on; initials
G. E. B. ; had a black leather bag with jacket in. Immediate informa¬
tion at Dr. Pinches' school, Kennington-road; or Mr. Durrant,
No. 109, Westminster-road, Lambeth.
LOST, in a cab, on Monday night, which stopped at
Skinner-street, Snow-hill, a WHITE DOUBLE OPERA-GLASS.
Whoever will bring the same to 21, Giltspur-street, E.C., shall receive
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, on the 13th inst., a FIVE-POUND NOTE,
number known, endorsed "J. M. V. J. B. C. Huxham, 13-3-65."
A suitable REWARD will be given to any person bringing it to Mrs.
Huxham, Victoria-cottage, Victoria-road, Kensington.
LOST, on Tuesday night, March 7, at the London
Tavern, a LADY's PEARL PENDANT BROOCH, between
three and four inches long. Any person bringing the same to Mr.
F. Folkard, 160, Blackfriars-road, shall be handsomely REWARDED
for the trouble.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday,
a PURSE, with elastic band, containing a number of threepenny
pieces and a small sapphire and diamond ring. Whoever will bring the
same to Mr. Alexander, 24, Old Cavendish-Street, W., shall receive the
above reward.
TO BANKERS, Bill Discounters, and others.—
LOST or STOLEN, a FIRST BILL of EXCHANGE for £700,
drawn by the Egyptian Commercial and Trading Company at Alex¬
andria, at three months' date, on their London Board, in favour of
Franghidi, Brothers, endorsed by them to Charalampi Balli, and by
him to Papayanni, Brothers, but not endorsed by the last named firm;
accepted by the Egyptian Commercial and Trading Company of Lon¬
don, payable at Glyn, Mills, and Co.'s, due 1-4, May, 1865. Payment of
the bill is stopped. Communications may be made to the Egyptian
Commercial and Trading Company, London; or Messrs. Papayanni,
Brothers, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.
FOUND, some BANK of ENGLAND NOTES. The
owner, upon giving a proper description and paying expenses of
this advertisement, can have the same by applying to Lake and Turner,
Anchor dining rooms, 66, Cheapside.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of
£4,219 5s. 8d. Consolidated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore
standing in the name of GEORGE CUFF, of Woodford, near Salis¬
bury, Wilts, gentleman, deceased, and which dividend was paid over to
the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in conse¬
quence of its having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1841;—
Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Dividend will be paid to Sarah Cuff, widow, the ad¬
ministratrix, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim there to.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £46 5s. 4d. Consolidated
Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
Lieut.-Col. ROBERT BARNEWALL, of New Bond-street, deceased,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence
of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July,
1847;— Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid, to Charles Butler, acting executor of Henry Barnewall,
deceased, who was the surviving executor of the said Robert Barne¬
wall, deceased, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
TO the LEATHER TRADE.—W. H. JONES and
SON, leather merchants and boot upper manufacturers, respect¬
fully beg to remind their country correspondents that they now CLOSE
at 2 o'clock on SATURDAYS.—179, High-Street, Borough, S.E.
THE Rev. C. H. SPURGEON will PREACH To¬
morrow (Thursday) morning, March 16, at 12 o'clock, at the Con¬
gregational Church, Approach-road, Victoria-park (Rev. H. D. Nor¬
throp's), kindly lent for the occasion; and the Rev. RICHARD
ROBERTS in the evening, at 7 o'clock; on Behalf of the Building
Fund of Park-road Chapel, Old Ford-road (Robert R. Finch, pastor).
THE SOUTH LONDON WORKING CLASSES
INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION, Lambeth Baths, Westm

Patron—His Royal Highness the Prince of WALES.
OPEN daily, Monday till Thursday, 12 to 4, admission 6d.; Fridays,
12 to 4, half-a-crown; Saturdays, from 2 to 10, and every evening, 6
till 10, at 2d. Special arrangements for schools on application to the
Honorary Secretary. GEO. M. MURPHY, 55, Finchley-road, S.
INAUGURATION of the NEW TATTERSALL's¬
—The friends of Messrs. Tattersall having determined on giving
them a DINNER to celebrate the above event, and to mark the
general estimation in which they are held, the same will take place at
Willis's Rooms, King-Street, St. James's, on Tuesday, the 11th of April,
1865, at 6 o'clock precisely,
The Hon. Admiral ROUS in the Chair.
Tickets, two guineas each, to be had at Willis's Rooms; at Mr.
Bubb's library, 167, New Bond-street; and at Tattersall's subscription
rooms, Hyde-park-corner, on application to Mr. Thomas.
BE ATTWOODS, SPOONER, MARSHALLS, and
Co., of Brmingham, bankers, bankrunts.—The Creditors of this
firm are respectfully requested to attend a MEETING, to be held on
Thursday, the 16th day of March inst., at the Exchange Assembly
Room, New-street, Birmingham, at 1 o'clock in the afternoon, when
and where an approximate statement of the affairs will be submitted,
and the creditors will be invited to express their views as to the best
means of realizing the estate. — Dated this 11th day of March, 1865.
WHATELEYS and WHATELEY, Waterloo-street, Birmingham,
WILLIAM S. ALLEN.
Solicitors to the Petition.
FIRE INSURANCE DUTY.—A PUBLIC MEET¬
ING of Bankers, Merchants, and others will be held in the Guild¬
hall, in the city of London, To-morrow, the 16th inst., at 2 o'clock
precisely, for the purpose of urging upon the Legislature the desirability
of extending to all descriptions of insurable property the reduction of
the duty to 1s. 6d. per cent., as made upon stock in trade in the last
session of Parliament:
The Right Hon. the LORD MAYOR in the chair.
A number of Members of Parliament and gentlemen of infuence
have promised to attend, and it is earnestly requested that all those
who take an interest in this most important question will endeavour to
be present.
Association for the Abolition or Reduction of the Duty on Fire
Insurance, 32, Fleet-street, E.C.
FIRE-PROOFING for THEATRES, &c.—Philhar¬
monic-hall, Islington.—Proprietors, Messrs. Turnham and Adams.
—Prevention of Fire and Saving, of Life.—A LECTURE, illustrated
by the Inventor, will be delivered by Mr. DAWSON, on the FIRE¬
PROOFING THEATRES, Houses, &c., and their contents (every ma¬
terial rendered uninflammable), at the above hall, on Saturdny, March
18, commencing at 2 o'clock precisely. Private boxes 10s. 6d., stalls 5s.,
balcony and area 2s. 6d. Application to Silvester and Wilson, 137, St.
John-street-road, E.C., for tickets and information, or at the above
hall.
FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.—DAINTREE
and Co., No. 44, dyers and cleaners, beg most respect
inform their extensive connexion that their BUSINESS is in NO WAY
IMPEDED by the late fire. Carts to all parts. Price lists free,
FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.— JOHN WARD,
invalid chairmaker, &c., begs to inform the nobility and gentry
that, his premises being destroyed by the above disaster, his BUSI¬
NESS is CARRIED ON at his private residence, 12, Leicester-place,
where all orders will be punctually attended to until his late premises
are rebuilt.—March 1, 1865.
GREAT FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.—Sale
of the Salvage Stock.—STAGG and MANTLE respectfully in¬
form their numerous customers and the public that they are now
SELLING OFF, at an immense reduction, the SALVAGE STOCK of
SILKS, shawls, mantles, dresses, linens, calicocs, prints, flannels, and
blankets. Doors open at 10 o'clock.
AMANSION, costing not less than £50,000, SAVED
from destruction by the use of the HYDROPULT. "Swakeleys,
Uxbridge, Middlesex, March 5, 1865. Mr. Charles Pomeroy Button,
hydropult warehouse, 142 and 143, Cheapside, London. Sir.—I have
great pleasure in recommending your Hydropulit, for I fully believe it
was the means of saving my house from being burnt down, during a
private theatrical entertainment given on the night of the 23d ult. The
fire broke out from some unexplained cause, and, from the height of
the fiames, no water could be thrown up to it with buckets. Your
Hydropult became therefore invaluable, and was applied so effectually
that in a quarter of an hour the fire was extinguished. Yours (signed)

MYDROPULT.—Caution.—Devices in imitation of
the HYDROPULT are often placed "on sale" at many iron¬
mongery and seed establishments throughout the city and provinces,
and are calculated in appearance to deceive the unsuspecting. The
proprietor therefore issues this caution, and respectfully intimates that
parties wishing to purchase the hydropult should examine the machine
offered for sale, and see if it has attached thereto a label, with the fol¬
lowing words: The Hydropult, Vose's Patent, manufactured only
by Griffiths and Browett, Birmingham. Charles Pomeroy Button,
proprietor 142 and 143, Cheapside, London." Unless this label is
attached the machine is not the hydropult. Hydropults weigh but 81b.,
and will throw seven or eight gallons of water per minute a distance of
50 feet when worked by the power of one man. Hydropuits will draw
water horizontally, if necessary, through 300 feet of suction hose,
and force it through delivery hose to an altitude of 100 feet. Hydro¬
pults can be used for all purposes to which a hydrant or forepump is
applicable, and in many situations where other contrivances are nseless.
Hydropults have been recommended as an efficient and useful fire¬
engine by many of the principal fire insurance companies of Great
Britain. Hydropults have been ordered by the War Department as
fire-engines. Robert Hogg. LL.D. and F.L.S., Shirley Hibbard, Esq.,
F.R.H.S., Thomas Rivers, Esq. (the eminent florist), and other well¬
known gentlemen recommend the hydropult as an invaluable garden
implement. Hydropults have been recommended by the Gardeners'
Chronicle, Journal of Horticulture, Gardeners' Magazine, Daily Tele¬
graph, Liverpool Daily Post, Commercial Daily List, Illustrated News
of the World, Birmingham Journal, Mechanies' Magazine, City Press,
Insurance Gazette, and other first class journals throughout Great
Britain. An illustrated prospectus, with testimonials, free on applica¬
tion to CHARLES POMEROY BUTTON, 142 and 143, Cheapside, E.C
WEDDING and EVENING PARTIES.—JOHN
EDGINGTON and Co.'s WATERPROOF TEMPORARY
ROOMS, comfortably warmed, floored, lighted, and elegantly deco¬
rated. Conveyed any distance. Waterproof tarpaulings, &c. Observe
the address, John Edgington and Co., 48, Long-lane, Smithfield, E.C.,
and 18, Piccadilly, W.; manufactory, 108, Old Kent-road, S.E.
