APOLLO, 60 to he P.— O—
TO X. Y. Z.—V. ...ACKNOWLEDGES, with
felt gratitude, £5. Received Sept 10th.
TO F. H. E.—Dear FRED, WRITE to your
Father or Uncle immediately. All is arran¬
SHOULD this MEET the EYE of JOEL TEAGUE,
please COMMUNICATE with Mary Teague, Chacewater; he will
oof something to his advantage.
 who left town on Sunday morning, between 10
and 11 o'clock, is earnestly requested to RETURN imme
diately.
RECEIVED THIS and Co.—A MESSAGE, ad
dressed as above, has been RECEIVED by Renter's Telegram
Company (Limited), from Muller, Singapore. The OWNER CANNOT
BE FOUND.
ISABEL HAMILTON. A child of this name was
baptized at Kew Church on the 30th November, 1856, and i
believed to have been born shortly before in that neighbourhood. Any
person who can give INFORMATION as to the parties present at the
birth or baptism shall be REWARDED, and the lady, who on Good
Friday, last year, called at Kew for a certificate of its baptism, i
earnestly requested to communicate with Messrs. Peacock and
Goddard, 3, South-square, Gray's-inn.
IF WILLIAM GASKELL, formerly of the city of
York, Esq., and who afterwards removed to Scotland, who was th
surviving trustee under a deed of settlement made on the 4th August,
1838 by the late Rev. John George Hounsfield, clerk, of certain estate
at Wadsley, and elsewhere, in the county of York, will COMMUNI¬
CATE with the undersigned, he will greatly oblige the widow and
family of the said J. G. Hounsfield. Any person giving information as
to the residence or of the decease of the said Wm. Gaskell will be
amply rewarded.
ANDREWS and BARRETT, Solicitors, Weymouth.
Sept. 6th, 1869.
TO the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all persons in
general having or pretending to have any interest in the personal
estate and effects of SARAH LOWE, late of Onslow-square, Bromp¬
ton, Middlesex, spinster, deceased.—Take notice, that on the 4th day
of September, 1863, a CITATION, issued under the seal of Her Ma¬
jesty's Court of Probate, at the instance of Mary Elizabeth Ford, of
Scholar-green, near Lawton, in the county of Cheshire, widow, as the
sole legatee named in the will of Sarah Lowe, late of Onslow-square,
Brompton, in the county of Middlesex, spinster, deceased, citing the
neat of kin (if any), and all persons in general, within 30 days after the
service of the said citation, inclusive of the day of service, to cause an
appearance to be entered for them in the said Court of Probate, and
a cept or refuse letters of administration, with the will annexed, of the
personal estate and effects of the said Sarah Lowe, deceased, or show
cause why the same should not be granted to the said Mary Elizabeth
Ford, as such sole legatee, with an intimation that, in default of their
so doing, the Judge of the said Court of Probate, or the Registrars of
the Principal Registry, will proceed therem according to law, their
absence notwithstanding.
H. L. STRONG, Registrar.
KEMPSTON, TROLLOPE, and WINCKWORTH,
Solicitors, 31, Abingdon-street, Westminste.r.
LOST, on the Stn instant, a GOLD WATCH, with
enamelled dial; maker's name, Henry Norman, No. 80516. Lost
on the way from Pimlico to Kensington by railway, or in returning on
the road to Brompton Cemetery, and thence by train to Victoria. On
eing returned to 162, Buckingham Palace-road, a REWARD of FOUR
POUNDS will be paid.
TO HANSOM CAB DRIVERS.—Large OPERA
GLASS LEFT in a CAB, which took two gentlemen from the
Haymarket to 105, Adelaide-road, on Wednesday night last. TEN
SHILLINGS REWARD will be paid on its restoration to the above
address.
MISSING FRIENDS, Unclaimed Money, &c.—
INQUIRIES made in the United States of America, Canada,
Australia, and all parts of the globe, through 2,600 correspondents
Legal business attended to abroad. Advertisements inserted in foreign
newspapers. Index to 12,000 advertisements for next of kin, heirs at
law, and legatees, sent for 12 stamps.—ROBERT GUN, American,
colomal, and foreign agent, 6, Prince of Wales-road, London, N.W.
CHANGE of NAME.—Notice is hereby given, that
I, JACOB MOSES, of No. 6, Bedford-square, in the county
or Middlesex, gentleman, have by deed-poll, dated the 8th day of
September instant (duly enrolied in Her Majesty's High Court of Chan¬
cery on the 9 h day of September instant), ASSUMED the NAME
of JOHN MOSES MARSH, instead of that of Jacob Moses, and that
henceforth I shall on all occasions, and in all deeds, writings, and trans¬
actions, use the said name of John Moses Marsh only. — Dated this 10th
day of September, 1869.
JOHN MOSES MARSH.
Witness—John Pike, solicitor, 26, Old Burlington-street, W.
WHEREAS, the Right Honourable GEORGE
STEVENS, Earl of STRAFFORD, of Wrotham-park, in the
county of Hertford, and the Master and Keepers or Wardens and
Commonalty of the Mystery or Art of Ironmongers, London, being
respectively interested under the provisions of "The Acts for the
Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Lands," in the LAND
and HEREDITAMENTS set forth in the schedule hereunder writ¬
ten, with the easements and appurtenances thereunto belonging, and
being desirous of effecting an EXCHANGE of the same, have made
application in writing to the Inclosure Commissioners for England
and Wales to direct inquiries whether such proposed exchange would
be beneficial to the owners of such respective lands and hereditaments,
and to proceed with the same under the provisions of the said Acts;—
Now the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, being of
opinion that such exchange would be beneficial, and that the terms
thereof are just and reasonable, hereby give notice that they will cause
to be framed and confirmed, under their hands and seal, an order of
exchange in the matter of the said application, unless notice in
writing of dissent to the said proposed exehange be given to them by
some person entitled to an estate in or to a charge upon the said land
and hereditaments, or any part thereof, on or before the 11th day of
December next.
The Schedule to which the foregoing notice refers:—
Land and hereditaments in which the abovenamed George Stevens,
Earl of Strafford is interested, situate in the parish of All Saints',
Poplar, in the county of Middlesex, and proposed to be exchanged for
the land and hereditaments hereinafter specified.—Description.—A
piece of ground situate on the west side of the Westferry-road, 10p.
Land and hereditaments in which the abovenamed Ironmongers'
Company is interested, situate in the parish of All Saints',
Poplar, in the county of Middlesex, and proposed to be exchanged
for land and hereditaments herembefore specified. —Description.—A
piese of ground, situate on the west side of the Westferry-road, in
the Isle of Dogs, adjoining and surrounding on three sides a piece of
ground marked out by three boundary stones with the arms of the
Iroumongers' Company engraven on them, 30p.
Witness my hand this 26th day of August, in the year of our Lord

By order of the Board.
H. PYNE.
inclosure Commission, 3, St. James's-square, London, S.W.
GREAT FIRE.—Day and Martin's.—Messrs. Day
and Martin beg to notify to their numerous friends and the
public that, notwithstanding the disastrous fire at their manufactory,
they will be prepared to carry on their vast operations with little or no
delay, having temporary premises already in partial working order.
They fully rely, at the same time, upon every sympathy and indulgence
from their friends.
DAY and MARTIN.
No. 97, High Holborn, 8th Sept., 1869.
FUGENE CLICQUOTS CHAMPAGNE.—The
purchasers of my wine are requested particularly to observe the
brand "Eugene Clicquot" as established and adhered to by me for a
quarter of a century, and which was duly registered according to the
law of France, the 27th May, 1845. Supplied solely through the trade.
Corks and labels clearly marked.
(Signed), EUGENE CLICQUOT, Reis.
THE public are CAUTIONED against IMITA¬
TIONS of the NEW VELLUM WOVE CLUB-HOUSE NOTE.
This paper has been manufactured to meet the universally experienced
want—Le., a paper which shall in itself combine a perfectly smooth
surface with total freedom from grease. It is made from the best linen
rags only, possesses great tenacity and durability, and is equally well
adapted for quill or steel pen. Sample packet post free for 18 stamps.
(Signed) PARTRIDGE and COOPER, Sole Manufacturers
and Vendors, 192, Fleet-srreet, E.C.
CAUTION. — Mr. LIPSCOMBES CHARCOAL
FILTERS are the only ones that remove lead, lime, and sewage
from water, and that are self-cleaning. Prospectus free.—Temple-bar,
London. Last Patent, Jan. 6, 1869
CAUTION.—Our New Price Lists are obtainable,
free by post for two stamps.—The RAW HIDE GIRTHS, as
used in the Cape, Australia, and the back woods of America, &c., are
solely made in this country by us; likewise the extra-heavy all Fawn
Bugs, for use after clipping, so celebrated in former years, and at the
same prices.—A. DAVIS and Co., 14, Strand, London.
CAUTION.—PLATTS TWEEDS.—These cele¬
brated TWEEDS are stamped, every two yards, "Platt's Tweeds."
Tney are made expressly for riding trousers, shooting suits, or for hard
general wear, and ae unequalled for quality of material, weight,
strength, perrectness of make, clearness and soundness of colour.
They can be ordered through any respectable tailor in every town of
the kingdom and colonies, but are to be had only by shippers and the
trade from the introducer, James Platt and Co., 78, St. Martin's-lane,
and 28 and 29, Cranbourn-street, London, W.C.
CAUTION.—LLOYD'S EUXESIS, for Shaving
without Soap or Water. The public are hereby informed that,
in pursuance of a decretal order of the Court of Cuancery, made in a
stut for the administration of the estate of the late Audrew Solomon
Lloyd, we have purcha ed of the Executex the Business carried on
by the late A. S. Lloyd, as a perfumer, together with the exclusive
right to and interest in the article known as "Lloyd's Euxesis." We,
therefore, caution the public that the genine Lioyd's Euxesis bears
only the original signature and address, namely, "A. S. Lloyd,
No. 27, Glasshouse-street," where it can be obtained as formerly.
R. HOVENDEN and SONS, 27, Glasshouse-street, Regent¬
t, London, W.
CAUTION.—The Directors of the manufactory "La
Ferme," carrying on business in St. Petersburg, Moscow, Warsaw,
and Dresden, have discovered that certain persons nave, notwithstand¬
ing the protection of trade marks by Prussian law, attempted to bring
into the market an imitation, La FERME CIGARETTES, in
wrappers strikingly similar to those used by the original firm.
In order to protect the public from frand, the Directors make known
the folowing points by which the two wrappers may be distinguished:
—On the wrappers which have been in use for 18 years at the manufac¬
tories, "La Ferme," in St. Petersburg, Moscow, Warsaw, and Dresden,
there is written above the Russian cagle "Reeu, 1868," above the Paris
medal "Premier prix," and above the Chemnitz medal "Hors
concours." The inscription on both medals is perfectly legible; be¬
sides, there is "Fabrique de Tabacs et Cigarettes," "La Ferme," à St.
Petersburg; "Persp de Nevsky," a Moscow; "Pont de Morsch," à
Varsovie et à Dresde dans sa propre maison., On the other hand,
some of the imitations have also the Russian eagle and the prize
medals of both the Paris and the Chemnity exhibitions, and above the
eagle "Fondi, 1867," and above the prize medals, on which the inscrip¬
tion is not legible, there is "Premier qualite," and the following in¬
scription:—" Fabrique de cigarettes, et de tabacs,""La Ferme," vend
a St. Petersburg, a Moscou, à O-lessa, à Varsovie, à Dresde et à Berlin
dans propre maison.
The Directors ascertained also that certain commercial travellers
have taken orders in the name of the original firm; they therefore give
notice that they never had, or ever intend to have, travellers, where¬
fore all such oners from travellers, to persuade persons to buy other
goods resembling those of the "La Ferme" manufactory, must be looked
upon as attempts to defrand. They would be very thankful for any in¬
formation about such persons, in order to put an end to such wrongful
dealings.
Beside the imitation above referred to there are tho others one
called "La Terne," and the o e
"Lamberd." The publ c who wish
to be secured from such inntations are requested either to apply to the
firm "La Ferme," of Dresden, or to other well-known houses, who ony
sell the genuine article (in London, Messrs. Adoiph Frankan and Co.,
No. 72, Wood-street).
Dresden, June 30th, 1869.
POLLAKYS PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES with secrecy and despatch in divorce
cases, &c., by Mr. Poliaky, 13, Paddington-green.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, 2, Southampton¬
buildings, Holborn.—Mr. BENTLEY is now disengaged, and
ready to undertake inquiries of all kinds, especially for the Divorce
and other law courts. References to solicitors.
HBEX and SAMBUR GLASS.—Notice.—This
UNIQUE SPORTSMAN'S TELESCOPE can on y be obtained
direct from the makers, Four guineas. —W. and J. BURROW, Malvern
makers of the celebrated Malvorn landscape glasses).
DEATHS.
On the 8th Sept., at Clapham-common, GEonok, the eldest, beloved
son of JAMES and SARAH McLACHLAN, aged 25.
On the 8th Sept., at 6, Hawley-road, Kentish-town, JOsIaH ELLIOT,
aged 73.
On the 8th Sept., at his residence, Tollemache-road, Claughton
Birkenhead, WILLIAM BALLENY, Esq., aged 68,
On the 8th Sept., in the 18th year of his age, HENRY, youngest son
of WILLIAM and SARAH ROUND, of Castle-street, Tipton, Friend
will kindly accept this intimation.
On the 8th Sept., JAMES KING, Esq., of Hayes, Middlesex, in his
83d year.
On the 9th Sent, at Hillside, Wimbledon, MARY, widow of Capt.
MACONOCHIE, R.N., K.H., in her 74th year.
On the 9th Sept., at his residence, 21, Gloucester-square, Hyde-park,
JOuN SAMUEL MOORAT, Esq., in his 75th year.
On the 9th Sept., at Folkestone, after a long and painful illness, in
the 36th year of his age, CBARLES EDWARD KINGSTONE BUTLER
Esq., of Onslow-square, South Kensington, a Deputy Lieutenant of
the Tower Hamlets, eldest son of Charles Salisbury Butler, Esq., of
Cazenoves, Upper Clapton, Middlesex.
On the 9th Sept., at Marine House, Tynemouth, EDWARD POTTEN,
Esq., Cromlington.
On the 9th Sept., at her residence, 27, Clarendon-gardens, Maida-vale
HARRIETT, widow of THOMAS HENSHAW, Esq., formerly of Rood
lane, city, aged 87.
On the 9th Sept., at 55, Acacia-road, St. John's-wood, CLORINDE,
wife of ADOLPHE LOFFET, Esq., aged 51.
On the 9th Sept., at his residence, Gerrard's Cross, Bucks, JOsIAH
CAro, of 48, Cambridge-terrace, Hyde-park, Esq., aged 74.
On the 10th Sept., at Brighton of diarrhea, EVELINE LOUISE
infant daughter of CHARLES THOMAS and LOUISA MARIANNE
MACADAM, 44, Foxley-road, North Brixton, aged two months.
At Boulogne-sur-Mer, France, Sir WINDHAM CARMICHAEL
ANSTRUTHER. Bart, of Carmichael, in the 77th year of his age.
