ROSE.—If an old friend can be of use, WRITE

post-office, 51, Fenchurch-Street.
TO E.—Did not on Fourteenth. How can R. or
Daughter most safely receive £10? Reply as before. —Bumpus.
VEDDING PRESENT ARRIVED SAFELY
(exquisite) Will be worn on the 25th. Many, many thanks to
my unknown old friend.—C.P.
THE GENTLEMAN who LEFT his HOME on

sday morning, 28th ult., is earnestly entreated to COM¬
MUNICATE at once with E. J. All is known to her, and can yet be
judiciously arranged.
SHOULD this MEET the EYE of F. M.—merchant,
late of H...., France, he is earnestly requested by his friends
(some grave family complications having occurred since his absence)
to COMMUNICATE immediately, either by telegram or letter, with
Mr. Pollaky, Private Inquiry Office, 13, Paddington-green, London, W.
THE Committee of the CITY of LONDON HOS¬
PITAL fer DISEASES of the CHEST, Victoria-park, ACKNOW¬
LEDGE, with sincere thanks, the half of a £5 note from "Mens
conseia recti."
No. 6, Liverpool-street, E.C., 5t he aane¬
uary, 1865.
LOST, on Thursday, Dec. 29, a GRAY PARROT.
Whoever will bring the same to 10, Mildmay-road, Stoke New¬
ington, shall receive TWO POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, in the neighbourhood of the Alpha-road, on
the 29th December, a BLACK and FAWN SPITZ DOG. Who¬
ever will bring or send him
Hanover-terrace, Regent's-park,
shall receive THREE POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, a BANK RECEIPT (No. 1470) for £4 de¬
posit on two East Indian Railway "J" Extension Shares. Who¬
ever will forward the same to the agent of the Leicestershire Banking
Company, Atherstone, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Friday evening, the 30th Dec., a CORAL
BRACELET either in a cab or getting out of one in Meck¬
lenburgh-square. Whoever has found the same and will bring it to
Mr. Baldwin's, stationer, 18, Albert-terrace, Bishop's-road, shall be RE¬
WARDED.
LEFT in a CAB, which conveyed a lady and gentle¬
man from King's-cross Station to Uppe
impole-street.
on Tuesday, the 3d of January, at 6 p.m., a SMALL MOROCCO
BAG, containing a gold watch and chain in a case, a bunch of keys,
and several other things. Whoever will bring the same to 24, Upper
Wimpole-street, shall receive FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. — LOST, on Monday.
near the church in the Marylebone-road, a SABLE MUFF,
Apply at 76. Wimpole-street, Cavendish-square.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at Euston¬
square Station, on January 4, a £10 NOTE, No. 58,112. Whoever
will return the same to Mr. J. Hunter, 62, Edgware-road, W., shall
receive the above reward. Payment stopped
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD. —LOST or
STOLEN, on Friday, the 30th day of December, 1864, in the
pourhood of the Bank of England, the following BANK of ENG¬
LAND NOTES, viz.:—£100, No. 18798, 24th October, 1864; £50,
No. 32403, 23d September, 1864; £10, No. 85724, 21st September, 1864;
£5, No. 18844, 18th November, 1864. Payment of the notes has been
stopped. Whoever will, within three months, give such information
as shall lead to the recovery of the above notes if lost, or to the re¬
covery of the notes and the conviction of the offender if stolen, shall
receive the above reward, or a proportionate part thereof, according to
the amount so recovered. Information to be given to Inspector Hamil¬
ton, City Police-office, Old Jewry, London: or to Messrs. R. and S.
Mullens, solicitors, 7, Poultry, London, E.C.—Jan. 4, 1865.
BILL DISCOUNTERS and others are CAU¬
TIONED NOT to NEGOTIATE sundry BILLS of EXCHANGE,
drawn by William Patten on the following persons:—A. French
B. Stone, W. Pinder, J. Wilmott, R. H. Marshall, C. Woodward, E.
Channing, A. Timewell, T. Garnham, E. K. Seymour.T. H. Entwistle,
P. Auley, W. Timewell; also, one by J. Gill on Sir H. Lytton Bulwer,
Bart.; and one by F. Bradford on T. Hankey; the same having been
stolen. Information to be given to G. Cordwell, Esq., 22, College-hill,
city.
THOMAS JACKSON and JOSEPH JACKSON,
two of the sons of Henry Jackson, of Skirwith, in Cumberland,
and Margaret, his wife, formerly Margaret Nolson, of Morland, and
born respectively in 1750 and 1753, left this country as young men, and
have not, it is believed, since been heard of. The latter is supposed to
have sailed on some whaling expedition, but it is not known where
Thomas went. If they or either of them have left children or other
issue, such children or issue may HEAR of SOMETHING to their
ADVANTAGE by applying to Messrs. Bell, Brodrick, and Bell, of
Bow churchyard, London; or Mr. Edward Bleaymire, of Penrith,
Cumberland.
NEXT of KIN.—If the NEXT of KIN of Mrs.
ANNA MARIA WATTS of 20. Above-bar Southampts
osemaidename was Anna Maria Glaine, of Bath, will COM,
MUNICATE with Messrs. Sharp, He
an  Sharp, solicitors
Southampton, they will HEAR of SOMETHING to their ADVAN¬
TAGE. — December 29, 1864.
NOTICE is hereby given that application will be
made by ARTHUR ALBRIGHT, of the Phosphorus and Chy¬
mical Works, Oldbury, in the county of Worcester, near Birmingham,
in the county of Warwick, manufacturing chymist, by petition to
Her Majesty in Council, for a PROLONGATION of the TERM of the
LETTERS PATENT granted for the sole using and vending of an
invention of "Improvements in the Manufacture of Phosphorus and
in the Apparatus to be used therein" to the said Arthur Albright,
being a communication made to him by a certain foreigner then re¬
sicing abroad, namely by Professor Anton Schreetter, of Vienna, in
the Empire of Austria, bearing date at Westminster the 17th day of
July, in the 15th year of Her Majesty's reign, within England, Wales,
and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and in the Islands of Guernsey,
Jersey, Alderney, Sark and Man; and notice is hereby given, that
the said Arthur Albright intends to apply by counsel to the Judicial
Committee of the Privy Council, on the 8th day of February now next,
or, if the said Judicial Committee shall not sit on that day, at the next
sitting of the said Judicial Committse after that date, for a time to be
fixed for hearing the matter of his said petition; and that on or be¬
fore the said 8th day of February next notice must be given of
any opposition intended to be made to the said petition; and any
person intending to oppose the said application must lodge a caveat to
that effect at the Council-office on or before that date.—Dated this
27th day of December 1864.
WILSON, BRISTOWS, and CARPMAEL, 1, Copthall-buildings,
London, Solicitors for the abovenamed Petitioner.
NOTICE is hereby given, that I, the undersigned,
lately called ISAAC MOSES, of 23, Kensington Palace-gardens.
in the county of Middlesex, have on and from this day ASSUMED
the SURNAME of MARSDEN in addition to the surname of Moses,
but as my last and principal surname; and that I shall at all times
hereafter, in all deeds and writings, and in all dealings and transac¬
tions, and on all occasions whatsoever, use such surname of Marsden in
addition to that of Moses, and as my last and principal surname ; and
I have declared my intention to assume such surname by deed to be
enrolied in Her Majesty's High Court of Chancerv.—Dated this 4th
day of January, 1863.
ISAAC MOSES MARSDEN.
W.
Salem C. Harris, notary public, &c., 24, Royal

THE MODE
N .
HL
LA.
SCTURE,
from 1488 to
theperesent time, contrib
Ba e e Admiralty and
private shipbuilders, ac., are noe e d
EN to the PUBLIC, at the SOUTH
KENSINGTON MUSEUM. Mondays, Tuesdays, and Saturdays free,
from10 a.m. till 10 p.m.; Wednee a o.
Thursdays, and
Wridays, from
10 a.m. till 4 p.m., admission 6d. By order of the Lords of the Co

cation.
MARTIN MAYLARD, 95 and 96, High-street,
Borough, in RETIRING from BUSINESS, begs to return his
sincere thanks to his numerous friends and customers for their long¬
contined favours, and to inform them that he has transferred his stock
and busines to o ar.
r, Son, and Co., of Gracechurch-street, to whon
he begs that all debts due to him may be paid.
We beg to notify that the whole remainder of Mr. Maylard's stock
has been removed to our premises, and will be offered, at a great reduc¬
tion from the original cost, on Thursday, the 12th of January, and fol¬
lowing days, with our usual new year's clearance of last season's goods
—silk and other dresses, French snawls, flannels, table linen and sheet¬
ings, lace shawls and cambric handkerchiefs, muslin works of all
kinds, hosiery and gloves.—Capper, Son, and Co., linendrapers by ap¬
pointment to the Queen and to the Prince of Wales, 69 and 70, Grace¬
church-street, and 169 and 170, Fenchurch-Street.
MESSRS. LEANEY and CAREY beg to return
their grateful acknowledgments to their kind patrons for the
very liberal support they have received during the nine years they have
carried on the business of Timber, Slate, Lime, and Cement Mer¬
chants, &c., and to inform them that, in consequence of the ill health
of Mr. Leaney, the PARTNERSHIP hitherto existing between them
is this day DISSOLVED, by mutual consent, and that in future the

oe e e

Old Station-road, Tunbridge-wells, 31st day of December, 1864.
G. CAREY (late Leaney and Carey) begs to solicit a continuance of
the kind patronage so liberally best.
te h e
tit e a

all those who may favour him with their orders, that nothing shall be
wanting on his part to merit their confidence and support.
Old Station-road, Tunbridge-wells, 1st January, 1855.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD. —Whereas, certain
persons have been going about the country falsely representing
themselves as travellers for the firm of Lewis and Allenby, of Regent
street, London, silkmercers, and offering for sale articles represented
as part of that firm's stock Notice is hereby given, for and on behalf
of the said LEWIS and ALLENBY, that they neither employ travel¬
lers nor authorize persons to go about the country soliciting orders
and with a view to the detection and punishment of the parties making
so fraudulent a use of their name, a reward of £50 is hereby offered
by the said Lewis and Allenby to any person giving such information
as shall result in a conviction of the offending parties; such reward to
be paid on conviction. Information to be sent to J. H. and R. Tyas.
No. 13, Beaufort-buildings, Strand, London, the solicitors of the said
Lewis and Allenby.	J. H. and R. TYAS, 13, Beaufort¬
Jan., 1865.
g, Strand.
SCARFS.—Manufacturers and retailers are CAU¬
TIONED that proceedings will be taken against all persons who
make or sell any scaris which admit of being worn either end upwards,
with a detachable band or tie, except such as are secured by letters
patent granted to Alfred Swonnell, dated 6th May, 1864. —Dated 3d.
January, 1865. 	H. WICKENS, Solicitor to the Patentee,
4, Tokenhouse-yard, Bank.
MESSRS. JOSEPH and JOHN VICKERS and
Co. beg to inform their friends that the first brick of the founda¬
tions of their new distillery in Victoria-street, Westminster, was laid
on Monday, the 2d day of January, and every effort will be made to
press forward the work without delay. The erection of the new steam
stills and machinery has been entrusted to a gentleman of the highest
scientific attainments, and everything will be done to render the new
distillery worthy of the patronage of those friends who have so long
given them their support. Present address, Bridge-house Hotel. Lon¬
don-bridge, S.E., and Rutland-wharf, 4, Uoner Thame
st., city, E.C.
REMOVAL.—W. CARDINAL and Co., importers

meral carpet warehousemen, respect¬
ounce their REMOVAL from St. Helen's-place, Bishopeghte,
to Levant-warehouse, 108 and 109, High Holborn, W. C.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. J. W. BENSON begs
to inform the nobility, gentry, and public that, in consequence
of his premises in Cornhill being required for a public com¬
pany, he has TRANSFERRED the BUSINESS lately carried on
there to his principal establishment and manufactory, at 83 and 34,
Ludgate-hill. For the further convenienge of his customers he has also
opened branch establishments at 99, Westbourne-grove, 164, Totten¬
ham-court-road, and 67, Newington-causews,
CAUTION.—HARRIS'sSPECTACLES.—THOMAS
HARRIS and SON CAUTION the public against persons using
their name. Business (established 1780) solely conducted at 52, Great
Russell-Street, opposite the British Museum-gate, where only can be
had their celebrated spectacles, opera and field glasses. No travellers
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz.:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
CAUTION.—Fox's Frames for Umbrellas and
Parasols.—SAMUEL FOX and Co., patentees and sole
manufacturers of the Paragon Frame, and manufacturers of frames
made of solid steel wire, for UMBRELLAS and PARASOLS, beg
to invite notice to their label, which should be placed inside
each umbrella and parasol, and to caution dealers and the public
against imitations of their patent pebble tips. These imitations, which
are brittle and easily defaced, are being used by other persons to cause
inferior frames to resemble those manufactured by S. Fox and Co.,
by which a small extra profit may be made at the expense of the
durability of the umbrella or parase. S. Fox and Co.'s frames, made
of solid wire, are warranted not to lock together on opening the
umbrella or parasol, and, from the superior quality and temper of the
steel, will not suap or become bent in the use. They are charged one
penny per umbrella or parasol more than the frames of other makers.
S. Fox and Co.'s patent pebble tips, being used only as a trade mark to
denote their special manufacture, are charged without profit. They
are of extreme strength and durability, and will last as long as the
frames.—S. Fox and Co., Deepear, near Sheffield, Oct., 1864
NOTICE.—Mr. WATHERSTON (late of Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden, goldsmith, begs respectfully to inform
the nobility and gentry that his late partnership having been dissolved
he now carries on the same system of business at 12, Pall-mall east
adjoining the National Gallery, under the firm of Watherston and Son'
NOTICE.—JOHN BROGDEN continues to carry
on the business at 16, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden, his late
partner having relinquished his share and interest in the said business
and the goodwill thereof.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—P. G. DODD and SON,
goldsmiths, &c., beg to acquaint their friends and the
that, having sold their premises in Cornhill, they have REMOVED
their business to 146, Leadenhall-Street, nearly opposite the New East
Indis-buildinge
. H. MAY's ADVERTISEMENT OFFICE RE¬
MOVED (temporarily) to 5, Benet's-place, Gracechurch-street,
adjoining No. 59.
