CROSS.—COME BACK quickly. I am abroad for
a few days. I am miserable at the idea of the friend who is
with you. For God's sake don't change.—"St.
MISSING.—The YOUNG MAN, who left his
father's office, on the 18th inst., is entreated to RETURN
home to his affficted family. His future course will be left to his own
TAKE notice, that under an Order of the High Court
of Judicature at Bombay, a Commission will be holden at the
British Consular Court at Constantinople, in or about the month of
November next, to take evidence as to the CLAIMS of all persons
CLAIMING to be the DESCENDANTS and legal HEIRS of COZA
CAZAR DE GREGORIO, deceased; all persons interested are re¬
quested to present themselves for examination before the said Commis¬
sion. The day on which the Commission will be opened and all other
particulars may be had on application to Mr. G. H. Clifton, solicitor,
Galata, Constantinople.
POLICE NOTICE.—ONE HUNDRED POUNDS
REWARD.—ABSCONDED, on Thursday, the 19th inst., charged
on a warrant, signed by Alderman Sir R. W. Carden, with obtaining
353 doubloons (Mexican and South American) of the value of £1,137
sterling, by means of false pretences, and with intent to defrand, J.
DION, late of 117, Leadenhall-street, about 30 years of age,
5ft. 8 or 9 inches high, proportionate build, dark auburn hair, small
light moustache, no beard or whiskers, dressed in black suit, broad
brim black hat, and very large necktie ; generally wears a diamond
brooch. Speaks with an American accent. Peculiar expression of
face. The above reward will be paid to any person who will give such
information as shall lead to the apprehension of the accused and re¬
covery of the property, or in proportion. Information to Inspector
Bailey, City of London Police Detective Department, 26, Old Jewry,
LEFT in a CAB, which took a gentleman from
Piccadilly to Kennington-oval, on Wednesday, an OVERCOAT.
REWARD will be given on its being taken to Hatchett's hotel,
Piccadilly.
TO CABMEN.—LOST, on Thursday evening by a
lady, in getting out of a cab in Carlton-house-terrace,  LEATHER
PURSE, containing money. Whosoever wil
to No. 21, or give
information about it, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
TURKISH BONDS LOST.—TEN POUNDS RE¬
WARD will be given on delivery of the three £100 Bonds as
advertised, on application to Messrs. Clapham, stockbrokers, Throg¬
morton-street, Bank.
NOTICE.—39, King-street, Cheapside London,
August 19, 1869.—Our partnership-with Mr. Oswald Howell
having been dissolved on the 10th instant, we hereb,.
all persons
having CLAIMS against the late firm of WALKER, REDDALL,
NIX, and HOWELL to forward particulars of the same forthwith to
us, at the above address, and we also give notice that we have been
authorized to receive all debts due to the aforesaid late firm.
WALKER, REDDALL, and NIX.
NOTICE.—The Postmaster-General having decided
that it is his duty to return to the writers, as "insufficiently
addressed," all letters directed without initials or number to "Smee
and Compy., Finsbury," John Henry Smee and Company urgently
request their correspondents to DIRECT their LETTERS and
ORDERS in full, as under,
JOHN HENRY SMEE and COMPY., 20, Finsbury¬
pavement, Moorgate Terminus.
ALBERT LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY.—
The Committee of Policyholders, Shareholders, and Annuitants
beg to state, in answer to numerous inquiries, that a CIRCULAR will
shortly be FORWARDED to all persons from whom applications have

Committee Room, City Terminus Hotel, Cannon-street,
ndon, E.C.
SALMON FISHERY ACTS, 1861, 1865.—Notice is
hereby given, that the Special Commissioners for English Fisheries
will hold a COURT at the Shire-hall, Haverfordwest, in the county
of Pembroke, on the 4th of October next, at 11 o'clock a.m., and
at such Court will proceed to inquire into the LEGALITY of all
FISHING WEIRS, Fishing Mill Dams, and Fixed Engines situate on
men
and the Rivers, Estuaries, and Seas within the
CLEDDY FISHERY DISTRICT; and all persons interested in such
engines are required to attend at such Court from day to day until
discharged, in order that a decision may be made by the said Com¬
missioners with respect to the removal of such fishing weirs or fixed
engines, or the alteration of such fishing mill dams, or that such other
order may be made by them in the premises as the facts of each case

THOMAS F. BRADY. Secretary.
Dated at 8, Parliament-street, Westminster, this 16th day of
August, 1869.
RIVER THAMES.—Notice is hereby given, that
the Conservators of the river Thames, in pursuance of the pro¬
visions of the Thames Conservancy Act, 1864, and of every other power
in anywise enabling them in this behalf, have submitted certain BYE¬
LAWS for the allowance of Her Majesty in Council for the following

1. For regulating the traffic on that part of the rivers Thames and
Isis which lies between the City Stone, near Staines and Cricklade, on
the occasion of any boat-race, regatta, public procession or launch of
any vessel, or on any other occasion when large crowds assemble on
the said river.
2. For the protecting, preserving, and regulating of the fisheries of the
said rivers between the limits aforesaid, and the preservation of the
fish therein, and for registering and regulating boats or vessels used for
fishing, and the governing of persons following the business of fisher¬
men, and of persons letting boats or vessels for hire for fishing, and for
prohibiting the use of certain nets, engines, and other devices for fish¬
ing and for fixing the times for taking fish, and for otherwise preserving
and regulating the fisheries of the said rivers between the limits afore¬
said. —Dated this 17th day of August, 1869.
By order of the Conservators,
WYATT and HOSKINS, 28, Parliament-street, Westminster
SOUTHWARK-BRIDGE COMPANY, Southwark¬
bridge Trensfer Act, 1865.—Notice is hereby given, that the
transfer of the Southwark-bridge to the Corporation of the city of
London, having taken place in accordance with the provisions of the
said Act, and the several persons whose names are here underwritten,
who appear on the books of the Company to be registered proprietors,
not having claimed their respective shares, or proportions of the
purclase money under the said Act, they are requested forthwith to
send in their CLAIMS, together with their scrip certificates, to me, at
the Southwark-bridge office, 10, Queen-street-place, London.—4th May,
W. L. HUNT, Secretary.
Last known and registered Place of
Name.
Address.
Abbey Philip, deceased (Eliza¬
beth Dibb iwife of
see
William Dibb) and Ann Par¬ Church-passage, Piccadilly
ker, spinster, administratrices
de bonis non).

Abbot, George.
Mark-lane, London
Adieck, Lady Mary 0
Berkeley-square
Atkins, Anna
Saint Servan, Brittany
Blenkinsop, Henry
Eton College
Blunt. Thomas
Cornhill
Boulton, Elizabetl.
York-buildings, Marylebone
Brealey, Albert
Gray's-inn-square
Clark, Richard.
Tower-street
Co.
.Jane
 Mill-green, Ripon.
Edmunds, Luther.
New-street, Bishopsgate
Evans, John.
 Temple-place
Ford, James Edward
Hackney
France, Thomas . Bedford-row

 London-road, Southwark
Haydon (or Hayden), William  Wandsworth
Hebden George	Leeds
Hood, Nathaniel Greenwich
Jubb, George  Winchester-street.
Julian, George	Allsopp's-buildings
Leigh, William
No address registered
Lomas, James.
Devonshirc-street, Queen's-square
Nudford, Nixon
Curtais-road
Newbury. Thomas
Fleet-street.
Norton, Thomas Francis  Kensington
Nugent, John	Canterbury-buildings, Lambeth
Robinson, SamuelLothbury
Rowcroft, Thomas
Lombard-street.
Salte, Sarah, deceased (William
Sulte Lockwood and Thomas
Artillery-place, St. Luke's
Roe, Executors)
Savage, John Gray's-inn-square
Stockeld. Robert	Millbank-street
Swann, HenryEsher
Thornton, Thomas
Greenwich
Timbrell, William Hall
n wishanl
Turlington, Ann, deceased (Letitia
Reading
Noble, executriz) 00 
Woolley, John
Stockwell-green
Yorke, Sir Joseph.
Burlington-street
Zenobia, Louis,  n.
St. Alban's-street, Middlesex.
THE public are CAUTIONED against IMITA¬
TIONS of the NEW VELLUM WOVE CLUB-HOUSE NOTE.
This paper has been manufactured to meet the universally experienced
want—Le., a paper which shall in itself combine a perfectly smooth
surface with total freedom from grease. It is made from the best linen
rags only, possesses great tenacity and durability, and is equally well
adapted for quill or steel pen. Sample packet post free for 18 stamps.
(Signed) PARTRIDGE and COOPER, Sole Manufacturers
and Vendors, 192, Fleet-street, E.C.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON,
bears the label used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenb
CAUTION.—VOIGTLANDERS OPERA and
RACE GLASSES.—The public are hereby cautioned against
imitations. The genuine bear the following inscription on the slides;—
Callaghan, sole agent, 23a, New Bond-street, corner of Conduit-st."
CAUTION.—BETTSS CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of capsules made in contravention
of his rights, which necessarlly are numerous, Betts being the original
inventor and sole maker in the United Kingdom.—1, Wharf-road,
City-road. London; and Bordeaux, France.—April 8, 1869.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHENS 50s. UNIVERSAL
FIELD and OPERA GLASS.—Volunteers, tourists, and the
public generally are respectfully informed that these celebrated glasses
can only be obtained of the maker, M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New
Bond-street, W. N.B. An extensive assortment of Aluminium Glasses,
at greally reduced prices.
CAUTION.—JENNER and KNEWSTUB,
patentees of the A BC Despatch Box, beg respectfully to caution
the public against deceptive and useless imitations of their ELGIN
WRITING-CASE, which is to be had only of the inventors and manu¬
factures Jenner and Knewstub, to the Queen, 33, St. James's-street,
and 66, Jermyn-street.
CAUTION.—LLOYD'S EUXESIS, for shaving with¬
out the use of either soapor water. Invaluable for tender skins.
The only genuine, bearing the signature of the inventor, A. S. Lloyd,
is to be obtained from his successors, R. Hovenden and Sons, at the
original manufactory, 27, Glasshouse-street, Regent's-quadrant,
London. Price in patent tubes, 1s. 6d. and 3s.
CAUTION.—PETTIT and Co., 459, 460, 461, New
Oxford-street, are the INVENTORS and PATENTEES of the
AMIANTH GAS FIRE. No smoky ceilings with their patent Mica
Covers, boiling and kettle stands, hot plates, stoves for cooking and
heating fitted with their patent air and gas burners, boilers for baths,
conservatories, engines, hot-water work, gas fittings, electrical bells.
Estimates free.
CAUTION.—WOOD TAPESTRY, in lieu of Paint¬
ing or Papering. Patent No. 2,138.—HOWARD and SONS,
decorators, of 26 and 27, Berners-street, find it necessary to caution the
public against any infringement of this putent, as imitations are being
offered for sale, and both purchasers and dealers are liable to the
penalties under the patent laws.—26 and 27 Berners-street, W.
CAUTION to PURCHASERS of STEEL PENS.—
JOSEPH GILLOTT, pen maker to the Queen, having been in¬
formed that hawkers and others vending steel pens frequenily repre¬
sent themselves falsely as being his travellers and coming direct from
his establishment, desires to caution the public against such impostors,
and to state that his representatives do not call upon consumers.—
Victoria Works, Birmingham.
CAUTION.—Ash's Kaffece Kanne, the best system of
making coffee known; Ash's celebrated Filtering Refrigerator;
Ash's Piston Freezing Machine and Wine Cooler, used in all parts of
the world; Ash's Improved Double-wall Ice Water Pitcher (with
inside tube" to be used with or without ice; Ash's noted Freezing
Powders; Simpson's Seltzogenes, &c., are now the sole property of the
Piston Freezing Machine and Ice Company, who issue gratis a descrip¬
tive pamphlet. Legal proceedings will be taken against any person in¬
fringing the company's patent rights.—PISTON FREEZING
MACHINE and ICE COMPANY, 3156, Oxford-street (near Hare¬
wood-gate.
CAUTION.—Water Filtration.—Before purchasing
filters the public is advised to read "Water, its Impurities and
Purification," price 2d., per post 3d. (to the medical and clerical pro¬
fessions gratis), as the majority of so-called filters are worse than use¬
less. Of the vital importance of pure water see leading article in
The Times of July 31st. The only substance which removes organic
and other poisonous ingredients in water is animal charcoal, with
which this Company's patent cistern and other filters are solely filled.
The Registrar-General, Sir Wm. Jenner, and the elite of the medical
profession have adopted the patent cistern filters, which can only be.
had in London at the LONDON and GENERAL WATER-PURIFY¬
ING COMPANYS depot, 157, Strand, four doors from Somerset¬
house, where the filters can be seen in operation, and full particulars
obtained. These filters can be rented in London the same as gas-meters,
from £1 to £1 10s. per annum. Upwards of 1,000 are now rented.
NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs respectfully to inform her customers and ladies of the
her establishment will in future be CLOSED at 5 o'clock on
SATURDAYS.—92. Regent-street.
NOTICE—GASK and GASK (late Grant and Gask),
Silkmercers, beg to announce that their ESTABLISHMENT
will in future be CLOSED at TWO OCLOCK on SATURDAYS.—
Nos. 58, 59, 60, 61, 52, Oxford-street, 3, 4, and 5, Wells-st., London.
NOTICE.—PATENT NORWEGIAN SELF¬
ACTING PORTABLE COOKING APPARATUS and SIMPLE
REFRIGERATOR.—S. W. SILVER and Co., 66 and 67, Cornhill, and
Nos. 2, 3, and 4, Bishopsgate within, London, are the sole licensees and
manufacturers
NOTICE.—The GLADSTONE BAG, invented and
perfected by FISHER, of the Strand. We are informed that
inferior imitations of this article are offered for sale. Buyers are re¬
quested to notice that the genuine Gladstone Travelling Bag is stamped
in gold, in a garter. Fisher, 188, Strand.
