U.—Nothing will be done in the matter. Do not
return to town
LOST (supposed left in a cab or railway earraage on
theGreat Western Railway), a DRESSING-CASE, with a light
brown leather cover and strap. The cab taken up at St. George's
Hotel, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, a lady, gentl-man, and young lady,
about half-past 4 on Saturday, the 25th, and went to Paddington Sta¬
tion. Any person having found or will give any information of the
same to Mr. Benham, St. George's Hotel, shall be handsonely RE¬
WARDED.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday,
the 24th inst., a TWENTY-POUND BANK of ENGLAND
NOTE, No. 29,672, and dated 21st June, 1860. Payment of which is
stopped at the Bank. The above reward will be paid on its being
brought to Mr. W. Hill, 17, Gracechurch-Street, London.
ONE POUND REWARD.—To Cabmen and others.
—LEFT in a CAB, which was taken from Lombard-street to the
Dover Station for the 3.30 train, a small GREEN LEATHER BAG,
maker—Asprey, New Bond-street, pocket outside, with two gilt buttons.
Any person bringing the same to 65, Lombard-street, shall receive the

TURKISH BONDS.—LOST, or STOLEN, proba¬
bly on the railway between London and Stafford, or Stoke, on
the 19th April last, TURKISH FOUR per CENT. GUARAHTEED
BONDS. Nos. 318 and 319, £1,000 each; Nos. 14,698, 14,699, 17,121,
8,370, £100 each. £100 will be paid for such information as will lead
to their recovery (if not stolen), complete, with coupons attached,
£50 will be paid for such information as will lead to the conviction of
any person who has stolen them. £240 will be paid to anyone lodging
them complete, with the coupons attached, at Messrs. Smith, Payne,
and Smith's, but not in addition to elther of the other two rewards,
and provided that the said bonds were not stolen. If a part only of
the bonds and coupons are recovered, a proportionate part only of the
reward will be paid. Any person retaining the bonds or coupons after
this notice will be prosecuted. Apply to Messrs. Paine and Layton,
No. 47, Gresham-house, Old Broad-street, London, E.C.
FOUND, in Camden-town, a GRAYHOUND.
Apply at 77, Judd-street. Euston-road. If not c almed within
three days it will be SOLD to defray expenses.
TO JEWELLERS, Chainmakers, &c.—STOPPED,
on Monday, 27th inst., a GOLD CHAIN, from a young man,
supposed to be in the employ of a jeweller, he having previously
pledged others. Apply to Mr. Mille, pawnbroker, 103, Edgware-road.
IF this should MEET the EYE of Mrs. M. A.
JEFFERSON, she is requested to COMMUNICATE with her
Brother, Henry Price, 24, Beresford-street, Walworth-road, S.
MONSIEUR S. C. GALITTI, Senior.—The above
GENTLEMAN will confer a great favour by FORWARDING
his ADDRESS to Mr. Ch. Stanford, 8, Argyll-Street, King's-cross.
IF CHARLES ROBSON, of Boston, late of the
Royal Artillery, will immediately WRITE to his brother, he will
HEAR of SOMETHING greatly to his ADVANTAGE
IF Mr. JOHN ODELL or his SISTER, children of
the late John C. O'Dell, a major in the 41st Bengal Native Infantry
(who died in Cork, Ireland, in 1833), will COMMUNICATE with
Messrs. J. H. Dunn and Co., merchants, Dinapore, in Bengal, they will
receive IMFORMATION to their ADVANTAGE.
NEXT of KIN.—To all Sheldon, Weyland, Hudson
Families.—WANTED, the DESCENDANTS of WILLIAM
SHELDON, JOHN WEYLAND, and SUSANNA HUDSON—all
nephews and niece of Richard Sheldon, who died 1790. Apply by letter
only to —Fran is, Esq., 32, Store-street, Bedford-square.
IF Mr. RABY DOES NOT CALL for his THINGS
that he left at the Sussex Hotel, within three days from this
notice, they will be SOAD to defray expenses.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Pebt of the sum of £853 12s. 11d. Conso¬
lidated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names
of Rev. ROBERT GOVETT, SARAH GOVETT, his wife, and
MARTHA CLEMENTINA GOVETT, spinster, all of Staines, Mid¬
dlesex, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in con¬
sequence of the dividends thereon not having been received since
the 5th July, 1850; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration
of three months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred,
and the Dividends thereon paid to Martha Clementins Hailward,
wife of Rev. John Leslie Hallward (formerly the said Marthn Clemen¬
tina Govett, spinster), the surviver, who has laimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—in
pursuance of an order of the Court of Chancery, dated the 3d
August, 1860, and made in the matter of Thomas Hailey, a person of
unsound mind, &c., the Officers of the Bank of England are directed
to re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Na¬
tional Debt, the sum of £150 15s. Consolidated Three per Cent¬
Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of WILLIAM MOUNT,
of Leytonstone, Essex, Esq.; THOMAS HAILEY, of Highover,
Essex, Esq.; and THOMAS NUNN, jun., of Mistley, Essex, Esq., and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of
the Dividends thereon not having been received since the 5th July,
1845; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon Paid, to Gustavus Edward Hilleary, Robert George Augustus
Hilleary, and Mark Eagles Marsden, the persons named in the said
order, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £100 Reduced Three per Cent. An¬
nuities, heretofore standing in the name of JOHN FARLEY, of
Guildford, Surrey, gentleman, deceased, and which was transferred to
the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon not
having been received since the 5th April, 1831; Notice is hereby given,
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to John Hyde,
Hardy Roots, Henry Howard, and James Newman, pursuant to an
order of the County Court of Surrey dated 5th March, 1860, "in the
matter of the Charities of Frances Flutter and John Farley, &c.," un¬
less some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfor from the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt of the sum of £100 Consolidated 3 per Cont.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of REBECCA TOMKINS,
of Pouth-place, Finsbury, spinster deceased; SAMUEL TOMKINS,
of Newington-butts, gentleman, deceased; and BENJAMIN TOM¬
KINS, of St. Olave's, Sonthwark, gentleman, deceased, and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon not having been received since the 5th of July, 1810 ; notice is
hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to
John Hyde, Hardy Roots, Henry Howard, and James Newman, pur¬
suant to an order of the County Court of Surrey, dated 5th March,
1860, "in the matter of the Charities of Frances Flutter and John
Farley, &c.," unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto.
BUSSELL.—TEN POUNDS REWARD will be
paid by me to any person who will give INFORMATION of the
EXISTENCE or TIME of DEATH of GEORGE RUSSELL and
ANNE RUSSELL, who lived at Greenwich, in 1817, with their mother,
Mrs. Susanna Russell, widow and were then minors. They were
named as lives in a lease as the children of George Russell, who was
described, in 1801 as of the city of London, merchant.
JOHN SWANZY, Solicitor, 18, Lower Ormond-quay, Dublin.
TO PRINTSELLERS, Publishers, and Photograph¬
ers.—Caution.—JAMES PLIMPTON, of 42, Frederick-place,
Hampstead-road, London, proprietor of the copyright and engravings
of the English Farm-yard and English Homesteads, by Herring, gives
notice that he shall take LEGAL PROCEEDINGS against any
who may expose for sale photographs of these or any other subjects
belonging to him, and published without his knowledge or consent.
MIDDLESEX.—Music or Dancing Licenses.—
Notice is hereby given, that all persons intending to apply for
LICENSES for MUSIC or DANCING under the statute 25th Geo. II.,
c. 36, who were not licensed at the last Michaelmas Sezsion for this
county (whether or not a license was granted at the last mentioned
Session in respect of the premises sought to be licensed), must, three
weeks at least before Monday, the 8th day of October next, which will
be the commencement of the next Michselmas Quarter Session, cause a
notice, in the undermentioned form, to be affixed upon the outer door
or other conspicuous part of the premises sought to be licensed, and
upon the outer door of the police station or other place of confinement
in the parish in which such premises shall be situate, and must also serve
copies of such notice upon the churchwardens and overseers of the
perish in question three weeks at least before the commencement of
the said Session, and must also give three weeks' notice at least before
the said 8th day of October to me, at the Sessions-house, Clerkenwell.
and to the Clerk of the Petty Sessions of the division wherein the pre¬
mises are situate, of the intended application.
Form of Notice.
"I— of—, do hereby give notice, that I intend to apply, under
the provisions of the statute 25th Geo. II., cap. 36, at the next Michael¬
mas Quarter Session for the county of Middlesex, to be holden at the
Sessions-house, Clerkenwell, on the 11th day of October, 1860, for a
licence for (here insert the particular sort or sorts of public entertain¬
ment for which the licence is required), to be carried on within the
house or premises situate at — or known by the name of — (as
the cace may be), and now in the occupation of me, the subscriber

And notice is also given, that every applicaut for a licence is required
to attend the Court personally, on the said 11th day of October (which
will be the day for granting licences), unless a reason, astisfactory to
the Court, shall be assigned for his absence.
And that every person presenting any petition against the grant or
renewal of any licence must leave with me, at the Sessions-house,
Clerkenwell, 10 clear days before the said 8th day of October, a copy of
such counter petition, for the inspection of the person aplying for such
grant or renewal.
The Court will not, in future, insert in licences to be granted under
the said Act the words "or other public entertainment of the like
kind," but will in all cases specify the particular entertainment which
may be given. Counter petitions must now be lodged with me, at the
Sessions-house, Clerkenwell, 10 clear days before the first day of the
Session instead of five clear days before the day for granting licenoes¬
and the netice to be given to the Clerk of the Peace and to the Clerk of
the Petty Session is now 21 days at least instead of 14.
O. HEATON ELLIS, Clerk of the Peace.
County Offices, 6, John-street, Bedford-row,
25th day of August, 1860.
SATURDAY EARLY CLOSING, to commence on
the 1st of September.—The West-end Committee, having met with
great encouragement in regard to the above beg to remind those who
have joined in this movement that the day fixed by the public meeting
of the 10th July for early closing, is Saturday, 1st September, on which
day it is hoped that all who have given in their names will commence
to close at the hoursagreed upon; and the Commite trust that on that
day many others will join in closing early (who have not yet engaged to
do so), so that the movement may become general in the leading streets

¬
127, Regent-street, W.
WM. LOCKE, Hon. Sec.
SATURDAY EARLY CLOSING.—WILLIS and
SOTHERAN, new and second-hand booksellers, beg to inform
their customers and the public that their west-end and city ESTA¬
BLISHMENTS will, on and after September 1, be CLOSED on Satur¬
days at 5 o'clock p.m.—136, Strand, and 42, Charing-cross, 6 and 10,
Little Tower-street, Eastcheap, city.
NOTICE. —Saturday Early Closing.—MARSHALL
and SNELGROVE respectfully announce, that, until further
notice, their PREMISES will be CLOSED on Saturdays at 4 o'clock.
—Marshall and Snelgrove, 11, 15, 20, and 21, Vere-street, 151, 153, 154,
155, and 156, Oxford-street.
COOKE's ROYAL NATIONAL CIRCUS re¬
turned from France August 21st.—Proprietors, Messrs. WM. H.
COOKE and W. COOKE, jun.—Will visit Canterbury THIS DAY,
Aug. 30th; Herne Bay, 31st; Whitstable, September 1st; Faversham,
3d; Sittinghourne, 4th; Sheerness, 5th; Chatham, 6th; Maldstone, 7th.
BAREY.—Mr. RAREY will give a PRACTICAL
DEMONSTRATION on his SYSTEM of HORSE TAMING (as
exhibited before Her Majesty and the principal crowned heads of
Enrope), in conjunction with Howes and Cushing's United States
Circus, at Blandford, THIS DAY, Aug. 30th; Dorchester, 31st; Wey¬
mouth, Sept. 1st. Morning performance, 2 o'clock; evening perform¬
ance, half-past 7. Admission to Mr. Rarey's exhibition and circus com¬
bined, reserved seats, 5s.; boxes, 2s. ; pit. 1s. This is the last oppor¬
tunity the public will have of witnessing Mr. Rarey's syatem of horse
taming, as he departs for America at the close of this engagement.
—London, Aug. 30, 1860.
LONDON CRYSTAL PALACE, Regent-circus,
Oxford-street.—MUSICAL PROMENADE. Admission free,
This elegant building is open dally, from 10 till 6 o'clock, for the exhibi¬
tion and sale of the most recherche collection of fancy and useful
articles. Omnibuses from all parts of London pass the door.
MIORAMA for SALE or HIRE, or the proprietor
would toin on agreed terms. Adapted for a very effective and
novel musical or other enterfainment, and certain to reallse large
weekly profits. A small capital only required. Address M. M., City
News Room, 66, Cheapside, E.C.
FOR SALE (or a Party Required to Join the
owner), a splendid PAIR of LANTERNS for exhibiting the
Dissolving Views in the provinces. The above can be purchased on
very advantageous terms, and will be found an eligible investment.
Apply to W. B., 231, High Holborn.
TO be LET, the ROYAL (GALLERY of ILLUS¬
TRATION 14, Regent-street, during the tour of Mr. and Mrs.
German Reed and Mr. John Parry. Admirably adapted for entertain¬
ments, lectures, or amateur performances. Apply by letter to J.P.R.,
at the Gallery.
AUNT SALLY, Croouet, Jack's Allve, and every
other kind of out of-door as well as in-door games, to be had in
the greatest variety at LEUCHARS' old-established toy shop, Cheap¬
side, corner of Paternester- row,
AUNT SALLY, the best in London, price 21s.; also
croquet, 21s and all the fashionable games of the season at WIL¬
LIAM CREMER's, 19, Bridge-street, Westminster, where may be
seen an extensive cellection of the newest and best toys and amnoc¬
ments.
