Tr, WIO IeIt CAmbridve on the 7th of April, is
entreated to COMMUNICATE with his lfamily.
ON JOSE FRANCISCO de CABARGA is
WANTED at Obrapia-street, No. 18, Habana, Island of Cuba¬
on, July 21, 186.
NOTICE.—If Mr. JOHN ALLEN CAMPBELL
at No. 47, Hanover-street, Kingston, Jamaica, he
will HEAR of SOMETHING to his BENEFIE.
LOST, a BLACK and TAN SMALL TERRIER
BITCH, with long ears, answers to "Fanny." Whoever will
bring her to Thos. Blake.
ornington-road, Regent's-park,
shall receive ONE SOVEREIGN R S.
LOST, a KEY RING, with two latch and two gate
keys upon it, supposed to be dropped between Waterloo Station.
and Piccadilly. SEVEN SHILLINGS REWARD to whoever will
bring the same to No. 11, Sackville-street, Piccadilly.
LOST.—LEFT in a close CAB, which took a lady
from the Pantechnicon to 13, Half Moon-street, on Wednesday,
the 2d of August, a small PORTABLE CLOCK, in a case. Whoever
will bring the same to 13, Half Moon-Street, Piccadilly, shall be hand¬
somely REWARDED.
LOST. —LEFT in a Hansom CAB, No. 1, which took
a gentleman from Victoria Station
toet e ericadilly
on the evening of the 4th of July, a GREEN LEATHER DRESSING
BAG, with the initials R. S.F
ae saen¬
to 48, Dover-street, shall receive THREE POUNDS REWARD.
LEYS.—LOST, a BUNCH of KEYS, between
Lower Norwood and the city. Any one returning them to 81, Wat¬
ling-street, city (first floor), shall be REWARDED.
10 
ABDRIVE.
SELOST.
short GOLD CHAIN
AERE t,
theshp
oe bugle horn), a brequet
ket.
 en
upposed to have been dropped in a cab conveying a lady from Gloces¬
ter-place
Portman-square, to.
Vinchester-street. Pimlico.
oee

ing
same to 46,
inch.
ter-stet, S.W., shall receive ONE
ERD
POUND REW
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—Lo
ST, on the 29th
uly.
f
in
inomnibus), a BRE
MOROCCO
LEATHER PURSE, with a steel clasp,
bn nt aining a diame.
ring,


ge oblong centre stone, with abod

ones in a double row, and £4 10s. in gold.
byperson bringing the
same to Messrs. e .
 and Son, 124, Regent-street, sha e er
teive
the above reward.
LOTICE to BANKERS, Billbrokers, and oth
7s.
LOS
he 3d inst., a BIL e
CHANGE for £325, dated
July
1865, drawn by Thomas Evitt, accept
ad C. Legh, at three
months after date, payable at Messrs. Gosling and Sharp's, Fleet¬
street. All.
rons are cautioned against negotiating the same.
Further particulars to be had at the 

Argyle-place, R.
gent-street.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday,
the 3d between the Union Bank, Argyle-place, and Regent-street,
a POCKET-BOOK, containing a Letts's No. 23 diary, various memo¬
randa, two bills of exchange, one check, payment of which has been
stopped; also cards and address of the owner. Whoever will bring the
same to the Union Bank, Argyle-place, shall receive the above re¬
ward. No further reward will be offered
METROPOLITAN POLICE-OFFICE.—FOUND
on the 18th ult., in the Walworth-road, a LADY'S GOLD
NECK CHAIN, with two trinkets attached. Application to be made
at the Police Station, Carter-street, Walwortt
CAME ASTRAY, on 30th July, a BLACK BITCH,
betwen a setter and retriever. The owner may have her on
giving a right description and paying expenses within seven days, on
application at the William the Fourth, Upper Park-street, Barnsbury¬
park.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having
en made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one divides
o n s um of
£1,650 C.
olidated
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the
name of SARAH CORDELIA GILL, of Thetford, Norfolk, spinster,
deceased, and which dividen o re¬
over to the
sa¬
for the Reduction of the National Debt
onn
uence of its having
remained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1846;—Notice


the expiration of three months from
ae d a te,eth
said Dividend will be paid to the Reverend Frederick Garner Gill,
Caroline Elizabeth Gill, spinster, and John Withers Dowson, executors
of Garner Gill, who was the surviving executor of Sarah Cordelia Gill,
who have claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner
appear and make out his claim thereto.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 136.—Part of
Oatlands-park, Walton-on-Thames and Weybridge, Surrey.—In the
Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the application of GEORGE JEFFKINS, of Marrowells,
Oatlands-park, in the county of Surrey, Esq., the Registrar of the
the Office of Land Registry intends, at the expiration of three months


tith a n indefeasible TITLE the
HEREDITAMENTS in the parishes of Walton-on-Thames and Wey¬
bridge, in the county of Surrey, part of Catlands-park, and containing
110a. Ir. 37p. or thereabouts, and which said hereditaments are in hand
and are delineated on the map No. 136 deposited in the Office of Land
Registry as part of the description of the same, and thereon edged with
red, together with the mines and minerals under the same heredita¬
ments. If any person objects to or desires to show cause against such
registration, or claims that the same should be subject to any conditions
or reservations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge
or liability, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should
be entered on the register with reference to such hereditaments, such
person (may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lin¬
coln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three
calendar months from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or
counsel, or by afldavit or otherwise, to make such objection or to show
cause against, or to make such claim in respect of such registration.
But any person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the
same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and
address thereto, in the Office of the Land Registry before the expira¬
tion of the said three calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise
he will be excluded from making the same. The said map of the said
hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land Registry may be in¬
spected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the said
three calendar months from the date hereof.—Dated this 5th day of

O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
FRERE, CHOLMELEY, and FORSTER, Solicitors to the
Applicant, 28, Lincoln's-inn-fields.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 168.—
Slated-house Farm, Clapham, West Riding of Yorkshire.—In
the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice
given that on the application of WILLIAM LOXHAM
FARRER, of No. 66, Lincoln's-inn-fields, in the county of Middlesex,
Esq., the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry intends, at the expl
ration of three calendar months from the date hereof to REGISTER
with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS called the
Slated-house Farm, in the parish of Clapham, in the West Riding of
the county of York, containing 132a. 1r. 28p, or thereabouts, in the
tenure or occupation of Mary Wond, widow, and which hereditaments
are delineated on the map, No. 168, deposited by the applicant in the
Office of Land Registry as part of the description of the same, and
therein edged with red, together with the mines and minerals under
the same hereditaments. If any person objects to, or desires to show
cause against such registratior.
the s th t the same should be

nyconditions or reservations, or
tany particular estate
or incumbrance
boarge or liability, not already
proved or admitted
before the Registr a r, sho u.
tie e e
te is ter e e renece
to such e e reditaments, such
aee
doe at the Office of Land
Regist.
No. 34.
neoln's-inn-fields, at any time e
the e e expira¬
tion
the said three calendar months from the date hereof, person¬
ally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affida
o r o herwise

such objection or to show cause an
ast e e s u ch cla im in
respect of such registration. But any person desiring to make such

on o ust
odge the same in writing, stating the parti¬
culars theroof, and w
his name and address thereto en
 Ofice of
Land Registry before the expiratio
of the said three calend
months
fro

wise he will be excluded from making the
same. The said
p of the said hereditaments deposited in the Office
on en
t ay be inspected at the said office


the expiration of the said three c a e


Datedt
5th day of August, 186
O. D. MORDAUN
Chief Cler
FARRER, OUVRY



polie.
OTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNI

hitherto subsisting between us e
thn nerrsigned
Thomas l
and
tre e eeles, carrying on


and
mil
to e  e ts ters, e deaen

cake, coals, and

s, at Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, under the style or firm
of Thomas and Lawrence Wyles, has been this day DIS
LVED 
mutual consent. All debts due from
oet o irm
be paid, andall
deb t s de eo

tie e e e

 office
in Westgate, Grantham. Arrangements will
made as soon as possi¬

te al departments of the business, whie



en
of us separately. Dated the 1st day
NO A 
ust, 1865.
HOS.
Witness—Wm. Smithurst.
I
CE. WYLES.
NATIONAL ASS .
SATINN 
the PREVEN¬
N

TTLE DISEASES.—
ta i  ssociation has been
formed to meet the serious difficulties which have arisen from the im¬
portation of the Russian Cattle Plague, and to advocate the cause of
the sufferers by this disease.
The Provisional Committee earnestly request immediate communi¬
cations from persons anxious to co-operate in averting a great national
calamity, and they especially seek the earliest information of the ap¬
pearance of the disease and of its extent, as it is only by a perfect know¬
ledge of the real progress of the malady that any efficient means can
be made available.
Any information received from persons whose stock may be affected
or otherwise shall be regarded as strictly private and confidential, and
every effort will be made on the part of the Committee to adopt
means whereby the malady may be confined within the narrowest
possible limits.
A subscription of one guinea annually qualifies for membership.
All willing to co-operate in this
ortant undertaking are requested
to address letters and personal inquiries to
GEORGE ARMATAGE, S
retary to the Association.
No. 48, Pall-mall, S.W., 1st August, 1865.
THE RUSSIAN CATTLE PLAGUE.—A public
MEETING will be held on Monday evening, the 7th inst., at 8 p.m.
precisely, at the Marylebone Ins

treet, Portman¬
square, in support of the National Association for the Prevention of
Cattle Diseases.
The Provisional Committee appointed on the 31st ult, will report on
its operations during the past week and on the fresh outbreaks which
have occurred. GEORGE ARMATAGE, Secretary to the National
Association for the Prevention of Cattle Disease.
NOTICE is hereby given, that Mr. CHARLES
JAMES STEVENS, of 40, Holywell-lane, Shoreditch, in the
ny of Middlesex, looking-glass manufacturer, has been AP¬
POINTED by the Board of Guardians of the parish of St. Leonard,
Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, and been duly confirmed by
the Registrar General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages, to be REGIS¬
TRAR of BIRTHS and DEATHS for the district-of Holywell, in this
my district of Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, in the room of
James Alabaster, resigned.
sese y and, this 2d day of August,
65.
THOS. WARE, Superintendent Registrar.
ROYAL BLACKHEATH GOLF CLUB.—The
Photograph Medal will be played for on Saturday, the 12th inst.,
at 1 o'clock precisely.
Club-house, 4th August, 1865. PHOS. CROSSE, Hon. Sec.
CAUTION.—Messrs. .
LDEMAR LUND and
Co.
tae e c auatioin hosiers, re.
ta, jewellers, warehousemen, and
others against unprincipled persons who are infringing th e  in¬
facture of their
PATENT AUREBURNEAN
STUD S S.
aee
te ie et e e e
and o
are offering¬


good
mad e an d se e t e
I. Lund and Co. are fastened on their
cards, with the words "By Her Majesty
Royal Letters Patent—
Waldemar Lund and Co., Aureburnean Manufacturers, warranted
14.
at a ld lithog
eesa
te a rticles are

the words "W. tund and
oe s eaPtern
All.
ae etese dete e e e e in
making or selling or causing to be made or sold goods
thet e he
princin.

ae  a
Co.'s patent will be proceeded against
according to ay.
CHOCOLA
AMENIER.—
ENIER's FRENCH
CHOCOLATE.—


gal proceedings
will be taken under the Merchandise Marks Act. 1
25 and 26 Vic.
cap. 8
agains
yperson or persons frane
te e em  aking use of the

tie e cover, together
with colour of wrapper, form of cakes, &c., arrangement of label,
or otherwise, with the inte n ed
tein i n n nit
public by

spurious and inferior articles to be sold for the genuine Chocolat
F. TREO E.
Solicitor, 4, Essex-court, Temple,
Menier.
NOTICE.—BURROW's (MALVERN) GLASSES.
—For the future the eyepieces of Burrow's first class binoculars
will be embossed "W. and J. Burrow, Malvern." Proceedings will be
taken against imitators of this trade mark.—Mr. Arnold, 72, Baker¬
street. W., and Messrs. Wales and McCulloch, No. 56, Cheapside, and
No. 22, Ludgate-hill, are the sole retail London agents for these glasses
Malvern, May, 1865.
W. and J. BURROW.
ST. MARGARET and ST. JOHN the EVANGE¬
LIST (Great Smith-Street, Westminster) BATHS and WASH¬
HOUSES.—The swimming bath of this establishment is now OPEN
every Tuesday, between the hours of 6 a.m. and 2 p.m., for the use of
ladies. Admission 6d. Use of bathing dress 2d.
SWIMMING TAUGHT, in six or eight lessons, no
matter what age or how nervous of water Completion guaran¬
teed for one guinea, by Professor BECKWITH, so many years the
champion swimmer of England. Lessons any hour of the day at the
Lambeth Baths. Schools attended within 50 miles of London, and
highest of testimonials from the head schools of London.
MR. STRATHEARN will be in attendance Wed¬
nesday, Thursday, and Friday only, during August.—22, Prince's¬
street, Hanover-square.
THE MAGIC DONKEYS.—Roars of Laughter.—
These wonderful animals go through their extraordinary evolu¬
tions daily, at 252, Strand, from 10 till 6. The pair sent post free for
14 stamps. The M
and Judy and the Dog Toby, poset e
for 20 stamps.—H. G. CLARKE and Co., 252, Strand, W.C.
CHAPPUIS' DAYLIGHT REFLECTORS (Patent
Silvered and Metal), for lighting photographic rooms, and every
description of premises. Manufacturer,  P.
Chappuis, reflector
patentee and photographer, 69, Fleet-street, N.B. Silvering done for
the trade.
