MAGUE.—If G. W. G. will only let his friends
know that he is well, no one will interfere with him.
S. J.—Things will be made right. Wait, but
R.
WRITE.—F. R.
o Z.—If you have not forgotten your promise,
A.
perform it.—A.
AM.M.—WRITE as soonas possible to my brother's,
and explain what you wish me to do. All will be right. Ad¬
dress my name in full.—Kennington.
—Your Telegram was duly forwarded, and for¬
tunately in time to — s:—a (0 i. ,
I shall return to England about the middle of June. —Pollaky.
INCOME-TAX (Schedule D).—All persons or firms
aggrieved by the present mode of assessing this tax and the treat
ment to which appellants are subjected, will please to COMMUNL
CATE with E. Breffit, Aire and Calder Glass Bottle Company, Castle¬
ford, Normanton, or 83, Upper Thames-street, London.
NOTICE. —ELIZABETH CUST, one of the
nursing sisters from the establishment in the city, who in th
year 1855 accompanied in December a lady as maid to Constantinople,
and on the termination of the Crimcan war remained in Turkey
Superintendent of the Naval Hospital, at Pera, where she married, i
requested by the lady she then served to send her present ADDRESt
to the care of W., Thomas Scripps', news agent, South Molton-street.
LOST, on Saturday last, at Her Majesty's Theatre,
GOLD LOCKET, with small brillants and a picce of gray ha
inside. If found and brought to 180, Regent-street, a REWARD will
be given.
LOST, on Saturday night, between Bedford-place,
Russell-square, and Belsize-park, a small RING, with three other
attached, a locket containing a likeness and hair, and other triffes of

toe er who, though she can ill afford it, wil
give ONE POUND REWARD for their return. Apply to Spyer and
Son, 8, Broad-street-buildings, E.C.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on Thursday
 at the Haymarket entrance to Her Majesty's Theatre,
GOLD SERPENT BRACELET, with turquoise and diamond head
Any person having found the same shall receive the above reward or
taking it to Mr. Mitchell's library, Bond-street.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday,
the 7th of May, on Stanmore-common, a small BLACK and TAN
TERRIER DOG, with white on chest and on the toes of left fore foot
very thin tail, ears uncut; answers to the name of "Romp." Whoever
will take it to Messrs. Everett, 51, Fetter-lane ; or restore it to the
owner, John Cooke, Esq., Bushey-heath, Herts, shall receive the abover
reward. No further reward will be offered.
STRAYED, a WHITE TERRIER BITCH. If no
claimed within seven days from this date, it will be disposed of in
aid of the sexpenses.—The Durbam Arms, Harleyford-road, Ken
nington.
FOUND, in Mr. Holman Hunt's Exhibition, a
BANK NOTE. The loser may have it by describing it and paying
expenses. Address New Gallery, 16, Hanover-street, Regent-street.
FOUND, a PURSE, containing money, on the 4th
May. The owner can have it by paying for this advertissement and
giving a description of the contents. Apply at 22, Glengall-grove, Ol
Kent-road.
DOG FOUND, on Tuesday night last, in Berkeley
square—a light coloured Skye Terrier Dog. To be heard of at
No. 4, Little Grosvenor-mews.
PARROT CAUGHT. The owner may have i
on giving a proper description and paying for this advertise
ta Apply, by letter, to W. L., Westminster Club, Albemarle-st, W.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c.—An
Index to all persons advertised for between 1749 and 1865, 2s.
post free 25 stamps.—HERBERT FRERES, 2, Marlborough-terraco
Bridge-road, Battersea. Bank of England Unclaimed Dividends,
Treasury, Chancery, and all Foreign Stocks and Records Searched.
NORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT
DISTRICT.—Parish of St. Mary, Islington.—I the under
signed J. H. Mitchiner, auditor of the abovenamed district, do hereb
give notice, that I have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of
the parish of ST. MARY, ISLINGTON, for the half-year ended the 25th
day of March, 1865, to commence on Tuesday, the 30th day of May
inst., at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Workhouse, Liverpool-road,
Islington, when and where all persons who by law are bound t
account at such audit are required to attend, and to submit all books,
documents, bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the account.
or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the poor¬
Dated the 15th day of May,
J. H. MITCHINER, District Auditor.
JOP TRADE.—SEVENTY POUNDS REWARD.
—Whereas several persons and firms have been selling inferior
English hops as a superior description of East Kent hops, and inferion
foreign hops as a superior description of Bavarian hops, and whereas
the said persons and firms have unlawfully and fraudulently applied,
or caused to be applied, to the wrappers of the said hops trade mark
which they knew to be forged and counterfeited trade marks, or
false description of the place where the said hops have been produced,
notice is hereby given, that a reward of £50 will be paid to any person
giving such INFORMATION as shall lead to a conviction, under the
sections of the Merchandise Marks Act of 1862, which declares it to be
a misdemeanour to forge a trade mark, or falsely to apply a trade
mark, whether genuine or forged, to an inferior article, or falsely to
apply a trade mark, whether genuine or forged, to any case, wrapper
&c., in which an inferior article is intended to be sold, punishable by
the criminal courts, on indictment, with fine and imprisonment; and
notice is hereby also given, that a reward of £20 will be paid to any
person giving such information as shall lead to a conviction under the
sections of the aforsaid statute, which empower Justices of the Peace
to impose a penalty equal to the value of the article, and £5 in addi¬
tion, upon any person who shall sell, utter, or expose for sale, or for
any purpose of trade, any article with a forged trade mark, or with
genuine trade mark used falsely and wrongfully, or with such forged
and false trade marks on the wrappers covering the same, &c., which
empower the said Justices to impose a penalty of £5 upon any person
who shall sell, utter, or expose any article upon which, to his know
ledge, has been put a false description of the place where it has beer
produced. Apply to Mr. Anthony Carr, solicitor, 25, Rood-lane, Lon¬
don, E.C.
FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.—JOHN WARD,
invalid chairmaker, &c., begs to inform the nobility and gen¬
that his premises being destroyed by the above disaster, his BUST
NESS is CARRIED ON at his private residence, 12, Leicester-place,
where all orders will be punctually attended to until his late premises
are rebuilt.—March 1, 1865.
AUDGATE-HILL RE-NUMBERED.—50 is the
number assigned by the ce   ie
ners of Sewers to the ware
house of Messrs. SAMUEL, BROTHERS, merchant tailors, Ludgate¬
hill tone door from the Old Bailey).
REMOVAL.—Messrs. DARTON and HODGE,
publishers, beg to announce that their premises on Holborn-hill,
which they have held for 80 years, are immediately required for the
Holborn-valley improvement, and having been umable to procure suitable
premises in the neighbourhood, have taken No. 175, Strand (situate
between Norfolk and Surrey streets), where they will temporarily re¬
move their wholesale, retail, and export publishing business, as soon
the necessary alterations can be effected.—58, Holborn-hill, E.C.
NOTICE.—THOMAS TAPLING, BEALL, and
Co. (formerly Thomas Tapling and Co.), carpet warehousemen
&c., have REMOVED from 44a, Gresham-street and 74, Alderman¬
bury, to their restored premises, 1 to 8, Gresham-street west, cit
OTICE of
AREMOVAL.—In consequence ae,
large increase in the business of the paper, the proprietors of the
COURT CIROULAR beg to announce that the PUBLISHING and
ADVERTISEMENT DEPARTMENTS have been REMOVED to
more convenient and commodious offices, at No. 23, Tavistock-street
Covent-garden.
NOTICE.—By order of the Metropolitan Board of
Works, confirmed by the Commissioners of Sewers of the city, the
houses on Ludgate-hill have been re-numbered as from the 12th ultimo.,
and the house of ALFRED B. PEARCE, china and glass manufac¬
turer, is now No. 39, instead of 23.
JOHN WOODALL and SON beg respectfully to
inform their patrons and the public there is no foundation for the
rumour that "in consequence of their present premises being about to
be pulled down they are leaving Orchard-street ;" they hope, in the
course of the present antumn, to occupy much larger and more conveni¬
ent buildings(within a few feet of the factory in which they have carried
on their business for about 80 years), and trust to be honoured with even
a larger amount of patronage than has been so liberally accorded to
them.—Coach and harness manufactory, Orchard-street, Portman-sq.
MYDROPULT.—Caution. — Devices in imitation of
the HYDROPULT are often placed "on sale" at many iron¬
mongery and seed establishments throughout the city and provinces,
and are calculated in appearance to decelve tht unsuspecting The
proprietor therefore issues this caution, and respectfully intimates that
parties wishing to purchase the hydropult should examie the machine
offered for sale, and see if it has attached thereto a label, with the fol.
lowing words:—"The Hydropult, Vose's Patent, manufactured only
by Grifliths and Browett, Birmingham. Charles Pomeroy Button,
proprietor, 142 and 143, Cheapside, London." Unless this label is
attached the machine is not the bydropult. Hydropults weigh but 81b.,
and will throw seven or eight gallons of water per minute a distance of
50 feet when worked by the power of one man. Hydropults will draw
water horizontally, if necessary, through 300 feet of suction hose, and
force it through delivery hose to an altitude of 100 feet. Hydropults
have been ordered by the War Department as fire engines. Robert
Hogg, LL.D. and F.L.S., Shirley Hibberd, Esq., F.R.H.S., Thomas
Rivers, Esq., and other well-known gentlemen recommend the hydro¬
pult as an invaluable garden implement. Hydropults have been
recommended by the Field, Gardeners' Chronicle, Journal of Horti¬
culture, Gardeners' Magazine, Daily Telegraph, Liverpool Daily Post,
Commercial Daily List, Birmingham Journal, Mechanics' Magazine
City Press. Insurance Gazette, and other first-class journals. An illus¬
trated prospectus, with testimonials, free on application to CHARLES
POMEROY BUTTON, 142 and 143, Cheapside, E.C.
FOR SALE, a splendid PAINTING, by A. Carracci.
suitable for altarpiece or gallery. On view at Messrs Graves',

TO NOBLEMEN and others.—For SALE, a large
collection of valuable old PAINTINGS. To be seen every day
this week, after 4 o'clock, at 5, Caroline-cottages, St. Anne's-road, North

THIRTY-THREE charming COLOURED
SCRAPS (Second Series), printed in oil colours, something in the
style of Baxter's celebrated pictures, are now sent post free for 2s. 10d.
in stamps. The subjects are as follows: The Bashful Maiden, the
Evening Walk, Soldier's Return, the Stroll in Park, the Bire.
Nest,
Return from
Du o ooon.
g from the Fair, the Performing Monkey,
Good Doggie Con.
Sment, the Dancing Bear, the Cotter's Saturda.
Night,
Altogether formn in e,
d
ser
oks

tic. Address JOHN JERRARD.
No. 172, Fleet-street, Lon.
BE e e .C., where th e sets are open to in
spectio.
BRONZES.—A select variety of productions, po
sessing great merit, at prices much below those generally asked
also an assortment of Timepicces, suitable for the dining room and
library, together with appropriate Candlesticks and Candelabra.
ALFRED B. PEARCE, 39 (late 23), Ludgate-hill. Established 1760.
SOHO BAZAAR.—WEDDING, Birthday, anc
other PRESENTS in extensive variety also the most useful and
refined objects of taste, at fixed prices. Families in town for the day
can make all their purchases under one roof saving much time.
WEDDING and EVENING PARTIES.—JOHN
EDGINGTON and Co.'s TEMPORARY ROOMS, floored
lighted, and elegantly decorated. Tanned netting for fruit trees, at 10
persquare yard. Be particular to address John Edgington and Co.
No. 48, Long-lane, Smithfield, E.C., and 18, Piccadilly, W. Manufac,
tory, 108, Old Kent-road, S.E.
FETES, Dinners, Wedding Breakfasts, Evenin
Parties, &c.—BENJAMIN EDGINGTON tent maker to Her
Majesty, SUPPLIES MARQUEES and TEMPORARY ROOMS or
HIRE, of any dimensions, lined, boarded, lighted, and decorated
Flags of all nations for sale or hire, rick cloths, new and second-hand,
netting for fruit trees, &c. Address Benjamin Edgington (only),
No. 2, Duke-street, London-bridge, S.E. No other establishment.
THE MAGIC DONKEYS.—Roars of Laughter.—
These wonderful animals go through their extraordinary evoln¬
tions daily, at 252, Strand, from 10 till 6. The pair sent post free for
14 stamps. The Magic Sailor and the bonnie Fish Wife, post free for
14 stamps.—H. G. CLARKE and Co., 252, Strand.
THE T
LE MODELLER:—How to
Make a.
le arn,
4 8 co e.
trnavings, post fre r es

a Model Village, seven stamps; Model Racecourse, seven stamps: a
tiring.
ce et.
 samps; Shakespeares  e.


—H. G.

LARKE and Co., 252. Stran ne.
Temple-bar.
PHRENOLOGY.—Dr. DONOVAN, the most expe¬
rienced practitioner in this country may be CONSULTED daily
The mental and bedily organizations of children have been his constant
study.—London School of Phrenology, 111, Strand, nearly opposit
ess
MONSIEUR ADOLPHE DIDIER, professor of
medical mesmerism and galvanism, ATTENDS PATIENTS
daily from 2 till 4, at his residence, 15, Russell-place, Fitzroy-square,
Somnambulic consultations for diseases—their causes and remedies
Lessons in the art of magnetising. Select lectures
MISS JOB, mesmerist, 57, Great Portland-street,
W. Crooked children made straight without instruments,
affections of the brain from over study, contractions of the limbs, weak
knees cured. It is also useful as an assistant in fevers, smallpox, and
dropsy.
MONOGRAM, Crest, and Address DIES CUT at
half-price, and remain the property of the customer. No charge
made for plain stamping. Coloured stamping reduted to 1s. per 100.
Writing papers and envelopes of the best qualities direct from the mills,

remises, and sold to the public at
the lowest possible prices.—PARKINS and GOTTO, manufacturing
stationers, 24, 25, 27, and 28, Oxford-street.
