DOVER CASTLE.—Arrived, and all's well.
IDA.—What address will find you? Have waited in
vain for another letter. Are you still at the seaside? I can now


THE LADY and GENTLEMAN, who left Lime¬
street Station by the 11 a.m. train for London, on the 12th inst.,


ADDRESS, being desirous to thank them, and anxious for any infor¬
mation they can give. Address 2 750, care of Henry Greenwood, Ad¬
vertising Agent, Liverpool.
WITNESSES and WRITER WANTED of the
WILL of the late TIMOTHY TYRELL, Esq., of Guildhall

first months of 1862. Address X., Messrs. Forbes and Co.'s, 25, Cock¬

TEN POUNDS REWARD.—ADVERTISEMENTS
for the NEXT of KIN of the late ANTHONY SMITH, Esq.,
appeared in English and Welsh newspapers between the years 1800


reward. South Wales papers, please copy. Address Mrs. P., Mre.
Humphries', 23, Eaton-terrace, Eaton-square, S.W.
BONAR.—An HISTORICAL ACCOUNT of the
FAMILY of BONAR in SCOTLAND, and those of their
Descendants who have emigrated to other Lands (especially between
650 and 1750), is preparing. Persons of the name, and others able to
furnish any information about them will please communicate with

Edinburgh.
THE Secretary of the LONDON FEVER HOSPI¬

TWENTY-FIVE GUINEAS from A.
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand, W. C.
President, Lord OVERSTONE.—The Governors thankfully
ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of £10 10s. from Messrs. Glyn,
¬
CHELSEA HOSPITAL for WOMEN, King's-road,


ful Patient; and £2 from A Friend, in aid of the New Hospital
Building Fund.—J. S. WOOD, Secretary.
OREADNOUGHT.—SEAMENS HOSPITAL,
Greenwich, S.E.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLELGE

to enable them to defray the current expenses of the present year:—
Lady Goldsmid, £10 10s.—HENRY C. BURDETT, Secretary.
NORTH-EASTERN HOSPITAL for CHILDREN.
Hackney-road, E.—The Committee beg to ACKNOWLEDGE,
with their best thanks, the RECEPT of the following DONATIONS
to the Building Fund (on bebalf of which a special appeal was
made at a public meeting held at the Mansion-house on the 12th
inst.):—F. A. Bevan, Esq., £25; Messrs. Gl.n, Mills, Currie, and Co.,
£25.—ALFRED NIXON, Secretary. City office, 27, Clement's-¬
WHOEVER has Mr. ARTHUR GREYS
BROWN LEATHER GLADSTONE BAG in charge, is re¬
quested to COMMUNICATE at once with Colonel Grey, 3, Warwick¬

FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on March
15th. SIX £5 BANK of ENGLAND NOTES, in Barbican
Horse Repository or vicinity. The numbers known and stopped at the
Bank. The above reward will be paid to any one taking them to C.
Hayward, 30, St. John's-street, Clerkenwell.
LOST, from 34, Courtfield-gardens, on the 11th inst.;

will take the same to above address shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Wednesday afternoon, 13th inst., from 7,
Dorset-square. N.W., a BLUE SKYE TERRIER, answering to
the name of Rough.t Whoever takes the same to above address shall
be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, on Friday afternoon, 15th inst., in Kensington¬
gardens,a SMALL BLACK and TAN TERRIER, ears cut.
on blue and white check flannel coat, lined red. A liberal
REWARD will be paid for his return to 3, Porchester-gate, Hyde¬
FOUND, BANK of ENGLAND NOTES, in West¬
end. Owner can have them by paying expenses and identifi¬
cation. Address B. Phipps, 15, Park-terrace, Park-road, N.W.
IN the CHILF COURT of the PUNJAB at Lahore.
Lizzie Ca decourt Petitioner Appellant Versus George C. Calde¬
court Respondt. Appeal from the order of the Commr. and Superm¬
tendent Umballa Division dated the sixth day of October 1817. To
George C. Caldecourt, late of Simla Responuent. Take notice that
an APPEAL from the decree of the Commissioner and Superin¬
tendent Umbalia Division in this case has been presented by LIZZIE
CALDECOURT, petitioner and registered in this Corst, and that the
Twenty-fil th day of July 1878 has been fixed by this Court for the
hearing of this appeal.
If no appearance is made on your behalf by yourself, your pleader
or by some one by law authorized to act for you in this Appeal, it will
be heard and decided ex-parte in your absence.
Given under my hand and the seal of the Chief Court of the Punjab
this thirteenth day of February 1878 at Labore.

S. CLIFFORD Deputy Registrar.
RECORDS in CIVIL CASES before the SUPREME
COURT of the Colony of the CAPE of GOOD HOPE. Between
Mary Fletcher Kohler (born Hutchinson) plaintiff and Wiliam
Komer defendant. Colony of the Cape of Goou Hope Cape Town to
wit. Be it remembered that WILLIAM KOHLER the defendant in
the above named suit has been SUMMONED to answer his wife
Mary Fletcher Kohler (born Hutchinson) the gaintiff in the said suit
n an action for restitution of conjugal rights and plaintiff prays that
the said defenuant be ordered to return to and live and cohabit with
her as her lawful husband. And be it further remembered that
thereafter that is to say on Tuesday the 12th day of the month of
February 1878 at Cape Town before Sir John Henry de Villiers Knight
chief justice of the colony of the Cape of Good Hope and the Honor¬
able James Coleman Fitzpatrick esquire puisne judge of the Supreme
Court of the said colony come the said plaintiff her counsel and
attorney and the suid defendant although duly summoned and fore¬
warned comes not but makes default and thereupon having heard
counsel for the plaintiff and the evidence adduced the Court grants
judgment for plaintiff as prayed or restitution of conjugal righis de¬
fendant to return to his said wife on or before the first day of next
August term (1st August 1878).
This decree to be served on Defendant in the same manner in which
the citation was served.

J. C. B. SERRURIER Registrar.
C. H. van ZYL Plaintifi's Attorney De Lettre Chambers
Church Square Lapp Town.
THE ARTIZANS and LABOURERS' DWELLINGS
ACT, 1855.—The CITY of LONDON (GOLDEN-LANE and
ETTICOAT-SQUARE, &c.) IMPROVEMENT PROVISIONAL
ORDER CONFIRMATION ACT, 1877.—ARBITRATORS
AWARD.—In pursuance of the Artizans and Labourers' Dwellings
Improvement Act, 1875, and the City of London (holden-lane and
Petticoat-square, &c.) Improvement Provisional Order Confirmation
Act, 1877, 1, the undersigned, the Arbitrator appointed by the Right
Honourable Richard Assheton Cross, one of Her Majesty's Principal
Secretaries of State, to assess the compensation to be paid under the
said Acts, do hereby give notice that i have made my Provisional
Award, and that a copy thereof has been deposited with the Com¬
missioners of Sewers of the City of London, being the local authority
under the said Act at their offices in Guiluhall, City of London.
And I further give notice that I have appointed Thursday, the 25th
day of Aptil next, at 10.30 a.m., to hear objections, if any, to such
award, at the Guildhall, City of London, E.C.
HENRY A. HUNT.
Dated this 28th day of February, 1878.
Persons proposing to appeal are requested to give notice to me, and
to forward a statement of their objections in writing to my office, at
No. 49. Parhament-street, Westminster, on or before Wednesday, the
10th day of April next.
MANAWATU LAND ORDERS.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the 30th day November, 1877, an Act was passed
by the General Assembly of New Zesland, intituled an Act to provide
for the satisfaction of certain Land Orders issued by the New Zealand
Company, and theretofore exercisec in the Manawatu or Horowhenua
districts, within the aforesaid Company's settlement at Wellington.
The attention of every person claiming under any such Land Orders
as aforesaid is drawn to the provisions of the said Act next follow¬
ing, that is to say:—
Every person claiming land within the Provincial District of Well
ington under any Land Order originally issued by the New Zealand
Company, and which has been exercised in the Manawatu or Horow
henua Districts, must, within 12 months from the 30th November, 1877,
he be a resident in the Colony, and within two years from such date
if he be resident elsewnere, give notice in writing, by himself or his
agent to the Commissioner appointed for the District of Wellington
under the Ordinance of the Legisiative Council of the Islands of New
Zealand, Session 11, No. 15, for the hearing and decision of his claim
under the provisions of the said Act, and at the time of making his
application for the satisfaction of his claim must lodge with the Com¬
missioner the origmal land order under which he claims to be entitled
to select any section of land, unless such land order shall previously
have been lodged with the Commissioner no claim can be heard and
determined until such original land order is lodged, or proof of the
eerseseme
The Commissioner will report to the Governer the name of the per¬
son found to be entitled to land under any particular land order; the
particular number thereof, the fact of such land order having been
lodged with him, or of his having received satisfactory proof of the
loss thereof, and the amount in value stated in such land order, such
report is to be considered and sapproved by the Governor in Council,
and forthwith published in the New Zealand Gazette, with the date
of the approval attached thereto.
Notification of the Governor's approval is a sufficient warrant to the
Commissioner to issue to the persons named in such approved report
as being entitied to land, scrip for the amount of money ongmaily
paid for the land order under which any such persons have been found
to be entitled, together with compensation to the amount of £1 for
every £1 sterling represented by such land order added thereto ; so
that every person found entitled shall receive £2 in value for every
20s. in value to which he shall have been found entitled, except in
cases of lost land orders, in which case proceedings must be taken
under the Lost Land Orders Act, 1861.
No scrip can be delivered by the Commissioner until the land order
in satisfuction of which such scrip is issued has been cancelled by
him.
Upon the receipt of scrip all the right, title, interest, claim, and de¬
mand of the person to whom the same is issued, and of all other per¬
sons whatsoever, to the land in respect of which scrip shall have been
issued is extinguished; and the issue of such scrip is, both at law and
in equity, a full and complete performance by the Crown, on behalf of
the New Zealand Company, of the contract or obligation of the Com¬
pany in respect of which such scrip shall have been issued.
All scrip to be issued under the autnority of the said Act is trans¬
ferable and is receivable as cash by the Receiver of Land Revenue, in or
towards the purchase of waste lands of the Crown in any part of the
provincial district of Wellington, but not elsewhere, and mast be exer¬
cised within five years from the date of its issue ; claims for the exer¬
cise of scrip not made within such period of five years are barred.
The Commissioner cannot entertain or investigate any claims in
which the claimant shall not have notified his intention to have his
claim heard and decided under the provisions of the said Act within
the time limited for making such application. All claimants failing
to avail themselves of the provisions of the said Act are barred, and
their claim extinguished by reason of such default.
Claimants not resident within the Colony of New Zealand should
forthwith appoint a duly authorized agent to do and perform what¬
ever may be requisite to obtain the benefit of the said Act.—Dated
at Wellington this 4th day of January, 1878.
(Signed) DAVID LEWIS, a Commissoner for the purposes
of the above referred to Act.
TIOM SMITH, of the Grove Tavern, The Grove,
Hammersmith, Licensed Victualler, hereby acknowledge that
bottles bearing the labels of Messrs. Kinahan and Co.'s LL whisky,
but filled with whisky other than such LL whisky, have been sold to
my customers by persons in my employ, whereby 1 have become liable
to certain penaities. I hereby APOLOGIZE to Messrs. Kinaban and
Co. for such misuse of their labels, and request them to forego pro¬
ceedings at law against me in respect thereof; and I authorize them
to publish this apology at my expense as they think fit, hereby under¬
taking to pay their legal and other charges.—Dated this 16th day of
February, 1878.
TOM SMITH.
TO Messrs. ALEXANDER GRAHAM BELL and
WILLIAM HENRY REYNOLDS.—I hereby admit that I have
sold, and APOLOGISE for selling, during the past three weeks,
spurious Telephones, infringing your Letters Patent. I hereby express
my gratitude to you for consenting to stop the proceedings which you
have caused to be instituted against me. I hereby undertake not to
sell henceforth any telephones, or parts of telephones, except such as
are provided by you or your authorised agents. I consent to this
apology and undestaking being advertised by you at my expense
during the next month, and longer if you think necessary. —Dated this
4th March, 1878. JOHN BEESLEY, 7, Gracechurch-Street, E.C.
Witness— Wallis Nash, Solicitor, 12. Queen-street, E.C.
CORPORATION of BIRMINGHAM.—Gas Depart¬
ment.—The Corporation of Birmingham propose to hold, in the
month of June next, in the Town-hall of Birmingham, an EXHIBI¬
TION of GAS-COOKING STOVES, Apparatus for Heating Houses,
Baths, Conservatories, &c., by Gas, and other apparatus in which gas
is used for domest c purposes.
Manufacturers willing to exhibit such apparatus are invited to com¬
municatr with Mr. Henry Parry, the Secretary of the Department,
giving particulars of the articles which they manufacture. Letters to

PROPOSED VOLUNTEER FORCE for ACTIVE
SERVICE.—The objects of the scheme are:—To train from
450,000 to 600,000 men annually, to secure efficiency without inter¬
fering with a man's civil duties, to obtain a small grant to cover ex¬
penses and compensats men for their time (but this will cause no per¬
ceptible increase of taxes), and to place at once 100,000 trained men

Gentlemen desiring further particulars are requested to write to the



seet
saeseecea—

man, Solicitors to the Patentees, 20, Southampton-street, Bloomsbury¬

