VER THE SAME.

MR. HARGRAVE JOHN SMITH.—WRITE to
ALF at once. The sun shines.
M. W. gratefully ACKNOWLEDGES the £5
NOTE, No. H–E 31936, 1st Nov., 1865.
W. B.—It will be to your interest to WRITE to
your friend J. B., of P., at once. Confidential.—J. B. X.,
post-office, Birmingham.
WELLWISHER. Thank you for the hint.
Thank you for being a wellwisher. Thank you for all your
H
— January 6, 1866.
—I have SEEN the DEED, which is all complete,
only awaiting your signature. Do not delay longer and damage
your future. Write at once to P. Everything is adjusted.
WOOLLEY.—If this should MEET the EYE
of R. D., he is requested to COMMUNICATE with his
brothers, hewever forlorn or destitute he may be.
FRANCES KERR has RECEIVED the LETTER
of W. S.L., and replied to it, but the letter was returned to her
by the postmaster in Vere-street, as the name of the person addressed
was only in initials. Frances Kerr will thank W. S. L. to write to her
at post-office, Torquay.
MR. JOHN GILL, native of Woolwich.—Any IN¬
FORMATION respecting the above named (who left for
Australia in 1838), will be thankfully RECEIVED by his daughter,
Sarah Gill. Address No. 15, Canal-Street, Albany-road, Camberwell.
Surrcy.
MARTHA PINK, deceased.—INFORMATION is
t respecting RICHARD PINK, ELIZABETH
PINK, JANE PINK, and SOPHIA PINK, formerly resident in the
Edgware-road, London. Something to their advantage may be
heard by addressing a letter, giving information as to their present
residence, to Messrs. Johnson and Raper, of Chichester, solicitors.—

THE SECRETARY of the LONDON FEVER
HOSPITAL very gratefully ACKNOWLEDGES the RECEIPT
(through the Treasurer) of £10 from T. M.
FRIENDLESS and FALLEN. — LONDON
FEMALE PREVENTIVE and REFORMATORY INSTITU¬
TION.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the following
in aid of the support of the Homes during 1866:—R. G., £5; M., C.,
£1 1s.
E. W. THOMAS, Sec., 200, Euston-road, N.W.
MR. E. H. CHANDLER, Hon. Secretary to the
NATIONAL HOSPITAL for the PARALYSED and EPI¬
LEPTIC, Queen's-square.
ury, gratefully ACKNOWLEDGES
the RECEIPT of HALVES of BANK NOTES, amounting to £59,
from M. Mr. Chandler regrets that he possesses no other channel for
thanking the beneficent donor for his timely aid to the Charity,—
No. 43, Albany-street, Regent's-park, Jan. 6, 1866.
RAFFAELE CECOLI professor of painting.—The
Ladvertiser would feel obliged by any INFORMATION as to whe¬
ther the above gentleman still lives or is deceased. Address A.
Zevelechi, 31, George-street, Manchester.
DR. KERVINSON, or the present proprietor of a
marble statue of Innecence with a serpent, carved about 1830, by
Bienaimé of Rome, would greatly oblige by forwarding his AD¬
DRESS to Mr. Weale, 53, rue S. George, Bruges, Belgium.
LOST, on Thursday, the 4th inst., by a servant, a
TEN-POUND NOTE, with the name of Lord Garvagh written
on the back. Whoever will take the same to the Steward of the Army
and Navy Club, Pall-mall, shall receive THREE POUNDS RE¬
WARD.
LOST, a small DRAWING of the MADONNA,
in sepia, supposed to have been dropped in the neighbourhood of
Fleet-street or Paternoster-row. Whoever has found the same and
will forward it to Messrs. Barnard's, artist colour warehouse, 339,
Oxford-street, shall be REWARDED
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday
last, from the Great Northern Railway Station, King's-cross, a
BLACK, middle-size, ENGLISH RETRIEVER DOG: answers to
the name of "Spring." The above reward will be paid to any person
who restores the said dog to Mr. R. Williams, King's-cross Station.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 23d
December last, in the neighbourhood of Hounslow, a small
WHITE POMERANIAN BITCH, with lig
patches on the back
and ears en¬
th th n e of 
"Whoever will bring the
same to Crawford-villa, London-road, Isleworth, shall receive the

TWO POUNDS REWARD. — LOST, on the 5th inst.,
between Regent's-cir.
a  Berners-street, Oxford-street, a
DARK GREEN LEATHER PURSE, containing a little money, four
rings, 1s. 6d. worth of stamps, and one almanack for 1866. Whoever
will bring the same to Collier's library, 56, Paddington-street, Maryle¬
bone, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on the night of
Thursday, the 4th inst., probably in a cab. between Devonshire¬
place and Weymouth-Street, a GOLD CLOSED LOCKET, with the
photograph of a gentleman on one side, and a lock of hair on the other.
Whoever will send the same to Mr. Arthur, baker, 67, Charlotte¬
street, Portland-place, shall receive the above reward.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank
of England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for
the Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £51 11s. 10d. New
Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
JOHN LOVEDAY, of Williamscote, Oxon, Esq., and ARTHUR
LOVEDAY, of Doctors'-commons, Esq., and which was transferred
to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends there¬
on having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1855;—Notice is
hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,

ansforred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to
Arthur Loveday, the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
WAREHOUSE "B." ST. KATHARINE DOCK,
—The undersigned are happy to inform their shipping customers
and inquiring friends that the late FIRE has in no way injured their
export factory.—PIESSE and LUBIN.
NOTICE.—In consequence of my name having been
quoetd in letters issued by the Trade Assignee of the Bankruptcy
of A. MAILLARD, late of this place, and various rumours reflecting
upon my credit having obtained circulation, I beg to inform my
numerous patrons and friends that I am in NO WAY INVOLVED in
the said BANKRUPTCY, otherwise than being the largest creditor.
but that my solvency has not in the least been affected thereby; and
that I am still carrying on the business of bootmaker solely on my own
account, and have
o connexion with any other person trading under
the name of Le Masson and Co.
(Signed) M. LE MASSON.
No. 22, Lisle-street, Loicester-square. W.
OFFICEOf LAND REGISTRY.—No. 304.—Tolling¬
ton-lane, St. Mary, Islington, Middlesex.—In the matter of the Act
of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the
application of HENRY SALES SCOBELL. of The Abbey, Pershore
in the county of Worcester, Esquire, the Registrar of the Office of
Land Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar months
a the date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the
HEREDITAMENTS in the parish of St. Mary, Islington, in the
county of Middlesex, containing 7 acres and 3 roods, in the tenure or
occupation of Richard Smith, and which said hereditaments form part
of two closes of land formerly described as lying near Ullington or Tol¬
lington lane, in Upper Holloway, known as the Cardinal's Hat or
Little Cardinal's Hat, containing 11a. 2r. 17p., and which said here¬
ditaments intended to be registered are delineated on the map No.
304 deposited in the Office of Land Registry as part of the
description of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red,
together with the mines and minerals under the same hereditaments.
If any person objects to, or desires to show cause against, such re¬
gistration, or claims that the same should be subject to any conditions
or reservations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or
liability, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should
be entered on the register with reference to such hereditaments, such
person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's¬
inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel,
or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection, or to show
cause against, or to make such claim in respect of, such registration.
But any person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the
same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name
and address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry before the expira¬
tion of the said three calendar months from the date hereof, other¬
wise he will be excluded from making the same. The said map of
the said hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land Registry may be
inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the
said three calendar months from the date hereof. —Dated this 8th day
of January, 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT. Chief Clerk.
DALE and STRETTON, Solicitors to the Applicant.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—The Society of Arts having
awarded their silver medal and prize of 20 guineas to Messrs.
PARKINS and GOTTO, of 25, Oxford-street, for their 2s. WRITING¬
CASE (of which 400,000 have been sold), for its utility, durability, and
cheapness, the public are hereby CAUTIONT
t ee nst various
mita¬

mbeing genuine unless stamped "Parkins and
Gotto," with a crown above. The Postmaster-General permits this par¬
ticular case to pass through the post for four stamps.
CHOCOLAT MENIER, 23, Henrietta-street,
Strand.—MENIER's FRENCH CHOCOLATE.—Notice is
hereby given, that legal proceedings will be taken under the Merchan¬
dise Marks Act, 1862, 25 and 26 Vic., cap. 83, against any person or
persons fraudulently making use of the trade mark, or the signature,
Menier (it being an individual firm, and in no way connected with any
company or other house whatever), on the seal or cover, together
with colour of wrapper, form of cakes, &c., arrangement of label,
or otherwise, with the intention of deceiving the public by causing
spurious and inferior articles to be sold for the genuine Chocolat
Menier. F. TRUEFITT, Solicitor, 4, Essex-court, Temple, E.C.
MUDGMENT.—TRADE MARK COUNTER¬
FEITED.—Office of Mr. E. Caron, attorney of the Civil Tribunal
of the First Instance of the Department of the Seine, No. 45, Rue
Richelieu, Paris.—The following extract has been made from a judg¬
ment of the Sixth Chamber of the said Tribunal of the Seine, trying
misdemeanours, dated 12th January, 1865, registered, confirmed by a
decree of the Imperial Court of March 31, 1865; the judgment and
decree having been pronounced after the adverse party had been heard,
between Messrs. BASS and Co., brewers, of Burton-on-Trent, in
England, and Mr. Benjamin Harris, provision dealer, of 265, Rue St.
Honoré, Paris:—
"The Tribunal, on the ground that labels were seized in the house
of Harris, bearing the inscription "India Pale Ale, and that he
acknowledged having ordered them, and to have had them made; that
the labels have a general appearance and a resemblance of form,
design, and colour, likely to deceive the buyer and to make him believe
that they are the mark of the English house, Bass and Co., and that
the articles they are put upon come from that house;
"That though Harris substituted the word "India" for those of
Bass and Co.," and though he cut off in a slight degree the corners of
the red triangle which is one of the most conspicuous features, these
changes are not sufficient to make this mark appear to the consumers
a different one from that of Bass and Co.
Condemus Harris to four months' imprisonment and a fine of
600 franes; condemns him, by all legal ways, even by arrest, to pay to
Bass and Co. the sum of 6,000 francs as damages:
Declares to be confiscated the labels seized, and which are a
fraudulent imitation of those of Bass and Co., and directs them to be

For true extract (Signed)	E.CARON¬
CHUBB v. GRIFFITHS.—CAUTION.—Notice is
hereby given, that on the hearing, on the 16th of December, 1865,
of the above cause, His Honour the Master of the Rolls granted a
decree making perpetual the intunction which had on the 1st of June
last been granted against the defendant, restraining him from selling
under Messrs. Chubb and Son's name any iron safes not made by them,
and from affixing to any safes not of their manufacture plates bearing
their name. The decree also directed that the defendant should pay
the costs of the suit. All persons are cautioned against supposing that
such safes as may be found to be fitted with Chubb and Son's locks are
therefore necessarlly safes of Messrs. Chubb and Son's manufacture,
as it is believed that large numbers of these safes are sold under false
representation, genuine name-plates being removed from Messrs.
Chubb and Son's locks and affixed on the escutcheon or on some con¬
spicuous part of the safe. Dealers in second-hand fireproof safes are
particularly cautioned against selling, as Messrs. Chubb and Son's, safes
which are not of their manufacture, and against in any way affixing
their names on safes not of their m a
a oe e anist allowing any
safes pr.

tes rs, Chubb and Son's manufacture to pass
through their hands without the strictest examination; and proceed¬
ings in Chancery will in all cases be instituted when offences of the
same or a like nature are brought to notice
STUART and MASSEY, 5, Gray's-inn-square, Solicitors
for Messrs. Chubb and Son.
CHUBB v. GRIFFITHS.—CAUTION.—Referring
to advertisements which have previously appeared in this paper,
I hereby give notice that I am not the defendant in this suit.—C. H.
Griffiths, fire and thief proof safe manufacturer, 23, Cannon-street west,
E.C. Works, Richmond-road, Hackney.
MESSRS. DAY, Artists and Photographers to the
Queen and Royal Family beg leave to announce to the nobility
nd gentry that they have REMOVED from No. 14, Piccadilly, to
No. 46, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
REMOVAL.—Pure Water.—The LONDON and
GENERAL WATER PURIFYING COMPANYS (Limited)
have REMOVED their OFFICES and DEPOT to 157, Strand, where
their patent cistern filters, which are self-acting and require no at¬
tention on the part of servants, can be seen in operation, together with
testimonials from Dr. Letheby and other eminent authorities.
NOTICE.—A. MAILLARD (late Le Masson and
Co., of 22, Lisle-street, Leicester-square), begs respectfully to
inform his numerous patrons that he has REMOVED his BUSINESS
from 22, Lisle-street, to 13, Maddox-street, Regent-street, and that he
has no connexion with any other person. A. Malllard begs to inform
his numerous connexion that he retains all the lasts
to gs of the
customers of the late firm of Lisle-street,
aned at any orders for¬

nusure a perfect fit from the
led asts..
ch will be exccuted with the greatest promptitude.—
A. Maillard, 13, Maddox-street, Regent-street.
NOTICE of REMOVAL. —SEDDON and Co.,
cabinet manufacturers and upholsterers, beg to announce that
their business is now carried on at the Grosvenor Gallerles, 70, Gros¬
venor-street, W.
