WILLIAM.—Let us hear fror you immediately.—M.
REV. H. S. H. who left a parcel, containing coupons,
certificates, &c., in June, 1868, with Y. Christian, stock and
share dealer, 11, Royal Exchange, E.C., is requested to FORWARD
his ADDRESS.
C. B., who left his home on the 20th, can save his chil¬
dren from utter ruin and himself from disgrace by COMMUNI¬
CATING with his brothers. Business matters can be arranged. Write
o to London at once. Will be tob late after the 29th.
TO ADOLPH BUCHLER, of Stuttgard.—Dear
Brother.—Our beloved FATHER, von Blchler, Architect to the
Court, DIED on the 25th January, 1869. Give notice of this unfor¬
tunate event to your Otto Buchler, Preceptor in Obringen, Wur¬
temburg.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD will be given to
any person who shall furnish INFORMATION as to the
WRITER of an ANONYMOUS LETTER, bearing post mark S.E.,
April 22, 1869, and addressed to a gentleman residing in Lower Bel¬
grave-street. Apply to Mr. Pollaky, private inquiry office, 13, Pad¬
dingtons.
ORDAN, SARAH ARTHUR (formerly Ryalls),
who was-married to George Jordan, formerly of 29, North-Street,
Pentonville, cornmeter, on the 12th May, 1846.—TWO POUNDS RE¬
WARD will be paid to any person furnishing satisfactory PROOF of
the DEATH of said SARAH ARTHUR JORDAN, who is supposed
to have been run over and killed by a Hansom cab in March, 1860,
opposite the Victoria Theatre, Lambeth. Address Mr. Edward Moss,
solicitor, Winchester-house, Old Broad-street, E.C.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—MIS¬
SING a GENTLEMAN, about 25 years of age, tall, well-built,
with dark hair, beard, and moustache. Had on a dark blue thick over¬
coat, coat and waistcoat, dark trousers with a black stripe down the
sides, high hat, and laced shoes. He had on him a gold cut hunter's
keyless watch and heavy Albert chain, both by Bennett. He has a
rather downeast look, stooping gait, and shy manner. He left his
lodgings in York on Sunday morning, the 11th inst. Any person find¬
ing the above gentleman and restoring him to his friends, or first giving
such information as shall lead to such restoration, shall receive the
above reward. Application to be made to Dr. Kitching, York; or
Joseph Beaumont, Esq., solicitor, 53, Coleman-Street, London; of
whom any information may be obtained.
ST. MARKS HOSPITAL for FISTULA, &c., City¬
road, E.C.—The Secretary-gratefully ACKNOWLEDGES the
RECEIPT of £2 from "P." Ireland, in aid of the funds of this Insti¬
ion.—26th April, 1860.
LOST, by a servant, on Friday afternoon last, either
between Scott's Bank and Bayswater, or ina Bavewater omnibus,
or between Oxford-street and Hill-Street, W., a CANVAS BAG, con¬
taining £20 in gold. Whoever will take the same to Carter's library,
No. 16, South Audley-street, will be handsomely REWARDED.
LEFT in a CAB, that took a fare from the station
in Moorgate-street to Little Alle-street, Whitechapel, on Wed¬
nesday, April 21, a SILVER CUP, in a leather case. Whoever takes
it to 47, Lambeth-Street, Whitechapel, shall receive TWO POUNDS
REWARD.
RED RETRIEVER DOG.—STRAYED into a
house in Groevenor-place on Wednesday last, a RED RE¬
TRIEVER DOG. Whoever can accurately describe him, and will pay
the expenses of advertisement, can recover the same. Apply at
Miland's library, Chapel-street, Belgrave-square.
NEXT of KIN (new edition, just published).—A
classified and descriptive INDEX (of 20,000 names guaranteed)
to advertisements for Next of Kin, Chancery Heirs, Legatees, &c.,
from 1700 to 1859, post free 32 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER, 17,
Southampton-buildings, Chancer-lane, London, W.C.
PERSONS of the NAMES of ACTON, Adamson,
Adkin, Albertini, Alcock, Aldersey, Aldington, Alsop, Anderton,
Andree, Andrews, Angle, Ansell, Ashburner, Ashby, Astle, Backhouse,
Bain, Baird, Baker, Bavington, Beaumont, Bell, Bellamy, Bowen, and
Brandon are hereby informed that some valuable INFORMATION
concerning these families, which may be greatly to their advantage, will
be found in the 27th number of RESEARCHES RESPECTING
FAMILY HISTORY, Unclaimed Property, and Estates in abeyance.
Price 5s., or sent free for 62 postage stamps. Address James H. Fen¬
nell, 49, Millbank-street, near the Houses of Parliament, Westminster.
BANK of ENGLAND. — Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of two dividends on the sum of
£712 9s. 2d., Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing
in the name of RUDD LUCAS, of Long Ashton, Somerset, surgeon,
and which dividends were paid over to the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt in consequence of the first thereof
having remained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1859;— Notice is
hereby given, that on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Dividends will be paid to Harriette Luchs, widow, Joseph
Lucas, and Thomas Terrett Taylor, executors of Rudd Lucas, deceased,
who have claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner
appear and make out his claim thereto.
NORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Strand Union.—I, the undersigned J. H. Mitchiner,
Auditer of the above named district, do hereby give notice, that
have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the STRAND
UNION, and of the parishes therein contained, for the half-year ended
the 25th March, 1869, to commence on Tuesday, the 11th day of May next.
at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Strand Union-office, Bow-street,
when and where all persons who by law are bound to account at such
audit are required to attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills,
and vouchers containing or relating to the accounts, or to moneys
assessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the poor. —Dated the 26th
day of April, 1869.
J. H. MITCHINER, District Auditor.
MINTOS ROYAL HOTEL, Leytonstone-road,
Stratford.—A MEMORIAL, of great importance to this popu¬
lous district, lies at the Royal Hotel, Leytonstone-road, addressed to
the LONDON GENERAL OMNIBUS COMPANY, soliciting their
concurrence to facilitate the transit of passengers by allowing their
vehicles to start from this important centtal porition. An immense
neighbourhood is springing up about the Royal Hotel, consisting of
first-class villas (seml-detached), cottages ornées, &c. As this move¬
ment will largely increase the Company's returns, there is every reason
to believe it will be met with immediate attention. This memorial
has been already numerously signed by the élite of the neighbourhood,
tradesmen, &c. A General Meeting will take place in Mr. Minto's large
Committee Room, on Tuesday, the 27th April, 1869," to receive addi¬
tional signatures to this important memorial. The chair will be taken
at 7 o'clock p.m.
IN the Matter of the Trustee Rellef Act, and of the
CHARITABLE BEQUESTS of JOHN-WATKINS BRETT, de¬
ceased.— Whereas the said John Watkins Brett by his will, dated the
18th day of July, 1856, among other things, directed that two-thirds of
a tenth of his property given to charitable purposes should be divided
equally between the Church and Moravian Missions, and, that the re¬
maining one-third should be divided equally between the Town Missions
and Scripture Readers Societies, and appointed his brother, the Reve¬
rend Francis Henry Brett, and his sister, Caroline JaneWileman, to an
equal right in the disposal thereof; and whereas by an order made¬
in the said matters by his Lordship the Master of the Rolis, dated 19th
December, 1868, after directing the distribution of the said two-tthirds
of the said one-tenth, it is ordered that an inquiry should be made what
establishments are referred to by the terms "Town Missions and Scrip¬
ture Readers Societies," in the will of John Watkins Brett, deceased,
the testator, and how the remaining third, and the interest to accrue
thereon, should be applied and disposed of:—All PERSONS and INSTI¬
TUTIONS CLAIMING to be (interested in, and to participate in the
said one-third of one-tenth are, on or before the 22d day of May, 1869,
to bring in and enter their claims at the chambers of the Master of the
Rolls, Rolls-yard, Chancer-lane, Middlesex; or, in default thereof, they
will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the said order. Mon¬
day the 31st day of May, 1869, at the chambers of the Master of the
Rolls, Rolls-yard, Chancery-lane, Middlesex, at 11 o'clock in the fore¬
noon, is the time appointed for adjudicating upon the said claims.—
Dated this 13th day of April, 1869.
E. B. CHURCH, Chief Clerk.
THE SEA FISHERIES ACT, 1868, 31st and 32d
Victoria, chapter 45.—Oyster and Mussel Fisheries.—Boston
Deeps.—Notice is hereby given, that APPLICATION has been made
to the Board of Trade by the Corporation of the Borough of Boston
for an ORDER for the REGULATION of an OYSTER and MUSSEL
FISERY in BOSTON DEEPS, situate within the county of Lincoln,
containing an area of 126 square miles, or thereabouts, and bounded as
follows, that is to say:—To the west and north by the line of ordinary
high water mark extending along the coast, situate within and adja¬
cent to the several parishes of Sutton St. James, Sutton St. Edmunds,
Sutton St. Mary's, Sutton St. Nicholas otherwise Lutton, Gedney, Hol¬
beach, Frampton, Wyberton, Fishtoft, Freiston, Butterwick, Benington,
Leverton, Leake, Wrangle, Friskney, Wainfleet, and Skegness, to a
place there known as the Coast Guard Station, thence by a straight
line to the outermost buoy, known as the Outer Knock Buoy, main¬
tained by the Corporation by Royal Charter granted in the reign
of Queen Elizabeth, and as Commissioners by Statute of the port and
harbour of Boston, at the lower end of a sand in Boston Deeps, known,
as the Outer Knock Sand; then to the cast and south by another
line, drawn from the last-mentioned point along the centre of two
other sands known as the Dog's Head Sand and the Long Sand, and
continuing up to the buoy maintained by the said Corporation at the
extreme point of another sand, called the Roger Sand and known as
the Roger Point; thence by a line from the last named point to ano¬
ther buoy, known as the Gat Buny, maintained by the said Corpora¬
tion at the end of a sand called the Gat Sand; and thence by a line
drawn from the last named point, in a direct south-westerly direction
to the line of ordinary high-water mark on the coast, at a place called
Sutton-corner, in the said parish of Sutton St. James; the whole area
within the limits hereinbefore described being within the port and
harbour of Boston, and the navigable channels therein being shown
by the said buoys or sea-marks maintained by the said Corporation,
and being under their jurisdiction and control.
The effect of the Order will be¬
To prohibit dredging during the months of June, July, and August.
To close to the extent of one-half of the fishery during the first three
years and to the extent of one-third of the fishery afterwards.
To require all smacks and boats used in dredging or fishing within
the limits prescribed to be licensed.
Tolls to be payable on licenses, viz.:—
For one ason00
3s. per ton.
month
t.
9d,
week or less period
A fee of 1s. to be paid upon each license.3d.
The office for granting licenses and for all matters relating to the
Order to be the office of the Town Clerk of the Borough of Boston.
Fishing smacks and row boats to be numbered.
Taking of mussels of less size than two inches in length, or oysters
of less size than 2 inches in diameter, to be prohibited.
Riddlings and refuse to be deposited at appointed places only.
Powers reserved to the Corporation to remove brood of mussels and
oysters, for the purpose of better cultivating the fishery; to appoint
water bailiffs to enforce regulations; to apply the tolls in maintaining
and improving the fishery; to replace sea-marks denoting the limits of
the fishery, and to give notices thereof; and to render accounts to the
Board of Trade.
Power reserved to the Bsard of Trade to grant a several oyster and
mussel fishery within the limits comprised wi hin the Order.
The Order to continue in operation for 60 years, and to be cited as
"The Beston Deeps Fishery Order, 1869."
And notice is hereby atso given, that thie draft of the (proposed)
Order has been printed, and is devosited together with the plans re¬
ferted to therein at the Board of Trade ; and also at the Custom¬
house, Boston, and at the office of the Town Clerk, Market-place, Bos¬
ton, where the same may be seen and inspected free of charge by all
persons during the month following Friday, the 23d April instant.
Coples of the draft order, at the charge of 1s. each, may be obtained
at the Town Clerk's office.
Form of Notice to Objectors.
During one month following the date of the advertisement of this
draft order (22d April, 1869, the Board of Trade will receive any ob¬
jections or representations made to them respecting the same. All
such objections must be transmitted in duplicate written on common
foolschp paper, on one side of the paper only and with a wide margin.
A copy of such objections must also at the same time be sent to the
Town Clerk, Boston, and in sending the objections to the Board of
Trade, the objectors or their agents should state that this has been
done.
F. T. WHITE, Town Clerk.
Town Glerk's office, Hoston, 20th April, 1869.
SLIDE LOCK (ADOLPH FRANKAU and Co.'s
PATENT).—We, the undersigned, hereby acknowledge the
validity of this patent, and undertake NOT to SELL any of the GOODS
we have in our possession, alleged by Messrs. Adoiph Frankan and Co.
to be an infringement of the said patent, and not to make, or allow to
be made for us, any more of such goods.—Dated this 15th day of April,

M. WOLFSKY and Co.
THE public are CAUTIONED against IMITA¬
TIONS of the NEW VELLUM WOVE CLUB-HOUSE NOTE.
This paper has been manufactured to mect the universally experienced
want—I. c., a paper which shall in itself combine a perfectly smooth
surface with total freedom from grease. It is made from the best linen
rags only, possesses great tenacity and durability, and is equally well
adapted for quill or steel pen. Sample packet post free for 18 stamps,
(Signed)
PARTRIDGE and COOPER, Sole Manufacturers
and Vendors, 192, Fleet-street, E.C.
NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs respectfully to inform her customers and ladies of the
nobility her establishment will in future be CLOSED at 5 o'clock on
SATURDAYS.—92, Regent-street.
NOTICE.—The GLADSTONE BAG, invented and
perfected by FISHER, of the Strand. We are informed that
inferior imitations of this article are offered for sale. Buyers are re¬
quested to notice that the genuine Gladstone Travelling Bag is stamped
in gold, in a garter, Fisher, 188, Strand.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. FREDK, DAVIS,
importer of works of art and articles of vertu, has much plea¬
sure in informing the nobility and public that he has REMOVED
from 100, New Bond-street, to his new gallery, 51, Pall-mall, W. (nearly
opposite Marlborough-house), where all letters and communications
are in future to be addressed.
NOTICE.—Mr. C. F. HANCOCK, senior partner
of the firm of C. F. Hancock, Son, and Co., 39, Bruton-street,
corner of Bond-street, begs respectfully to inform his patrens that he
will; retire from business at the end of the present year; the firm
for the future will consist of his son, Mr. Mortimer Hancock, Mr.
Stewart, and Mr. Dore. In consequence of the retirement of the senior
partner, the whole of the valuable stock of DIAMONDS, Jewellery,
Plate, and Works of Art, in gold and silver, is now being SOLD at
greatly reduced prtie
HOME for DOGS.—For LOST DOGS, if uot found
at the police station, apply at the Temporary Home, Holling¬
worth-Street, St. James's-road, Holloway, N.
POLLAKYS PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES instituted with secrecy and despatch
in divorce and other cases, by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington-green,
