MARQUISE—Patience—10 minutes after midnight.
—Pollaky.
PER : : Most perfidious. Why this eruel
silence? Sagge is deserted. Fly to your neglected C...8ta.

chere. Au-dela de toute expression. Pour la vie, votre fidele.—
APIN.
INYTHING but Sarah or Susan. WRITE to the

A.G.
J. S. S.—WRITE to me through the lawyer at

L.S.
NAY.—If wishing to find him alive, quick to me,
your old friend Mrs. Maths. If you forget my address, write
ancey, who will send it and money likewise for travelling. He is very
ill. He says Elogien has gone to search.
G. G. G. (en voyage). Stop in England. I am coming
semeneeanca
uectosoneprugams,
JOHN WELLINGTON FREESE.—Should this
meet the sye of this gentleman, Mr. Christavao Vieira de Freitas.
of Nova Friburgo, Braxils, a particular friend of his late father, would

terrace, Kent-house-road, Sydenham.
MISSING, since the 11th inst., a GENTLEMAN,
age 24; height nearly six feet, strongly built, fair complexion,
mhent arched nose, light brown moustache and beard of short
growth has


"Was dressed in black cutaway coat and waistcoat and
gray trousers with black stripe. Had on a black deer-stalker hat. Any
one giving information to Station Master, West Drayton, leading to
his discovery shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, on the 12th inst., between Regent-street,
Knightsbridge, and Sloane-street, a PARCEL, containing sily
new pocket handkerchiefs, and one old one, marked "E. S. J. 12."
red. Who ver will tae¬
the same to 12, Cromwell-place, South, Ken¬

TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a small
BLACK and TAN BITCH, with very short legs; ears uncut.
Had a red collar studded with brass nails. The above reward will be
given to anyone taking her to 4, Chesham-place, Belgravia.
—
day last, between Coldharbour and Croydon Town-hall, a KEY¬
LESS GOLD HUNTING WATCH, No. 1,333. Has small hour circle
and monogram "M. B.," in blue enamel, on the back. Any per¬
son taking the same to Mr. A. Willson, Coldharbour, Croydon,
or to Mr. Birkett, 15, Vere-street, Oxford-street, shall receive the
above reward.
DOG LOST, 13th instant, in Park-lane, at 5

long ears and tail, getting gray in the muzzle; answers to "Tiny."
REWARD given.—69, Brook-street, Hanover-square.
DOG LOST, from 67, Princes-gate.—LOST, on Mon¬
day last, a SCOTCH COLLEY. She had on a collar, on which
was engrave
olley 67.
Any person taking her to
the above address shall be REWARDET
THREE POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on Wednes¬
day evening,
about 9 o'clock, in Westbourne¬
terrace, a SMALL HALF-SKYE TERRIER, white and tan colour,
with a slight black spot on its face and side; wears a red collar,
addressed "B. Cohen, Esq., 74, Marine-parade, Brighton," and answers
to the name of "Fanny." Whoever takes it to 3, Westbourne-terrace,
shall receive the above reward.
AUGUSTE SCHOEFFT, do hereby declare and
make known that I REVOKE all POWERS of ATTORNEY
s.
made by myself personally.—Dated this 7th day of November, 1867.
No. 24, rue du Mont Thabor, Paris.	AUG. SCHOEFFT.
Witness—Edward Martin.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
Tssemerssssasremengatsamemea.
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £100 Consolidated
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of MARY
POWELL, of Lisle-street, Leicester-square, spinster, and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the divi¬
dends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1839
—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends

Mary Pewell, spinster, deceased, who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
INDIA-OFFICE, 13th November, 1867.
By Order of the Secretary of State for India in Council.
NOTICE is hereby given, that packages, stated
s
and soldiers of the late East India Company's Service and of Her Ma¬
jesty's Indian Military Forces, have from time to time been re¬
ceived from the Governments of the respective Presidencies in India.
PACKAGES containing articles reserved from the following estates
remain UNCLAIMED, viz.:—
1. Anderson, James, Assistant-Surgeon, 1st Madras Fusiliers.
4. Allen, P., Assistant-Surgeon, Madras Horse Artillery.
11. Babington, W. R., Assistant-Surgeon, Madras Medical Depart¬
ment.
14. Burnside, J., Captain, 3d Madras Light Cavalry.
19. Colebroke, E. J., Lieutenant, 2d Madras Native Veteran Bat¬
talion.
20. Coust. H. A. O., Captain, ditto.
Crowley, E. C., Veterinary-Surgeon, Madras Establishment.
33. Doune, J. T., Assistant-Surgeon, Madras Medical Establish¬
ment.
Durand, E. L., Captain, 3d Madras Fusiliers.

Davidson, J., Colonel, 36th Madras Native Infantry.

Edmonston, W., Sergeant-Major, 28th Madras Native Infantry.
 Fullarton, C. Captain, 1st Madras Native Infantry.
se
Halliday, J., Sergeant, Bengal Establishment.
9. Johnston, J. McM., Captain, 4th Madras Native Infantry.
85. Kensington, H, B., Ensign, 32d Madras Native Infantry.
92. Lindsay, R., Cornet, 6th Madras Light Cavalry.
115. Owen, H. R., Lieutenant, 2d Madras Fusiliers.
120. Palmer, H. E. M., Ensign, Madras Native Infantry.
128, Redmond, J. J., Lientenant, 7th Madras Fusiliers.
Deonty Commissary, Madras Sappers and Miners.
134a. Ryan , IL
Scobell. V., Lientenant, Madras Native Veterans.
135.

esas

186.
em
168, Wylly, A. C. A., Lientenant, 18th Madras Native Infantry.
170, Wright, W., Sergeant, Madras Sappers and Miners.
171. Windus, F. J., Assistant-Surgeon, Madras Establishment.
Applications for such packages should be made by the next of kin
of the deceased, or by the legal representatives of such next, of kin, to
the Military Secretary, at his office.
In the event of any of the packages in question remaining unclaimed
for the further period of six months from this date, they will be
opened, the contents be disposed of by sale, and the amount realized be

. T. T. PEARS, Major-General, Military Secretary.
DVERTISEMENT.—The undersigned testa¬
mentary executors of Mr. JEAN JACQUES JACOB MATTHEY
CLAUDET, son of Charles Daniel, when living, gentleman, residing
at Secheron, commune of Petit Sacconnex, canton of Geneva, Switzer-¬

olograph will, dated at Secheron, on the 1st of November, 1866, duly
approved by decree of Mons. the President of the Civil Tribunal of
Geneva, of the 9th of September, 1867, and deposited among the original
documents of Mr. Audevud, notary public at Geneva, give notice to all
those to whom the same might be of interest, and who may claim a
Teeeesensesseaoemon

Register appointed for such purpose, where everybody can read it, Mr.
Matthey Claudet has bequeathed to each of his descendants, male and

or lawfully acknowledged, of the brothers and likewise of the sister,
Jeannie Marie Matthey, married to Jacob Soldat, of his grandfather,

of Madame Gibollet, wife of Councillor Bellejean of La Neuve¬

coise Gibollet, wife of his grandfather David Matthey Claudet.
the sum of 2,000 francs. It is declared in the said will, that the

discover those having a claim to the above legacy, but such as they
may deem expedient, and that the inheritance of the said Matthey
Claudet, as well as the said testamentary executors, shall be entirely
absolved from any recourse on the part of such of those legatees who
esee
the decease of the testator. In consequence, the undersigned, in their
capacity of testamentary executors of the late Mr. Jean Jacques Jacob
Marthey Claudet, and in order to fulfil the mission that has been con¬
fided to them by the testator, do
tive notice, by these presents,
eses.
do warn them to put forward their claims within the delay of one year
from the 5th of September, 1867, under penalty of exclusion, by the

legalized, proving their fillation and their descent from the brothers

the testator, and from the said Dame Gibollet, wife of the Councillor
Bellejean the sister of Anne Francoise Gibollet, wife of David

be made and the vouchers and documents must be addressed, to Mr.
Camille Ferrier, avocat, place du Molard, No. 4, at Geneva, one of
the undersigned.—Geneva, the 30th September, 1867.
C. FERRIER.
J. L. PESCHIER.
AND REGISTRY.—No. 376.—In the Matter of

given, that on the application of WESTON CRACROFT AMCOTTS,
of Hackthorne, in the county of Lincoln, Esquire, the Registrar in¬
ar
to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE, the HEREDITA¬
MENTS called or known as the Manor or Lordship, or reputed Manor
or Lordship, of Ancotts, in the parish of Authorpe, otherwise Al¬

ships, or reputed manors or lordships, of Kettlethorpe, Marton, Stowe,

Normanby by Stowe, Fenton, Newton, Laughterton, and Gate Burton,

Amcotts, Bellshaw, Garthorpe, Kettlethorpe, Newton, Brampton,
and Marton Estates, in the parishes of Althorpe, Belton, Luddington,

containing 3,949a. 3r. 17p., or thereabout, partly in hand, and partly in
the tenures or occupations of George Faviell, William Bingham, Mrs.
Thomas Glazier, Joseph Foster, Mrs. Brunyee, S. G. Belton, James
Walker, Samuel Leggott, Richard Waddington, George Glover John
Bingham, James Bealby, John Gourley, Mrs. Milins, Charles Bycroft,

bounded on the east side for the greater part thereof by the river
Trent, near Ancotts-hook, and comprising Amcotts-lodge, Cottley¬
hall, and lands and buildings in and around or in the neighbourhood of
the village of Amcotts; the Kettlethorpe and Newton Estates being
situate between and in part bounded by Foss Dyke and the river

and Park called Kettlethorpe-hall and the Torksey and Marton
Estates, adjoining each other, the former being on the eastern side of
the parish of Torksey, and the latter on the western side of the parish
of Marton, and such last-mentioned hereditaments in the parish of

said estates are delineated on the map No. 376, deposited in the Office


minerals under the hereditaments delineated on the the said map. If
any person objects to, or desire to show cause against, such registra¬

reservations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge of
liablity, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should
be entered on the register such person may be heard at the Office of

expiration of the said three months, personally or by his solicitor
or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection to,
or to show cause against or to make such claim in respect of such
s
or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars

before the expiration of the said three months, otherwise he will be

The aforesaid map may be inspected
at the said office at any time before the expiration of the said three

O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
SWANN and Co., 38, Chancery-lane, London, W. C., Agents for
F. W. Tweed, Horncastle, Solicitor to the Applicant.
AND. REGISTRY.—Nos. 512, 513, 514.—In the
sseneeenenugen
hereby given, that on the application of WESTON CRACROFT AM¬

Tosseem

ses
and PRESENTATION of, and to, the RECTORY and PARISH
CHURCH of KETTLETHORPE, in the county of Lincoin, with the




ensnessetecenson



tion, or claims that the same should be subject to any conditions or re¬
servations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, cherge or
one
esesemsnsesemn



or to make such claim in respect of, suchregistration. But any person de¬
siring to make such objection or claim -must lodge the same in writing,

Teennenassannen
Beeeesseeemess

day of November, 1867.
SWANN and Co., 38, Chancery-lane, London, W. C.,
Agents for F. W. Tweed, Horncastle. Solicitor to
the Applicant.
