E. G. G.—Just returned. Relieved yours. Ad¬

dress the P. O. All right.
SIXTY-FIVE.—ALETTER AWAITS you at B—
EASTWARD HO.
MEJEBOY.—Don't mind poor Joe, of the 18th
July, 1853. Don't write, unless to friends, under cover. Not
BELLA, Bella.—THANKS for the LETTER, dated
the 12th, enclesed £5. Pray let me see you this year. Thank
od you are well. Bless you.
WHOSOEVER giveth a cup of water has his re¬
ward in the Kingdom of Heaven.
—A "Water Baby" is re¬
spectfully INFORMED that the HA
NOTE said to have been

CATTLE-TROUGH ASSOCIATION, with a request that it should be
acknowledged under the above heading, has NOT been RECEIVED.

again.
JOHN LEE, Secretary.
No. 1, Shorter's-court, Throgmorton-street, E.C.
LOST, on the 5th instant, between Aldershot and
Barnet, a GOLD CABLE BRACELET, with Three round Gold
Lockets attached. Any person restoring the above shall receive ONE
POUND REWARD on application to Messrs. Cookson, Wainewright,

LOST, on 7th inst., TWO CHEQUES—one drawn
for £53 9s. on National Provincial Bank, and the other for es
on London and County Bank. Payment of both cheques stopped.
ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD will be given to the finder of the

ales, 8, Great St. Helen's,
Bishopsgate-street, E.C. No further reward will be offered.
BILL LOST, in or near Cheapside, on Saturday, No.
7419, first of exchange, for £500, drawn by Jacob Steiger and
Co., payable at London and Westminster Bank on September 23d.
Payment stopped. Address 44, Bread-street, E.C.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, 15th inst.,
a large GOLD OVAL REVOLVING BROOCH, containing two
portraits (male and female), on ivory, deficient of pin. Whoever will
take the same to Mr. William Millar, 49, Fenchurch-street, city, shall

POCKET-BOOK.—If the person who took by mis¬
take off the counter at the Civil Service Co-operative Society's
res, No. 16, Monkwell-street, city, this day, at 2.30 p.m., a POCKET¬
BOOK, will RETURN it, with its contents, to the owner, whose.
name is printed inside in gilt letters, at 1, Whitehall-gardens, S.W., he
will feel obliged.—Aug. 14, 1868.
NOTICE to NEXT of KIN and HEIRS-AT-LAW.
—Pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Chancery for Upper
Canada, made in a cause of
Lyon v. Blott," all pe
boens c iming to
be NEXT of KIN or HEIRS-AT-LAW of GEORGE WEBSTER, late
of the township of Cayuga, in the county of Haldimand, in the pro¬
vince of Ontario and dominion of Canada (who died in or about the
month of May, 1865), and also all persons claiming to be the next of kin
or heirs-at-law of Sarah Webster, (widow of the said George Webster
and before her marriage named Sarah Bezely), and late of the city of
Toronto, in the county of York, in the province and dominion afore¬
said, who died in or about the month of November, 1867, are, by their
solicitors, on or before the 5th day of October, 1868, to come in and
prove their claims before me, at my chambers, in Osgoode-hall, in the
said city of Toronto. Monday, the 12th day of October next, at 10 of
the clock in the forenoon, at the said chambers, is appointed for hear¬
ing and determining the said claims. —Dated this 28th day of July. 1868.
(Signed)	ROBERT J. TURNER.
NEXT of KIN (new edition, just published).—A
classified and descriptive INDEX (of 18,000 names guaranteed)
to advertisements for Next of Kin, Chancery Heirs, Legatees, &c.,
from 1760 to 1858, post free 30 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER, 17,
Southampton-buildings, Chancery-lane, London, W.C.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
JAMES YOCKNEY, formerly o f
parish of North Bradley, in
the county of Wilts, weaver : ANN HARPER, wife of Thomas Harper,
formerly of Wingfield, in the county of Wilts, but late residing in Ans.
tralia or New Zealand; and HENRY YOCKNEY, late of Road, in
the county of Somerset, formerly a soldier.—Take notice, that a
CITATION has issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate,
dated the 10th day of August, 1868, whereby you, James Yockney, Ann
Harper, and Henry Yockney, are cited to appear within 30 days after
the publication of this notice, and accept or refuse letters of adminis¬
tration of the personal estate and effects of Lucy Yockney, late of
Trowbridge in the county of Wilts, deceased, who died on the 8th day
of June, 1867, at No. 59, High-Street, Camden-town, in the county of
Middlesex intestate, a spinster without a parent, late your natural and
lawful sister, or show cause why such letters of administration should
not be granted to John Randall, the lawful nephew and one of the
parties entitled in distribution to the personal estate and effects of the
said deceased, with an intimation that, in default of your appearance,
such letters of administration will be granted to the said John Randall.
—Dated this 11th day of August, 1868.
.A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
TOLLER and SONS, Proctors, 5, Dean's-court, Doctors'-commons,
London.
CHANGE of SURNAME.—We, the undersigned,
Thomas Darnley, of Pulham St. Mary, in the county of Nor¬
folk, gentleman, and Darnley Rowland Darnley, M.A., Pn. D. of the
University of Ro-tock, Mecklenburg, of Lincoln's-inn, London, Bar¬
rister-at-Law, and of the University of London, of 12, John-Street, Bed¬
ford-row, London, in the county of Middlesex, who up to the date of
this announcement have used and been known by the surname of
Poppy only, hereby give public notice that we have this day
ASSUMED and intend henceforth to use, the SURNAME of
DARNLEY, in substitution for our former surname of Poppy, and by
such surname of Darnley to designate ourselves and to be designated,
known, and distinguished by others in all future transactions whatso¬
ever, whether verbal or in writing. And we, the said Thomas and
Darnley Rowland Darnley, do hereby authorize and desire all persons
to designate and describe us by such surname accordingly. —Dated
this 17th day of August, 1863.
THOMAS DARNLEY
DARNLEY ROWLAND DARNLEY.
IN CHANCERY. — Between Lewis Marks, plaintiff,
and William Scruton Wilson, defendant.—To the abovenamed de¬
fendant William Scruton Wilson.—Take notice, that by an order made
by His Lordship the Master of the Rolls in the above cause on the
4th day of July, 1868, a notice of the Chief Clerk's certificate made in
the above cause and dated the 16th day of June, 1868, and of the time
and place thereby appointed for payment by you, the said WILLIAM
SCRUTON WILSON, to the abovenamed plaintiff, Lewis Marks, of
the sum therein mentioned, was directed to be advertised as in the
said order mentioned, and publication of such notice was ordered to be
good service of the said certificate upon you; and further take notice,
that Wednesday, the 16th day of December, 1868, between the hours of
12 and 1 of the clock in the afternoon, and the chapel of the Rolls,
Rolls-yard, Chancery-lane, London, are by the said Chief Clerk's certi¬
ficate named as the time and place at which you, the said defendant,
William Scruton Wilson, are to pay the sum of £472 1s. 8d. in the said
certificate mentioned to the abovenamed plaintiff, Lewis Marks; and
further take notice, that in pursuance of the decree made in the said
cause, and dated the 8th day of March, 1867, if default is made by you
in paying to the said Lewis Marks the said sum of £472 1s. 8d. by the
time aforesaid, you will be absclutely foreclosed of all rights and equity
of redemption of and to the mortgaged hereditaments in the nleadings
in this cause mentioned. — Dated this 13th day of August, 1868.
DEANE and CHUBB, 14, South-square, Gray's-inn, in the coun
of Middlesex, Solicitors for the Plaintiff, Lewis Mark

POROUGH of HALIFAX.—The Piece-hall,
Halifax.—Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of
The Halifax Corporation Waterworks and Improvement Act, 1868,"
that all persons CLAIMING to be PROPRIETORS or OWNERS of
ROOMS in the Halifax Piece-hall are required forthwith to send in
their claims thereto to the Town Clerk of Halifax, stating the
Chris
ahn name and surname and the address of the clain
n to
enable the Corporation of Halifax to perfect the purchase of the said

gvery person registered as a propristor of any room or rooms in the

of December, 1867, in the register book
kept by Mr. Daniel Carter, the Secretary or Treasurer of the Trustees
of the said hall, and every person who within six months after the 5th
day of August instant, shall establish his claim as a proprietor of a
room or rooms in the said hall, to the satisfaction of the Corporation,
or, in case of difference, to the satisfaction of two Justices, not being
members of the Council of the said Borough, shall be deemed to be a
proprietor, and be entitled to compensation accordingly.
Mr. Daniel Carter, of Lightcliffe, will attend at the Committee¬
room, Piece-hall, Halifax, where the register book may be seen, on
Wednesdays and Saturdays, between the hours of 10 and 3.
Further particulars may be obtained from the Town Clerk of Halifax,
to whom all claims and communications are to be addressed.
By order. J. E. NORRIS, Town Clerk.
Town-hall Halifax, August 6. 1868.
PETROLEUM ACTS, 1862 and 1868.—The Metro¬
politan Board of Works hereby give notice, that an Act has just
passed to Amend the Act 25th and 26th Victoria, chapter 66 (1862), for
the SAFE-KEEPING of PETROLEUM. Ameng other things it is
provided—from and after the 1st day of February, 1869, the 3d section
of the Petroleum Act. 1862, shall be repealed, and that from that date
there may be annexed to any license to be granted such conditions as
to the mode of storage, as to the nature of the goods with which pe¬
troleum may be stored, as to the testing such petroleum from time to
time, and generally as to the safe keeping of petroleum, as may seem
expedient to the local authority. Any petroleum kept in contraven¬
tion of this section shall be forfeited, and, in addition thereto, the
occupier of the place in which such petroleum is kept shall be liable
to a penalty not exceeding £20 a day for each day during which pe¬
troleum is kept in contravention of the Petroleum Acts 1862 and 1863,
or either of such Acts.
In the same Act there is a prohibition of sale of petroleum for pur¬
pose of illumination giving of an infiammable vapour at a temperature
of less than 100 degrees of Fahrenheit; and the temperature at
which petroleum gives off an inflammable vapour shall for the purposes
of the Petroleum Acts be tested in manner set forth in the schedule
to the Act.
And the Board hereby gives further notice, that all licenses for the
ensuing year must be applied for as regards the Metropolitan Board
of Works, before the 31st day of December, 1868.
Any further information may be obtained at this office between the
hours of 9 and 4 o'clock.

JOHN POLLARD, Clerk of the Board.
Spring-gardens, 23th July, 1866.
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Queen
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONLY
ADDRESS is 33 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—The CISTERN and other FILTERS,
officially adopted by Government for the Abyssinian army, the
iron-plated ships, barracks, military stores, &c., and so highly spoken
of by Dr. Frankland during the late visitation of cholera (See The
Times Oct. 24th, 1865), can only be obtained at ATKINS', 62, Fleet-ct.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted leuses should apply only direct to them, at
No. 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, opposite Crawley's Hotel
CAUTION.-REGISTERING THER
IOMETER.
—NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA's PATENT SELF-REGISTERING
THERM
ETERS, which have received prizes in London and Paris,
and are in use at all the principal obcervatories, are only to be had ut
Messrs. Nereti and?

oeis. he p.
olicare CAU¬
STIONED a
ti m eitations a
persons represent
themselves to
be

ents or travellers.—Negretti and Zambra, Hatton¬
garden, Corni
Regent-street
Fleet-street, and Crystal Palace.
CAUTION.—Royal German Spa, Brighton.—
STRUVE and Co. request the public to observe carefully that
Struve's name is on the label and red ink stamp affixed to each bottle
of their waters, without which, though contained in Struve's bottles, it
cannot be of their manufacture. The frequent application by other
parties of the terms "Brighton Selrzers," "Brighton Vichy," &c., to
waters with which Struve and Co. have no connexion, renders this
notice due alike to the public and to Struve and Co. Struve's Mineral
Waters are sold at the Pump Room, Brighton; by George Waugh and
Co., chymists to Her Mayesty, 177, Regent-street, London; and by all
spectable chymists in the kingdon.
MISREPRESENTATION.—The TEN GUINEA
SUITES, in 18 carat gold, machine made, as advertised, a
 procured at 37, Conduit-street, Bond-street. Mr. STREETER
finds it necessary to make this announcement, as sets of ornaments
stated to be of his manufacture and of 18 carat gold, are now being
offered to the public, whereas, they are in reality of a much inferior
quality. Purchasers, especially in the provinces, are therefore cau¬
tioned to have the quality of the gold stated on their invoice.—
HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co. (now Edwin W. Streeter), 37, Con¬
duit-street, five o e,
from Bond-street.
NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs respectfully to inform her customers and ladies of the nobi¬
lity her establishment will in future be CLOSED at 5 o'clock on Satur¬
pays.—92, Regent-street.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE-OFFICE: established
1857.—THOMAS BALCHIN 21 years city detective officer, is pre¬
pared to undertake PRIVATE INQUIRIES in divorce and other cases
with secrecy and despatch.—35, Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons, E.C.
ARBLE and GRANITE TOMBS, Church Tablets,
and Memorial Brasses.—INSCRIPTIONS RESTORED on
Monuments and Tombs with the IMPERISHABLE LETTERS.
Export orders.—T. GAFFIN, 63, Quadrant, Regent-street, W.
MONUMENTAL SCULPTURE.—The Carrara
Marble Works: established 1820. —Show rooms for Monuments,
Tablets, Memorial Crosses, &c., with IMPERISHABLE LETTERS
in SOLID LEAD.—T. GAFFIN, 63, Quadrant, Regent-street, W.
LONUMENTS, Tombs, and Tablets, in Granite,
Marble, or Stone.—Designs and estimates forwarded, on appli¬
cation, by W. H. BURKE and Co., Statuaries by appointment to
H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, Warwick-house, 142 and 144, Regent¬
street, and 17, Newman-Street, London.
COX and SON's CATALOGUE of MONUMENTS,
tomb rails, headstones, memoria e e
ses, &c., designed by emi¬
tnt archited.
with prices, sent for six stamps. The modern progress
of eclesiology has led to a general condemnation of the barbarous taste
Woh o
erly
ses
respect
anoed e desire for the adop¬
tion of me e ed
eet forms. The previous editions of this catalogue
having met with
many expressions of appro
taion, Mesrs ar.
So.
ave published th i s ene
ged elit on f or 186 e,
th er of
newengravings. As the designs ilustrated are executed at Messrs.o.
and Son's own workes,


onomy of production


rkmans

ox and Son, Eccle¬
sinstical War
onse and seo
Roms, 25 and 39, So.
hampton-st
et,
Strand; manufactory, Colleg
wharf, Belvedere-road, Lambeth.
