TO CAMBRIDGE.—We shall all dine at the
St. James's Restaurant.—ALPHA.
THE GENTLEMAN, a suryeyor, who spoke to a
friend in Piccadilly in October, 1860, about the journals of T. B.,
a missionary of York, would greatly oblige by WRITING. Address
C. M., Mr. Beeching's, 16, Dorset-street, Portman-square.
LOST, in the neighbourhood of Oxford-square, some
GREEN EMBROIDERED CLOTH, &c. Whoever will take
it to Mr. F. W. Nudd, stationer, 81, Connaught-terrace, Hyde-park,
shall be REWARDED.
LOST, a BILL of EXCHANGE for £1,720, drawn
by Fournier, Frères, Havre, on L. Speltz, Liverpool, dated 18th
February, accepted, payable at the London Joint-Stock Bank, 9-12,
April, 1862. Bankers, billbrokers, and others are hereby cautioned
against negotiating the same.
LOST, about 12 o'clock on Wednesday night, the
12th, a BROWN RETRIEVER DOG, white chest, white spo¬
on top of neck, and white feet: answers to the name of "Charlie."
Whoever will bring the same to the Skinners' Arms. Cobourg-street,
Clerkenwell, shall be REWARDED for the trouble. —W. SAUNDERS.
LOST (REWARD TEN SHILLINGS), a small
FLORENTINE MOSAIC, mounted as a brooch, on Thursday,
the 13th of March, in Hyde-park, in the neighbourhood of Kensing¬
ton-gardens. Whoever will bring the same to Messrs. Hunt and
Roskell, 156, New Bond-street, shall receive the above reward.
LEFT in a CAB, in Bayswater, on Saturday night,
March 8, a BLACK BAG, containing a book on America.
Whoever will bring it to 12, Orme-square, Bayswater, shall be hand¬
somely REWARDED.
TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on
Brixton-hill, on Monday evening, 3d inst., a DIAMOND RING.
Apply to Mr. Jay, post-office, Brixton-hill.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednes
day evening, a GOLD LEVER WATCH: maker's name, Bar¬
and. £5 reward will be paid on its return to Mr. Brook, jeweller,
No. 56, High-street, Southwark. No further reward will be offered.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednes¬
daay. March 12
an-square and James-street,
Oxford-street, a GOLD HUNTING WATCH, No. 6,408, with crest
and initials engraved on the back. Whoever will bring the same to 2,
Upper Seymour-street, Portman-square, shall receive the above reward.
IF the HANSOM CABMAN, who took a gentle¬
man, on Wednesday evening, at 7, from 87, Regent-street,
St. James's-place, will BRING to the latter address a HORN
WALKING-STICK, left in his cab, he shall receive ONE SOVE¬
REIGN REWARD.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Tues¬
ay evening last, between Pall-mall and Cadogan-place, a
VOLUME of MONTE CHRISTO, by Dumas, in French. It is bound
in red, and has a coat of arms and name inside the cover. Whoever
will bring the same to 68, Ground-floor, Old Broad-street, E.C., between
the hours of 10 and 4, shall receive the above reward.
THIRTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a BAG,
black leather, with brass plate, and name engraved, believed
from off a cab, late in the afternoon of Saturday, the 11th January,
somewhere between Aldersgate-street and the railway station, Water¬
loo-road. The contents were letters, some promissory notes (overdue
and not due), and other documents, worthless to any person except
the advertiser. The above sum will be paid to any person bringing
the same to Mr. C. T. Brazier, 106, Blackfriars-road, or giving such
information as shall lead to its recovery.
WILL LOST.—John Collett, formerly of Broeas
Farm, Hever, in the county of Kent, farmer, who died on or
about the 26th day of December, 1858.—Any solicitor, banker, or other
person having in his possession or custody a WILL made by the above¬
named JOHN COLLETT in the autumn of 1857, and which was at¬
tested by Thomas Doubell and William Humphrey as witnesses, or pos¬
sessing any knowledge as to where such will is to be found, is requested
to communicate without delay to the undersigned. A REWARD will
be given for the recovery of the will. When last seen the said will was
in the possession of John Collett, the younger, of Camberwell New¬
road, painter and glazier, a son of the testator, and who was the executor
or one of the executors therein named. —Dated this 20th February, 1862.
MEREDITH and LUCAS, 8, New-square, Lincoln's-inn, London.
FOUND, at Spencer, Turner, and Boldero's drapery
establishment, a HAIR RING, set in gold, with initials. The
owner can have the same by applying at 72, Lisson-grove, N.W.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—To Parish Clerks
and others.—EVIDENCE is REQUIRED of the MARRIAGE
of JOHN WILKS, solicitor, late of the Pavement and Finsbury¬
square, to MARY MULLIS, of Hackney, about the year 1795. Mr.
Wilks was the son of the Rey Matthew Wilks, of the Tabernacle,
City-road. Apply to Messrs. J. W. and W. Flower, solicitors, 17, Grace¬
church-stree.
JOHN HENRY NAINBY, Esq., deceased.—
HENRY SAWARD, who acted as the solicitor for the late John
Henry Nainby, the Impropriate Rector of Lindfield, near Brighton, in
Sussex, is requested to COMMUNICATE his address to John Neil,
Esq., Terrace, Dover, Kent. Promptness will oblige.
NOTICE.—In the Matter of Captain Harry George
Bishop, late in Her Majesty's Madras Artillery, deceased.—e.
THOMAS EDWARS BISHOP, a brother of the said Harry George
Bishop, born at Sunninghill, Berks, who left England as an able sea¬
man on board of a ship supposed to be of the name of the Adelaide, of
70 or 80 tons burden or thereabouts, and sailed from St. Katherine's
Dock, London, in 1852, bound for the Mediterranean (or, if he be
dead, his widow or children), will apply to Messrs. Wallinger and Miller,
Nos. 5 and 6, Sherborne-lane, in the city of London, they will HEAR
of SOMETHING to their ADVANTAGE.
MINNS.—FLITCROFT. —Relatives. — £200,000.—
WANTED, RELATIVES of SARAH MINNS, of St. Giles¬
in-Field, born 1700, married (1724) to HENRY FLITCROFT, of large
fortune, surveyor of public works. She had brothers and sisters. Apply
by letter to — Francis, Esq., 32, Store-street, Bedford-square.
NEXT of KIN OFFICE: established 1825.—
ROBERT CHAMBERS, (compiler of Chambers Index to Next
of Kin, &c.), 7. White Cottages, Grosvenor-street Camberwell, Lon¬
don. S. Advertisements from 1700. Fee to search for name 30 stamps.
Wills searched for.
NEXT of KIN of ROBERT SPENCER, deceased.
—Any person claiming to be the NEXT of KIN of Captain and
Brevet-Major ROBERT SPENCER, of the 25th Regiment Native
Infantry of the Indian Army, is requested to COMMUNICATE with
Messrs. Lawford and Waterhouse, of Drapers-hall, 28, Austinfriars,
London, solicitors for the Administrator-General of Bengal, stating
full particulars.
WAITE, deceased.—All persons claiming to be
CHILDREN or REPRESENTATIVES of the CHILDREN
of STEPHEN WAITE and THOMAS WAITE, and as such entitled
under the will of John Waite (the brother of the said Stephen and
Thomas Waite), of No. 29. New Church-Street, Marylehone, pinno
manufacturer, who died in 1829, and all persons who can give infor¬
mation as to the said Stephen and Thomas Waite, or as to Stephen
Waite son of the first named Stephen, are requested to COMMUNI¬
CATE with Mr. Meek, of Devizes, solicitor. Stephen Waite, the
father, was baptized at Hewish, Wilts, in 1766, and afterwards lived as
a farrier, in London. His son Stephen died in Cuthbert-street, Pad¬
dington, in 1849. Thomas Waite, a carpenter, was baptized at Hewish,
in 1768, and is supposed to have finally left that place about 50 years ago.
NORWICH CORPORATION.—Tonnage Dues.—
The Tonnage Committee of the Norwich Corporation will meet
at the Guildhall, on Thursday, the 20th of March instant, to receive
SEALED TENDERS for the HIRE, for the term of two years from
the 25th of March inst., of the TOLLS or DUTIES, payable under an
Act of Parliament of the 12th George the 1st, called the Tonnage Act,
together with the Tonnage Master's dwelling-house and office adjoin¬
ing the river, and near to Carrow-bridge, in the said city. The hirer is
to find sureties for the payment of the rent in advance, and for the
performance and observance of covenants and regulations, and the
accustomed scale of dues. Tenders will be received at my office,
Guildhall, up to 11 o'clock a.m. of the 20th March inst. The Com¬
mittee do not bind themselves to accept the highest or any tender.
By order, W. L.IENDHAM, Town Clerk.
Guildhall, Norwich, 12th March, 186.
NOTICE.—New Zealand Gazette (Province of
Taranaki).—Supcrintendent's Office, New Plymouth, Novem¬
er 6, 1861.—Whereas, by an Ordinance of the Superintendent
and Provincial Council of the province of Taranaki, entitled the
"Town of New Plymouth Consolidation Ordinance, 1859," the boun¬
daries of the town site of New Plymouth were altered and contracted,
and certain allotments situate outside the new boundaries, belonging
to residents and absentees, were re-selected from the public reserves
within the present site ; and, whereas the re-selections were conducted
according to the original order of choice attached to such allotments,
and re-selections of land were made provisionally on behalf of absentees
who were either without agents to represent them, or whose agents
were not specially authorized to act in their behalf; this is, therefore.
to give notice that all PROVISIONAL EXCHANGES of LAND will
be CONFIRMED by legal enactment (subject to any special claim for
loss or damage accruing from such re-selection), and the lands sur¬
rendered will form a part of the public reserves, in lieu of those chosen
in the new town, unless the proprietors thereof shall on or before the
31st of December, 1362, notify their disallowance of the re-selections
made.
CHARLES BROWN, Superintendent.
Agent for the Province of Taranaki, Robert Mutrie, 22, Cannon¬
street, London.
PROCLAMATION by JAMES A. R. MENZIES,
Esq., Superintendent of the Province of Southland.—Whereas his
Excellency the Governor in Council has been pleased to delegate,
under the "Diseased Cattle Act, 1861," to the Superintendent of the
rovince of Southland, the several powers vested in the Governor by
the 2d, 4th, 5th, 7th, 9th, and 10th sections of the said Act, subject to
the regulations contained in the Order in Council of 1st October, 1861;
Now, therefore, I, the said Supcrintendent, in virtue of the powers
vested in me, do hereby proclaim that the Inspector of Diseased Cattle,
at the Harbours of the Bluff and New River shall not be authorized,
until further notice, to grant any certificate to land Cattle, as provided
under the subsections (b and d) of section 4 of the said Act, to the
owner of any Cattle imported from the colony of Victoria; and I fur¬
ther appoint as quarantine ground for any cattle landed under the
provisions of subsection (d), section 4, the Peninsula on the east side of
the Bluff Harbour, known by the name of Tewai's Point; such
quarantine ground being bounded on the west by the Bluff Harbour,
on the north by the castern arm of the Bluff Harbour, and by a right
line extending due east from its eastern extremity, until it intersects
the east boundary of the Campbelltown Hundred; on the east by the
east boundary of the Campbelltown Hundred, from the said point of
intersection to the sea coast; on the south by the ocean. And I fur¬
ther appoint that any Cattle which may be landed upon such quarantine
ground shall not be removed from thence until the owner has obtained
a certificate to that effect from the said inspector.
Given under my hand and issued under the Public Seal of the pro¬
vince of Southland, at Invercargill, this 25th day of October, 1861.
—
NOTICE is hereby given, that JOHN CONDIE,
lately reviding at No. 199, Renfrew-street, Glasgow, died on 1st
November, 1860, leaving a holograph testament and relative codicils,
all dated the 10th August, 1857, whereby he appointed John Poynter,
chymist, in Glasgow, John Hamilton, ironmonger there, and William
Allan, bonded warehouse keeper there, to be his trustees and execu¬
tors for carrying out the purposes of his said testamentary writings;
that the said John Poynter, John Hamilton, and William Allan, as
trustees and executors foresaid, have raised before the Lords of
Councils and Session an action of multiplepoinding and exoneration
for the purpose of distributing the said John Condie's estate among
the parties having right thereto, and in which Allan Carsewell Wylie.
sometime clerk, now engineer and boilermaker, in Glasgow,
for himself, and as tutor and curator and administrator-in¬
Law for his son, John Condie Wylie ; and the said John Condie
Wylic for his own interest ; James Reid Stewart, merchant,
in Glasgow, as assignee of the said Allan Carsewell Wylie;
William Mann, of the Govan Bar Iron Works, Glasgow, and residing
at Inglefield near Glasgow; John Poynter, chymist, in Glasgow;
John Edgar Poynter, chymist there; Alexander Condie Birkmyre,
son of Oswald Leslie Birkmyre, London; Margaret Paton, some time
housekeeper to the said deceased John Coudie, and now or lately re¬
siding at 199, Renfrew-street, Glasgow: Mary Paton, residing in Glas¬
gow; Jean Paton, residing there: Jean Sheriff, now or lately residing in
Glasgow; Alexander Paton, Govan Iron Works, Glasgow; Alexander
Fulton, Glasgow Forge, Glasgow; John Jamieson, merchant in Glas¬
gow, treasurer, and Henry Lamond, writer, Glasgow, secretary, both
of the Glasgow Royal Infirmary incorporated by Royal Charter, and
for and on behalf of the said Infirmary; William Fleming, secretary
to the City and Suburban Gas Company, Glasgow, and residing there,
treasurer of the Old Man's Friend Society, and for and on behalf of
the said Society; William Ambrose, writer, in Glasgow, secretary to
the Andersonian University, Glasgow, and for and on behalf of the
trustees and managers of said University; and also all the parties
whom the said trustees and executors could discover or suppose to be
the next of kin of the said deceased John Condie are called as de¬
fenders: in which action Lord Ardmillan, Ordinary (Mr. Skene, clerk),
has pronounced the following INTERLOCUTOR:—
4th March, 1862. —Lord Ardmillan, Act Millar Alt.
"The Lord Ordinary, on the motion of the raisers, appointed the
dependence of the process to be intimated in the following newspapers,
viz, the North British Advertiser, the Scotsman, and Courant, pub¬
lished in Edinburgh; the Glasgow Herald and North British Daily
Mail, published in Glasgow: the Fife Herald, published in Cupar: the
Stirling Observer, published in Stirling; The Times, published in Lon¬
don; the Scottish American Journal, New York: the Montreal Herald
Quebec Chronicle, Toronto Globe, and Halifax Morning Chronicle, all
published in America; and that twice in each newspaper, at the dis¬
tance of 14 days between each insertion, in order that all parties claim¬
ing an interest in the fund in medio may be certiorated thereof: and
renews the order on all such parties to lodge their condescendences
and claims on or before the 20th day of May next.
(Signed)
"JAS. CRAUFURD."
Of ell which intimation is hereby given.
ALEX. CASSELS. W.S., Edinburgh.) Agents for the Pur¬
BLACK and HONEYMAN, Writers,
se e ea real
L
Raisers
CROYDON MONTHLY STORE STOCK-MAR¬
KET.—Whereas the want of a store or lean stock market in this
neighbourhood has long been felt,—at a meeting of farmers, cattle
dealers, and others, it wan unanimously agreed that such store or lean
stock market should be held on the first Thursday in every month, in
conjunction with the present fat stock-market. Notice is hereby
given, that a MARKLT for the SALE of STORE or LEAN STOCK
will be held on Thursday, the 3d day of April next, at 12 o'clock, at the
present cattic-market, and that such market will continue to be held
on the first Thursday of each succeeding month. Croydon, Feb. 27,
