NIP.—Mon corps souffre, mais il sauve mon ame.—ST.
Have RECEIVED all the PAPERS quite safe.—
T. B.
EDWARD B.—I have been nearly dead. Must see
you this week. All has been disclosed. Meet me, usual place,
P. S. the day after this, 12 to 1 o'clock, or next train down to H. Meet
me there.
IF W. B. GIRDLESTONE, who served his articles
with Messrs. Taylor, Roscoe, and Turner, Bedford-row, will for¬
ward his ADDRESS to G. A. Dunn, Whi Whi, North Shore, Sydney,
N.S.W., he will oblige old friends.
BATES and SON, organ builders, Ludgate-hill;
Baxtor, William James, Omega-torrace, Regent's-park; Bean¬
champ, James Warwick Hotel, Redhill; Gray, Heury, livery stables,
Earl-Street, Blackfriars; Jones, Frederick, furrier, Blackman-street,
Borough; Matthews, John, laundryman, Walworth-common. If the
above PARTIES, or their representatives, will APPLY to Mr. John
Wills, 53, Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons, E.C. they will hear of some¬
thing to their advantage.
LONDON HOSPITAL, Whitechapel-road, E., 21st.
June, 1871.—The House Con
ACKNOW.
LEDGE RECEIPT of a BANK of ENGLAND NOTE for £
No. 68574 being a donation from C
WM. J. NIXON, House Governor and Secretary.
LOST, at the Caledonian Ball, Willis's Rooms, 19th
June, a GOLD LOCKET, with large amethyst in the contre, set
round with white coral. Whoever will return the same to 6, Glouce.
ter-square, Hyde-park, shall be REWARDED
LOST, on Saturday evening, 17th inst., either in a cab
or at the Vandeville Theatre, a GOLD BRACELET, chased
(without any stones). REWARD will be given if returned to 5, Lan¬
caster-street, Lancaster-gate.
LOST, at the Crystal Palace, on Monday June 19th,
a PAIR of IVORY and GOLD OPERA GLASSES, in green
leather case ; coronet and initials on glasses and case. Whoever will
take the same to Messrs. Henningham and Hollis, 5, Mount-street, W.,
shall receive TWO POUNDS REWARD.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 6th
instant, a BLACK BAG, containing £800 Turkish Bonds and
sundry coupons, payable July, 1871. The numbers of all the above are
known and payment stopped. Any person detaining them after this
notice is lnable to prosecution. No furthor reward will be offered.
Apply to T. Smith, Founder's-court, Lothbury, E.C.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday
night, the 19th inst., between Maddox-street and the Prince of
Wales's Theatre, or at the Theatre, a LADYS GOLD HORIZONTAL
WATCH, with engraved case, and name of John Caney, 53, Cheapside,
London, on dome. Whoever takes it to Mr. Caney, 53, Cheapside,
shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—Supposed to have been
LEFT in a Hansom CAB, Tuesday afternoon, taken from Cannon¬
street corner, King William-street, to King-Street, Willis's Rooms,
TWO SMALL, PARCELS; one square, the other rolled un,
wrapped in pale yellow paper sealed with red wax, with initials A.M.
Contents, buginess papers of no value to anyone except owner. W
ever will take the same to Mr. Moreau, 5, Chancery-lane, shall recolv
thetabove reward.
FOUND, by a poor lad, a DIAMOND BROOCH.
Anyone having lost same please address George Attenborough,
silversmith, 193, Fleet-street.
FOUND, an OVERCOAT; also a Bunch of Keys,
&c., on the 19th inst. The owner can have the same by describing
the above and addressing a line to A. B., Mr. Key's, stationer, 7, Bishop's¬
road, Paddington.
IN the Matter of the Charity known as the HACKNEY
THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY and SOCIETY for the PROPAGA¬
TION of the GOSPEL, usually called the Village Itmerancy or Evan¬
gelical Association for the P.opagation of the Gospel, which Charity is
administered in the parish of Hackney, in the county of Middlesex,
and elsewhere.—By direction of the Board of Charity Commissioners
for England and Wales, notice is hereby given, that the Trustees of the
abovementioned Charity propose (with the authority of the said Board)
to GRANT A LEASE of the PROPERTY belonging to the said Charity.
mentioned in the subjoined schedule, for the term of fifty-one years, at
the annual rent of £152, unless some sufficient objection to the grant of
such lease shall be made known to the said Commissioners within 21
days from the first publication of this notice. Further particulars re¬
specting the proposed lease may be ascertained by inquiry from Messrs.
Smith, Stenning, and Croft, solicitors, 70a, Aldermanbury, London,
E.C. Any person prepared to notify such objection should forthwith
transmit the same to the said Commissioners in writing, addressed to
their Secretary, No. 8, York-street, St. James-square, London,

A plece of land on which a brewery and other buildings have beer
erected, situats at Stockwell-green, in the county of Surrey, now beld
on lease from the said Charity for a term of 74 years from Lady-day,
1848, at an annual rent of £84 (which lease it is proposed shall be sur¬
rendered), together with a pioce of land and two houses and other
buildings on the north-west side, and partly in the rear thereof. —Dated
the eighth day of June, 1871.	HENRY M. VANE, Secretary.
IN CHANCERY.—In the Matter of the Act for better
Securing Trust Funds and for the Relief of Trustees, and in the
Matter of the TRUSTS of the WILL of SARAH CAVELL, deceased.
—The Account of Residue.—Pursuant to an Order of His Honour
the Vice-Chancellor Sir John Stuart made in these matters and
dated the 10th day of March, 186.
eesee

claim to be a CHILD or CHILDREN of WILLIAM CURLING, a son
of Sarah Cavell, the widow of William Cavell, late of Deal, in the
county of Kent, England, carpenter, living on the 26th Novembor, 1862
(the time of the death of the said Sarah Cavell), or any issue then living
of any child or children of the said William Curling who were then
dead, or his, her, or their legal personal representative or representa¬
tives, are, on or before the 16th day of November, 1871, to come in and
make out his, her, or their claim or claims, as such child, children, issue,
o representative or representatives, before the Vice-Chancellor
Wickens, at his chambers, No. 12, Old-buildings, Lincoln's-inn, London.
England; or, in default thereof, they will be peremptorily excluded
from all benefit to which they may be entitied under the aforesaid
order. Thursday, the 30th day of November, 1871, at 1 of the clock in
the afternoon, at the said chambers of the said Judge, is appointed for
adjudicating on the said claims. All persons coming in under this ad¬
vertisement are respectively, on or before the 16th day of November,
1871, to send to Messieurs Wood, Street, and Hayter, No. 6, Raymond¬
buildings, Gray's-inn, London aforesaid, notice of the evidence in
tended to be usod by them in support of their claims. —Dated this lath

ALFRED HALL, Chief Clerk.
NOOD, STREET. & HAYTER, 6, Raymond-buildings, Gray's¬
inn, London, W.C., A
ats for Fielding & Greenhow, of Dover,
Kent. Solicitors.
INTIMATION is hereby given, that, in terms of the
Interlocutor after-mentioned, an Action of Multiplepninding and
Exoneration has been raised in the Court of Session in Scotland, and
is presehtly depending before Lord Gifford, Ordinary Mr. Shield.




ALEXANDER NICHOLSON, writer, Cupar, execu¬
tors appoiuted by the deceased Miss  e
UNCAN, of Balchryatie,
in the county of Fife, by disposition and settlement dated 2d Septem¬
ber. 1867, and recorded in the Sheriff-Court books of Fifeshire the 13th
day of December of said yeae e e
No  n nominal raisers against
DAVID SALMOND, manufact er
Islelane-rottage, Hawkhill,
Dundee, and other parties therein named and designed real raisers;
and Miss ISAEELLAGA 
Claypots Wynd, Perth, and others,
defenders—concluding that it should be found that the pursuers are
only llable in once and single payment of the residue of the moveable
estate and effects which belonged to the said Mis Anne Duncan, with
interest thereon, so far as the same have been recovered by them, and
that to the persons who may have just right thereto ; and also conclud¬
ing that, for determining who ate such persons, the several persons
therein named, defenders, and all others pretending to have right
thereto, ought to produce their respective righis and titles, or other
interests, in the said moveable estate and eflects, and dispute their
preferences thereto; and, further, conclusing that the pursuers
should be decerned and ordained to make payment of what sum
shall remain in their hands after retention of the expenses therem re¬
ferred to, to such of the defenders or others as may be found to have
best right thereto, and that thereupon the pursuers shouid be exonered
and discharged of the office of executors under the said disposition and
settlement, and of their whole management and intromissions had in
virtue thereof, and be declared quit thereof, and free therefrom, in all
tie  e e

who shall be found to have no
right to the fund in medio, and all others, ought and should be de¬
cerned and ordained to desist and cease from further troubling the
pursuers with respect to the premises in time coming: the summons in
which action was signeted on 1st March, 1871.
ba ed initimation is
the er hereby given, that, in said action, the
said

ord, ordinary,
ono
pleased to
st
CUTOR on the 18th day of May, 1871, whereby his Lordship, inter alia,
Ap oouteth
ppendence of the said action to be advertin
oe once
weekly for four weeks, in this newre,
ta e  e a l l aer,
claiming to have, any right or interest in the moveable estate and
effects which belouged to the said Mits Anne Duncan, are hereby re¬
quir.
to appear and make their claims in
addaction.
EBURN. HENDE
SON, 4 WILSON.
S.C., 4 e.
  .

n, Agents of surviving Executor of the said deceased,
Apne Duncan.
IN the PRIVY COUNCIL.—In the Matter of the
PETITION of FREDERICK HALE HOLMES for a PROLONGA¬
TION of the TERM of the LETTERS PATENT, granted to him for
the invention of "Improvements in Magneto-Electric Machines,"
bearing date the 14th day of October, 1857.—Notice is hereby given, that
their Lordships the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council have ap¬
pointed Monday, the 27th day of November, 1871, at 11 o'clock a.m., for
hearing the matter of the above petition.
J. HENRY JOHNSON, 47, Lincoln's-inn-fields, Soliciton.
the Petitioner.
FOREST-GATE SCHOOL DISTRICT.—1, the
undersigned Thomas Wrake Ratcliff, Attorney-at-Law, Auditor
of the abovenamed District, do hereby give notice that I have appointed
the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the said School District for the
half-year onded 25th March, 1871, to commence on Wednesday, the 5th
day of July, 1871, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, at the Poplar Union
Workhouse, High-street, Poplar, when and where all persons who
law are bound to account at such Audit are required to attend, and to
submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers, containing or relating
to the accounts of the said School District. —Dated the 20th day of June,
(Signed)	THOS. W. RATCL  e,
1811.
teei e t¬
tor.
AZENBYS HARVEYS SAUCE.—In Chancery
William Lazenby v. John Atkinson White, carrying on business
tunder the style of Marshall and White, at Tavistock-house Covent
arden.—Notice is hereby given, that a Deoree for a PERPETUA
INJUNCTION was, on the 15th day of November last, GRANTED
by the Master of the Rolis (which has since been confirmed on appeal
by the Lords Justices), restraining the defendant, his servants and
agents from selling any Hervey's Sance not made by the plaintiif, and
purporting to be the original Lazenby's Harvey's Sance, and from puo¬
lishing any advert sement representing the defendant to be the pro¬
prietor of the original Lazenby's Harvey's Sauce, and from selling any
sauce purporting to be Harvey's Sance, prepared by Elizabeth Lazenby
and Sons, or by any successor to E. Lazenby and Sona, or at 6. Ed¬
wards-street, Portman-square, London, or contained in bottles to
which any lables are affixed similar to those used by the said William
Lazenby, or so expressed as by colorable imitation or otherwise to re¬
presont the sauce sold by the defendant to be the same as the Harvey's
Sance prepared and sold by the said William Lazenby; and notice is
hereby further giren, that legal proceedings will forthwith be taken
against all persons whe, after the date hereof, shall in any similar man¬
ner infringe the rights of the said Wihiam Lasenby, the succesor to
Lazenby and Son, of 6. Edwards-street, Portman-square, now
No. 92, Wigmore-street, London.
C. F. SMITH, 15, Golden-square, Plaintiff's Solicitor.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this colebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label, used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazeuby.
CAUTION.—CHUBBS LOCKS and SAFES can
be obtained in London only from Chubb and Son, makers to the
ueen and tha Bank of England, 57, St. Paul's churchyard, E.C.
CAUTION.—Ladies are informed that the only bona
fide improvements in LADIES SADDLES for hunting, India,
and colonies have been made and resistered by Messrs. LANGDON,
Duke-street, Manchester-square, London. No agents
CAUTION.—In consequence of mistakes the public
are cautioned that the PURNITURE STORE WAREHOUSES,
BAKER-STREET BAZAAR, are situate within the Baker-street
Bazaar, and that there is no branch establishment.—Store Warehouses,
Baker-street Bazaar. Entrancee in Baker-street and King-street.—
JOHN HANES, Mannger.
CAUTION. —Betts' Patent Capsules.—The public are
respectfully cautioned that BETTS PATENT CAPSULES are
being INFRINGED by importations from abroad. Betts' name in
upon every capsule he makes for leading merchants at home and
abroad.—1, Wharf-road, City-road, London, April 8, 1869, and Bor¬
deaux France
CAUTION.—Messrs. HANCOCKS and Co.,
Goldsmiths, Jewellers, and Silversmiths to the Queen, the Prince
and Princess of Wales, and the principal Courts of Eurone, &c.
regret being compellef to CAUTION the public that their BUSINESS,
established by Mr. C. F. Hancock, is only CARRIED ON at the same
address, No. 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of Bond-street, W.
CAUTION to PURCHASERS of WM. YOUNGER
and Co.'s ALES in CASK and BOTTLE. Each label has Wm.
Younger and Co.'s signature and trade mark, without which none are
gusranted genuine. Beware of other brands being substituted.—
Brewories, Edinburgh: London offices, Belvedere-road, S.E.
CAUTION.—Mr.STREETER (late Hancock and Co.,
Limited), Goldsmith and Diamond Merchant, sole introducer
of 18-carat GOLD JEWELLERY, machine made, respectfully informs
the public that his only ADDRESS is 37, Conduit-street, leading from
Bond-street, W., and that at no other address can this universs
known jewellery be obtaine.
CAUTION.—lec Safes or Refrigerators.—The new
DUPLEX REFRIGERATOR, combining every modern im¬
provement, registered 17th March, 1839.—Notice is bereby given, that
proceedings will be taken against any one INFRINGING upon the

the e e te,
stration by the sole makers, the
WENHAM LAKE ICE C o
PANY, 125, Strand, London, W.C.
(corner of Savoy-street).
AUST
NN —e n.
toe ents in Ice Safes.—Mr. Ash,

celebrated Piston Freezing Mach.

recent.
patented an ICE SAFE, tormed the
ering Rtrigerator.
which
toe e es important advantas
not to be obtained by the use of
any others, vendors of the most ordinary refrigerators are now afopt¬
ing a similar title, therefore it becomgs necessary to give public nott
that Mr.Ash's Patent can only be procuire
fo .
FREEZ¬
ING MEA 
E and 10.
COMPANY, 314, 3150, Oxford-street,
(near Harewood-gate).
