UPUS.—RECEIVED. Call soon.
FAITHFUL and TRUE. In Deo spes mea. Un¬
WRITE
 and B.—30th. Many happy returns of the day.
Why so silent? Ever the same.
WHITBY R. H.—Have not forgotten. WRITE to
J. K. N., post-office, 10, Poultry, E.C., giving your name and
 It is quite safe.
.2. 9.—It is really of importance that I should hear
from or see you soon. I promise to comply with your wishes.—
See The Times, September 1st.
W. MAYBORN.—Your letter, dated July 30,
contained no address. The previous letter you mention was
never received. I am anxious to know what you want. Your wishes

s... Telegraph immediately.
DEAR BUFF.—I am one with you in hope, love,
and effort. The £2,000 duly received. Mr. C. has written me,
he feels most kindly toward you. SEND me your ADDRESS at once.
I wrote you before on receipt of your first.—
D.
DEAR BUFF.—I freely forgive, am one with you
in hope, love, and effort. The £2,000 was received by Mr. C.
He has written me, and feels more kindly towards you. Send me
your address at once. I wrote you before on receipt of your first.
You may expect a letter addressed J. L. M.
JOHN HAMPTON, formerly servant with the late
Captain Webb, 17th Lancers, by applying at 14, Beaufort-buildings,
Strand, will HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE.
IF this should MEET the EYE of GEORGE
WHATTON, block and mast maker of Liverpool, he is requested
to WRITE to his brother, William Whatton, 11, St. Anne-street,
DENMARK.—Miss JANE HASSEN or LEWIS,
who married Mr. Cook, a farmer, from Caiama, and left Sydney
Australia) about five years ago, is requested to FORWARD her AD¬
DRESS to Mrs. Theodore Sorensen, 24, Aabenraa, Copenhagen, Den¬
mark. If any friends of Mrs. Cook should happen to see this adver¬
tisement they will greatly oblige by directing her attention to it.—
Copenhagen, July, 186
DASHWOOD.—WANTED, by the Executors to
the late Mary Elizabeth Dash ood, the present ADDRESS of
her NEPHEW and NIECE, left by ner brother William Dashwood,
deceased, who died about the year 1834 or 1835. Any friends of the
above named who can give information which will lead to finding out
their present address, or the locality in which they have been living,
will oblige by communicating (by letter only) to R. J. M., care of Mr.
Steel, news agent, 2, Spring-gardens, S.W.
—
LOST (supposed to be left in a cab), on Monday, 3d
inst., a BROWN MIXTURE OVERCOAT, with a meerschaum
pipe by Inderwick in pocket. Whoever will bring the same to
No. 122, Pall-mall, shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
LOST, on the 1st inst., a GOLD RING (four opals,
small diamond in centre). Supposed to have been left in the
ladies waiting room, at the Paddington Station. TEN SHILLINGS
REWARD to any one returning it to the Superintendent of the Pad¬
dington Station.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday,
the 3d Septemher, at Southampton, or during the journey by 11.35
train to or in London, or at the Waterloo-Station, a DIAMOND, dropped
from a ring. Five Pounds Reward will be paid to any person bringing
the same to Messrs. M. F. Dent and Co., 33, Cockspur-Street, Cha¬

BLACK LEATHER BAG LOST—Great Western
Railway, Oxford.—A handsome REWARD will be given by the
owner for its recovery. It was taken in mistake with luggage belong¬
ing to four gentlemen from Paddington (3.40, first-class) to Oxford
Saturday, 25th August. Has on it a "Euston" label, and "H"
scratched on brass lock. Communications respecting it to station¬
masters, Oxford or Birmingham.
TO CABDRIVERS and others. —LEFT in a CAB,
taken from the rank in King-Street, Cheapside, to Finsbury-square,
between the hours of 8 and 9 on Monday vening, a small BLACK
LEATHER BAG (locked). Whoever will return the same to Mr.
Holt, 63, St. Paul's churchyard, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
SUPPOSED to be TAKEN in MISTAKE, on the
arrival of the Manchester Excursion Train at Euston Station,
about 5.30 p.m., on the 3d inst., a JAPANNED TIN BOX, addressed
Mrs. Taylor, passenger to London. Whoever will return the same to
Euston Station, or 6, Belmont-terrace, Wandsworth-road, Vauxhall,
shall be remunerated and have their own box in exchange.
FOUND, on August 11th, a BLACK RETRIEVER
DOG. Owner can have the same by paying expenses of keep,
and giving description, on application at the dining rooms, 16, Dorset¬
street, Pimlico. If not claimed within 14 days will be SOLD to pay
expenses.
NOTICE.—I Mr. GRAHAM, late of Clapham, does
NOT FETCH AWAY the HORSE and PHAETON, which
wereleft at the King's Head livery stables, on the 24th of May, on or
before Sept. 10, the same will be SOLD to pay the expenses thereof.—
By order of J. T. Berryman.
MEIRS WANTED.—INFORMATION, extending
over 100 years, can be furnished respecting British, colonial,
and foreign PROPERTIES standing UNCLAIMED.—RICHARDS's
foreign agency, 10, Gloucester-street, Queen-square, W.C. Wills
searched for. Property recovered on commissi
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Redug¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £46 7s. 4d., Consolidated £3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of JULIA BUTTER¬
FIELD, of Pancras-lane, London, widow, and which was transferred to
the said Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends thereon having
remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1855;—Notice is hereby given,
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to Thomas Maltby,
the husband, administrator of Julia Maltby, deceased, formerly Butter¬
field, widow, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
SURNAME.—The hereafter subscribed will AS¬
SUME and TAKE from this date the ADDITIONAL SUR¬
ONAME of EMMERSON, and will sign his name thus—EBENEZER
EMMERSON HARDING.—Sept. 5, 1866
NOTICE is hereby given, in pursuance of the Act of
Parliament 7 Will. IV. and 1 Vict., cap 73, intituled "An Act for
better Enabling Her Majesty to Confercertain Powers and Immunities
on Trading and other Companies" (section 32), that an APPLICA¬
TION has been made to Her Majesty in Council, by the PENINSU¬
LAR and ORIENTAL STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANY, for the
GRANT to the said Company of LETTERS PATENT or a SUP¬
PLEMENTARY CHARTER, to authorize the said Company to in¬
crease the present share capital thereof by an amount not exceeding
1,000,000 sterling. And notice is hereby further given, that such appli¬
cation has been referred by Her Majesty in Council to the Committee
of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations. —Dated this 21st day of
August, 1866.	M'LEOD, STENNING, and WATNEY, Solicitors
for the said Company.
TO SHIPOWNERS, Shipbuilders, Exporters, Sail¬
makers, &c.—The GOUROCK ROPEWORK COMPANY beg
to intimate that they have REGISTERED the following as their
TRADE MARK, viz:—Al, with the words Trade Mark above, and
enclosed in a triangle. This mark will henceforth be stamped on the
outside of each bolt of sailcloth they manufacture. On their "extra" or
first quality of cloth, it will also be stamped on the red stripe every
12 feet apart, in addition to the letters G. R. Co. hitherto used. A.
blue stripe in centre of the bolt will henceforth be a distinguishing
feature in their bleached or second quality of sailcloth. They subjoin
a note of their warehouses and agencies where their cloth can be
obtained.
Warehouses—Greenock, Cross-shore-street; Port-Glasgow, Bay-street;
Glasgow, 56, Clyde-place; Liverpool, 8, Cooper's-row; Hull, 16, Wel¬
lington-street.
Agencies—London, Samuel Sadler, 24, Ironmonger-lane; Vegesack
and Bremerhaven, H. Wehmann.
Greenock, 27th August, 1860.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 3,436.—The MARY ANNE, John Balley, Master.—
Whereas a cause has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty
of England on behalf of John Balley, of Newport, in the county of
Monmouth, master mariner, master of the brigantine or vessel Mary
Anne, against the said vessel, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and
the freight due for the transportation of the cargo now or lately laden
therein; and whereas the said vessel is now lying at Newport aforesaid
under arrest, by virtue of a warrant issued from the Registry of the
said Court, and no appearance has been entered in the said cause, this
is to give notice to all persons who have or claim to have any RIGHT,
title, or interest in the said VESSEL, that if an appearance in the said
cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court within six days
from the publication of this notice the Judge of the said Court will
order the said vessel to be sold to answer the claims instituted or to be
instituted against the same, or make such order in the premises as to
him shall seem right. —Dated the 4th day of September, 1866.
H. C. ROTHERY, Reg.
Notice of Sale of Ship taken out by R. Addams, No. 10, Great Knight¬
rider-street. Doctors'-commons, London.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 123. —Jamaica Farm,
Moor's Farm, and Brick Farm Estates, Leigh and Great Mal¬
vern, Worcestershire.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th
Victoria chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the application of
JOHN VINCENT HORNYOLD, of Blackmore-park, in the county
of Worcester, Esquire, and THOMAS CHARLES HORNYOLD, of
the same place, an infant, by William Langdale, his guardian, the
Registrar intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from
the date hereof, to REGISTER, with an indefeasible title, the HERE¬
DITAMENTS called or known as Jamaica Farm, Moor's Farm, and
Brick Farm Estates, in the parishes of Leigh and Great Malvern, in
the county of Worcester, containing 143a. 3r. 36p. or thereabout, in the
tenures or occupations of James Allen, Thomas Morgan, Henry Dawes,
and others, and delineated on the map No. 123, deposited in the
Office of Land Registry, as part of the description of the same here¬
ditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with the mines and
minerals under the same (except lead and tin and Royal mines
under such parts as were formerly cailed Malverne Chase). If any
person objects to, or desires to show cause against, such registration, or
claims that the same should be subject to any couditions or reservations,
or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not
already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on
the register, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of
the said three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by
affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection to or to show cause against,
or to make such claim in respect of, such registration. But any person
desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing,
stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto,
in the said office, before the expiration of the said three months
otherwise he will be excluded from making the same. The aforesaid
map may be inspected at the said office at any time before the ex¬
piration of the said three months. — Dated this 8th day of September, 1866.
D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
WILLIAM TAUNTON, Solicitor to the Applicant.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 353.—Court's-hill Farm,
and Hongar-hill Estate, Thursley Surrey.—In the Matter of the
Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53 notice is hereby given,
that on the application of the Rev. WILLIAM HENRY PARSON,
of Linchmere, in the county of Sussex, clerk, the Registrar intends,
at the expiration of three calendar months from the date hereof to
REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS
called or known as Court's-hill Farm and Hongar-hill Estate, in the
parish of Thursley in the county of Surrey, containing 74a. 2r. 27p.,
or thereabout, partly in hand and partly in the tenures or occupations
of Robert Puttick, Edmund Moorey, Thomas White, Allen Chandler,
and Mrs. F. Stevens, comprising Hongar-hill Farm and Court's-hill
Farm, exclusive of the cottages known as Shepherd's-hill-cottages or
Court's-hill-cottages, and which said hereditaments are delineated on
the map No. 353, deposited in the Office of Land Registry as part of the
description of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, to¬
gether with the mines and minerals under the same. If any person ob¬
jects to, or desire to show cause against, such registration, or claims that
the same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or
that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not
already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on
the register, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the
said three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affi¬
davit or otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against,
or to make such claim in respect of, such registration. But any person de¬
siring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing,
stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto,
in the said Office, before the expiration of the said three months, other¬
wise he will be excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map
may be inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration
of the said three months. —Dated this 6th day of September, 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
GEORGE JOHN PARSON, Solicitor to the Applicant.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 354.—Part of Courts-hill
Estate, Thursley, Surrey.—In the matter of the Act of 25th and
26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the application
of the Reverend WILLIAM HENRY PARSON, of Linchmere, in
the county of Sussex, clerk, the Registrar intends, at the expiration of
three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an
indefeasible TITLE the TENEMENTS forming part of Courts-hill
Estate, in the parish of Thursley, in the county of Surrey, containing
2r. 10p. or thereabout, in the tenures or occupations of Thomas Skilton
and Thomas Upfold, formerly known as Shepherd's-hill Cottages
and delineated on the map No. 354, deposited in the Office of
Land Registry as part of the description of the same tenements,
and thereon edged with red. If any person objects to or desires to
show cause against, such registration, or claims that the same
should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any
particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved
or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the register,
such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34.
Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said
three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit
or otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against, or
to make such claim in respect of, such registration. But any person
desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in
writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address
thereto, in the said office, before the expiration of the said
three months, otherwise he will be excluded from making the
same. The aforesaid map may be inspected at the said office at any
time before the expiration of the said three months. —Dated this 6th
day of September, 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT. Chief Clerk.
GEORGE JOHN PARSON, Solicitor to the Annlicant."
