Bar L. A, is implored to have mercy and forgive, and
to listen to one who has no hope but in her.
D.—What am I to do? I shall be homeless in a few
days. Uunless I hear from you at once all will be lost. You
surely will not let it come to this
NOTICE.—Mrs. ANN HAYTER, formerly FUR¬
LONGER, late of East Cowes, in the lsle of Wight, deceased
—RELATIVES of the deceased are requested to COMMUNICATE
with Messrs. Damant and Sons, Solicitors, Cowes, Isle of Wight.
JUF den Antrag des hiesigen Advocaten Dr. juris
Robert Peacock fur dieWITTWE des Bilchsenfabrikanten CARL
AUGUST FISCHER, Juliana Dorothea Wilhelnnme geb. Hagen¬
strom hieselbst wird hiedurch:—(ll zur bffentlichen Kunde gebracht.
dass der Kaufmann Carl Friedrich Heinrich (alias Carl Peter
Heinrich) Fischer, ein ehelicher Sohn des weiland hiesigen Bchsen¬
machers Carl August Fischer und der Implorantin am 12, November 1874.
in Lourenco Marques in Afrika angeblich unverheirathet verstorben
ist, und werden (2) alle Diejenigen, weiche an seinen Nachlass
NAEHERE ERBRECHTE, als die Implorantin als Mutter des
Erblassers geltend zu machen im Stande sind, aufgefordert und
schuldig ergannt, ihre Ansprilche binnen Jahres und Tages, also
splitestens bis zum 18, Marz 1830, bel dem Stadt-und Landgerichte
hieselbst, und zwar Auswiirtige durch einen hiesigen Bevollmnfichtigten
geltend zn machen, unter dom Rechisnachtheile, dass sie andern¬
falls mit thren Erbanspruchon ansgeschlossen und der Nachlass der
Implorantin Juliana D. rothea Wilbelmine geo. Hagenstrom, ver¬
wittweten Fischer zugesprochen werden soll.
Lubeck, den 31. Januar 1879.
Das Stadt und Landgericht.
Zur Beglaubigung FUNK Dr., Act.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE IRELAND
Probate and Matrimonial Division To ALEXANDER HONG
of Baltimore in the United States of America the brother and Exc¬
cutor and Residuary Legates of Charles Hogg late of Rathmullan in
the County of Down farmer Take Notice that a CITATION issued
under the seal of the Probate Division of the High Court of Justice
in Ireland dated the 26th day of May 1879 whereby you are cited to
appear within 30 days after the publication of this notice and bring in
and leave in the Principal Registry of the said Court the alleged last
will of Charles Hogg late of Rathmulian in the County of Down
farmer deceased wherein you are appointed Executor and Residuary
Legatee and prove said will in solemn form of law or otherwise to
show cause why the same should not be revoked and the said will pro¬
nounced null and invalid Dated this 27th day of May 1879
M. KEATINGE Registrar.
NELSON  GARDNER Soirs for Joseph Hogg 30 Bachelorn
Walk Dublin and Downpatrick
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand, W. C.
—The Treasurers thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEI
of £5 5s. from the Right Mon, the Lord Tenterden, K.C.B., to be re¬
peated annually.—HENRY WOOLCOTT, Sec.
LOST, a SUM of MONEY, in notes of the Bank of
England. Any one returning the same to the Manager of the
lington Hotel, Cork-street, shall be suitably REWARDED.
PUISE LOST, Thursday ured moroceo), contaming
ticket for watch, &c. Money may be kept as a REWARD for
returning purse (vained highly) to Straker's, 53, Ludgate-hill.
TO BANKERS, Bill Discounters, and others.—
LOST, through the post, on the 7th inst., a LETTER, containing
two acceptances, not endorsed, drawn by C. E. Hencke on Sargood,
Son, and Co., anddue Dec. 19th, 1879, for £724 14s. 5d. and £684 17s. 8d.
respectively. Notice is hereby given, that payment of the said
acceptances has been stopped at the London and Westminster Bank,
Lothbury. Apply to Sargood, Son, and Co, 20, Philip-lane, London¬
wall, E.C
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 30th
ultimo, in the Fulham-road, near the Queen's-eim, a BLACK¬
and- TAN KING CHARLES SPANIEL BITCH. The above reward
will be given to any one taking the dog to 46, Onslow-square, South
Kensington, within a week from this date. No further reward will be
offered. 14h June, 1879.
IOG FOUND.—The owner may have it by giving a
proper description and paying expenses. Apply to R. O., 211, St.
John's-street, Clerkenwell.
METROPOLITAN POLICE OFFICE.—STOPPED,
when offered in pledge, a GOLD BROOCH, chased and set
with turquoise. Applicacion to be made at the Prisoners' Property
office, Great Scotland-yard.—June 13th, 1879.
NOLDIERS BALANCES UNCLAIMED.—In pur¬
suance of the "Regimental Debts Acrs, 1863," notice is hereby
given, that Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War
Department has avallabie, for DISTRIBUTION amongst the Next of
Kin or othors entitled, the SUM of MONEY set opposire to the name
of each of the deceased soldiers named in the list which is published
with this notice in the London Gazette and the Army List, and is also
to be seen at the Quarters of the several Staff Officers for the Pension
Service throughout the United Kingdom.
Applications from persons supposing themselves entitled as Next of
Kin should be addressed by letter to the Under Secretary of State,
War Office, London, S.W., and marked outside "Soldiers' Effects."
No application can be attended to which does not state the date
and place of the soldier's birth, enlistment, and death, and the name
of his regiment ; his regimental number should also be stated if
known.
Should these particulars furnished by the applicant not agree with
the facts recorded on the War Office nocuments relating to the de¬
ceased soldier, the applicant will be so informed; but should they
agree therewith, then within three calendar months the Secretary of
State will furnish the applicant with the usual requirements needed
for the proof of the alleged relationship.
The application must be authenticated by the signature of the appli¬
cant, and his name should be affixed in the presence of the clergyman
or one of the churchwardens of the parish, or a Justice of the Peace.
The applicant's address, with the name of the post town, must also be
clearly stated. No personal application can receive attention.
Further lists will from time to time be published, and therefore it
will facilitate the applicant's inquiries to give the number and date of
the notice in which the deceased soldier's name appeared.—Effects,
1878-9.
By order of the said Princinal Secretary,
RALPH THOMPSON.
Note.—A copy of this notice is to be seen at the Quarters of the
several Staff Officers for the Pension Service throughout the United
Kingdon.
List CXVI, of the names of soldiers deceased since 1865, whose
personal estate is heid by the Secretary of State for War for distribu¬
tion amongst the next of kin or others entitied.
THE ARTIZANS' and LABOURERS' DWEL¬
LINGS IMPROVEMENT ACT. 1875.—The Metropolis (Great
Wild-street, &c.) Improvement Provisional Orders Confirmation Act.
1877.—WHITECROSS-STRLET (ST. LUKE'S IMPROVEMENT
SCHEME.) Arbitrator's Provisional Award.—In pursuance of the
Artizans' and Labourers' Dwellings' Improvement Act, 1879, and the
Metropolis (Great Wild-street, &c.) Improvement Provisional Orders
Confirmation Act, 1877, 1, the undersigned, the Arbitrator appointed
by Her Majesty's cecretary of State for the Home Department to
assess the compensation to be paid under the said Acts, do
hereby give notice that 1 have made my provisional award, and that a
copy thereof has been deposited at the office of the Mstropolitan
Board of Works, Spring-gardens, S.W., being the offices of the Local
Authority under the said Act.
And I further give notice that I have appointed Friday, the 18th
day of July next, at 10.30 a.m., to hear object ons (if any) to such
award, at the Surveyors' Institute, 12, Great George-street, West¬

Dersons proposing to appeal are requested to forward a statement of
their objections to me, at my office, 45, Parlament-street, West¬
minster, on or before Saturday, the 5th day of July next.
Dated this 6th day of June, 1879.
HENRY A. HUN
IN the CONJOINED ACTIONS of MULTIPLE¬
POINDING, Deciarator, and Approval of Accounts originally
raised at the instance of RICHARD DENNISTOUN CAMPBELL,


STRUTHERS FINLAY, Esq., of
Castle Toward; MUNGO CAMPBELL, Junior, Esq., Merchaut in
Glasgow; and Mrs. CHRISTIANA ALSTON CAMPBELL or
MEIKLAM, Widow of the late James Meikiam, Esq., of Carnbroe,
Trustees and Executors nominated and appointed by and acting
under the Trust-Disposition and Settlement of the said James Meik¬
lam, dated 31st January, 1853, and Two Codicils of subsequent dates,
Pursuers and Real Raisers, but now insisted by the said Mrs.
Christiana Alston Campbell or Melkiam, as the sole survivor of the
said Pursuers and Real Raisers against GEORGE MACLACHLAN,
W. S., Edinburgh, as Sole Surviving Trustee for holding and adminis¬
tering a provision of £20,000 made by the said James Mciklam to the
Children of his Marriage with the said Christiana Alston Campbell or
Meikiam, under a Bond and Disposition in security by the said James
Meikiam, dated the 17th day of February, 1845, and Instrument of
Sasine following thereon, recorded in the General Register of susines
on the 29th day of October, 1846, and other relative Deeds; the said Mrs.
Christiana Alston Campbell or Meiklam, residing at No. 43 nryanstone
Square, London; John Meikiam, then or lately before residing within
the precincts of the Abbey of Holyrood, Edinburgh, and now at 43
Bryanstone Square aforesaid; Miss lsabella Merklam, onty daughter
of the said James Meikiam, presently residing at No. 43 Bryanstone
Square aforesaid; and the said Richard Dennistonn Campbell.
Alexander Struthers Finlay, Mungo Camprell, Junior, and Mrs. Chris¬
tians Alston Campbell or Meiklam, as her Tutors an Curators; John
Meikiam, Rsq., formerly of Duloch, in the County of Fife, and now of
Gladswood, in the County of Berwick, the Uncle and Heir-at Law of
the said Isabella Meikiam, failing her leaving Lawrul Issue ; Mary
Harper, daughter of Jonn Harper, Innkeeper at Selkirk, and pre¬
sently residing in London or clsewhere abroad; and Philip and Ada
Harper, children of the said Mary Harper and then

their mother: and against Frank Harper, Postmaster at Dingwall,
Factor loco tutoris and curator bonis appointed to the said Philip and
Ada Harper by the Lords of Council and Session; and also against
Augus Fletcher, Esq., Solicitor, of Inland Revenue, Scotland, for
their respective rights and interests in the premises; and also against
Joseph Joel, sometime of No 58 Pall Mall, St. James, London, and
afterwards of No. 2 Boyle Street, Saville Row, Loncon; and Thomas
Landale and Robert Landale, S.S.C., Edinburgh, his Mandatories;
Samuel Sturgis, of Lincoln's Inn Fields in the County of Middlesex,
gentleman, Provisional Assignee of the Estates and Effects of In¬
solvent Dettors in England, and in whom the Estates of the said
John Meiklam were alleged to be vested under a Vesting Order of the
Court of Relief of Insolvent Debtors, made upon the 16th day of
October 1858; Joseph Sowerby, of Oxford Street, in the County of
Middlesex, Silk Mercer; William Mardon, of No. 99 Newgate Street,
in the City of London, gentleman: and Charles Candy and Charles
Wilson, both of Watling Street, in the City of London, Silk Mer¬
chants; Jabez Holmes Wood, of No. 10 Cornhill, London. Insurance
Broker; Albert Godfrey, of East Chillous, near Wantage, Berks;
Charles Bunyard, of No. 8 Bucklersbury, in the City of London;
and Joseph La Mert, of Albemarle Street, in the County of Middle¬
sex, for their respective rights and interests in the premises, De¬
fenders, the summonses in which were signeted respectively on 3d
April 1857, 28th February 1859, and 29th October 1861, and which are
in dependence before the Honourable Lord Craighill, Ordinary in
the Court of Session in Scotland. The surviving Pursuer and
Real Raiser having represented to the said Lord Ordinary that a
claim had on the seventh day of March 1879 been lodged for Duncan
Stewart. Provisional and Official Assignee of the Estates and
Effects of Insolvent Debtors in England, whose Estates were under
the administration of the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Dobtors
at the time of the passing of the Act 24 and 25 Victoria, chapter 13d,
in whion, by virtue of the 39 and 40 George III., chapter 98, commonly
called the Thellusson Act, as extended to Scotland by the 11 and 12
Victoria, chapter 36, section 41, he claimed the accumulated fund,
amounting to £107,029 0s. 6d. sterling; and that it is believed there
are other persons than those who have appeared and given in Claims
who are interested in the said Fund, the said Lord Ordinary has pro¬
ounced the following INTE
LOCUTOR:—"Edinburgh, 3d June
1879, Lord Craixhill.—Act.
"Kechnie for Pursuer and Real Raiser,
alt. J. P. B. Robertson for Claimant Stewart. The Lord Ordinary,
on the motion of the surviving Pursuer and Real Raiser, appoints in¬
timation of the dependence of these conjoined actions and of the
claim which has been lodged in process to be given to all concerned by
advertisements to be published as follows: viz, twice each week for
three successive weeks in the following newspapers, viz, The Times,
London Gazette, Daily Telegraph, the Scotsman, the Edinburgh
Courant, Glasgow Herald, and Glasgow News, that they may give in
claims within a month of the date of the last of the said Advertise¬
ments.
(Signed)	"JOHN MILLAR."
Of all which intimation is hereby given to all concerned.
Messrs. Maclachlan & Rodger, W.S., the Solicitors of the said
Trustees; or John K. Lindsay, S.S.C., 16, Queen-street, Edinburgh,
Solicitor for the Claimant, Duncan Stewart, will give any information
that may be wished by parties having interest.
MACLACHLAN E RODGER, W.S.
25 Castle Street, Edinburgh, 3rd June, 1879.
NOTICE of CHANGE of NAME.—Notice is hereby
given, that by deed poll bearing date the 25th day of March,
1879. JOHN SPENCER JONES, of Baltimore, in the United States
of America, did thereby declare that nenceforth he will OMIT the
SURNAME of JONES, and by the name of John Spencer will hence¬
for b subscribe, write, and call himself in and upon all deeds, instru¬
ments, and writings, and upon all occasions whatsoever.
EVANS and LOCKETT, 6, Commerce-chambers, Lord¬
street Liverpool, Solicitors for the said John Spencer.
AGRICULTURAL EXHIBITION, Kilburn, 1879.
—Members of Parlament, raitway administrators, and others
interested in the subject of RAILWAY SAFETY APPLIANCES,
are respectfully invited to visit the Museum at Messrs. SAXBY and
FARMERS works, Canterbury-road, Kilburn, three minutes' walk
from the principal entrance of the Agricultural Exhibition. The
unique exhibit, which obtained a gold medal and diploma, Paris, 1878.
may be inspected daily, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Saturdays 1 p.m. Visitors
cards to be left with the hall porte
THF DEFIANCE COACH.—OXFORD and CAM¬
BRIDGE, by road 120 miles (runs daily), via High Wycombe,
London (Hatchett's), and Royston in 12 hours. Through fare 24s.
See time tables.—Wm. Banks, Secretary, White Horse Cellar.
SHOOTING WANTED, for two guns, within 20
miles south of London. Terms may be sent to R. H. P., Elm¬
fiold, Pengs-lane, S.E.
DIPLOMATIC, Legal, and Confidential INQUIRIES,
in England and abroad, oy Mr. POLLAKY, 13, Paddington¬
FORRESTER'S PRIVATE and CONFIDENTIAL
INVESTIGATION OFFICE. Established 1850. Conducted
by Messrs. Forrester and Death (agents abroad), 28a, Basinghall-¬
street. E.C.
sss.
—
MEMORIAL BRASSES, Monuments, Windows, and
Designs and estimates forwarded on application. Agents for
Haden's Iron Memorials,—FRANK SMITH and Co., 13, Southamp¬

CLUNY TAPESTRY in ART COLOURS and
CURTAIN FABRICS in SILK, wool, and cotton. Carpets and
paperhangings to correspond. Registered designs. Sets of prtterns
forwarded for inspection.—FRANK SMITH and Co
LTAR COVERS, and every other requisite for
church adornment, wood, metal, and stonework, Cataloguee
12 stamps. Doulton's alter vases at manufacturer's prices.
FRANK SMITH and Co., Church Furniture Warehouse, 13, South¬
ampton-street, Strand, London, W. C.
