D. O. is at once affectionately invited to forward

his ADDRESS to his sister.
BL.O.—You are required, one and all, to report vour¬
selves in person on my arrival on Monday next (June 5th), at
10 a.m. precisely.—Pollaky, private inquiry office, 13, Paddington¬
green, London, W.
THE COMMITTEE of LADIES of the JEWS'
HOSPITAL thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of a
SEWING MACHINE (Thomas' No. 2), from Mrs. Joseph Bond, of
No. 3, Queen's-road, Glocester-gate, Regent's-park, for the use of the
Institution.
INCOME-TAX (Schedule D).—All persons or firms
aggrieved by the present mode of assessing this tax and the treat¬
ment to which appellants are subjected, will please to COMMUNI¬
CATE with E. Breffit, Aire and Calder Glass Bottle Company, Castle¬
ford, Normanton, or 83, Upper Thames-street, Lor.
MR. JOHN APPLETON, formerly of Japan, is
requested to FORWARD his present ADDRESS to Messrs.
Ashurst, Morris, and Co., solicitors, 6, Old Jewry, London, who are in
possession of information that may be useful to him.
LOST, on Saturday, May 27th, a GREEN RUSSIA
LEATHER PURSE, containing one £5 Bank of England note,
d gold. Anyone bringing the same to Mr. Abram, law stationer,
Middle Temple-lane, shall be liborally REWARDED.
LOST, in the neighbourhood of Kensington-gore,
between the hours of 8 and 9 o'clock, on Wednesday evening, the
31st May, a small BLACK and TAN TERRIER. Whoever will bring
the same to the address which is on the collar shall recelve TWO
GUINEAS. No further reward will be offered.
LOST, at the Botanic-gardens, May 24th, a large
GOLD LOCKET, with enamel back and initials engraved, con¬
taining portrait of a gentleman and hair. Anyone who will bring the
same to 12, Westbourne-park-terrace, or to Messrs. Gass, 166, Regent¬
street, shall receive TWO POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, between 3 and 5 p.m., in Regent-street, a
PURSE, containing one £10 note, number known and stopped
a cheque for £5, of no use to anybody but the owner, and £6 or £7 in
gold. Whoever will bring the same to P. E., 15, George-street, Han¬
over-square, may keep the gold.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday,
May 15, at The Cedars, Putney, a small BLUE SKYE TERRIER.
Whoever brings the same to Mr. Cannon, High-street, Putney, shall

TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. —LEFT in a
Brompton and Holloway OMNIBUS, on the 31st of May, aGREEN
MOROCCO BAG. Whoever brings the same to 22, Gordon-street,
W.C., shall receive the above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST, on the 20th
ult., a large ONYX GILT CROSS. Whoever will bring the
same to Read and Son, jewellers, 77, Jermyn-street, shall receive the

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday.
May 25, in Sussex-square, a WHITE SMOOTH-HAIRED TER¬
RIER BITCH, with one brown ear. Whoever will bring her to 32, St.
James's-street, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in the neigh¬
bourhood of Maida-hill, on Thursday, the 18th May, a BLACK
and TAN TERRIER DOG,oe,
white on the chest, and cropped
ears; answers to the name of "Tar." Whoever will bring the same
to Mr. Bateman, livery stables, Randolph-mews, Portsdown-road,
Maida-hill, shall receive the above reward. No further reward will be

GOLD WATCH LOST.—LOST, at Epsom, on the
Derby-day, ne a e e ete et,
the Paddocks, a double¬
ased, engine-turned, GOLD REPEATER, with engraved initials on
the back. Whoever brings the same to W. Leuchars, jeweller an
dressing-case maker, 38, Piccadilly, shall receive FIVE POUNDS
REWARD.
FOUND, in the neighbourhood of New Bond-street,
a £5 BANK of ENGLAND NOTE, on the 22d of May, 1865,
Enclose name and address of the owner, by letter, with mark, number,
date, and whore issued. Address Mr. Taylor, 26, Carnaby-street, St.

TROTTER's SUCCESSION.—It is understood that
a person of the name of WILLIAM TROTTER, who was a
native of Black's Mill, in the parish of Longtown, Inverness-shire, and
died in America a great many years ago, left a large sum of money to
his brother, the late Robert Tretter, of Black's Mill, who also died a
grest many years since. The money, it is believed, was paid into the
Court of Chancery upwards of 100 years ago. Any parties who can
ti ive in formation on the subject of th is 
are requested to
COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Simson and Wakeford, 22, Abingdon¬
street, Westminster.
ONE GUINEA will be given for the production of
theCERTIFICATE of BIRTH of WILLIAM BULL, ton of
Stephen and Sarah Bull, who was married at Barton Stacey, Hants,
in February, 1796; supposed to have been born at or near Kingston
Surrey, about the year 1803. Whoever will supply the same to Geo. Bull,
Banghurst, near Basingstoke, Hants, shall be paid the abovenamed
sum.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governers of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £28 14s. 6d. New
£3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of EMILY
ROPER, of Romney-terrace, Westminster, spinster, and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividonds
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1855;— No¬
tice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this
date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon
paid to the said Emily Roper, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN CHANCERY: "Chubb v. Grifiths'. —Notice is
hereby given, that on motion this day made, on behalf of Messrs.
Chubb and Son. of No. 57, St. Paul's churchyard, his Honour the
Master of the Rolls granted an INJUNCTION against Frank
Griffiths, restraining him from selling under Messrs. Chubb's name
any fireproof safes not made by them, and from affixing to any safes
not of their manufacture plates bearing their name. Messrs. CHUBB
and SON will maintain their rights by taking similar proceedings in
any case in which the like offence may be brought to their notice.—1st
June, 1865. STUART and MASSEY, Plaintiffs' Solicitors,
5, Gray's-inn-square.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 240.—In
the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice
e hereby given, that on the application of SAMUEL THOMAS
KEENE, of No. 40, South-Street, Manchester-square, in the county
of Middlesex, oil and colourman, the Registrar of the Office of Land
Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the
date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE all those
HEREDITAMENTS in the parish of Thames Ditton, in the county
of Surrey, consisting of a messuage, yard, and garden, situate near
the Swan Inn at Thames Ditton, and lying on the south side of the
road from Moulsey to London, and bounded on the north by the
said road, and on the east and partly on the south by a public way,
and which said hereditaments are in the tenure or occupation of
Robert Smithers, and are delineated on the Map No. 249, deposited
by the applicant in the Office of Land Registry as part of the de¬
scription of the same, and therein edged with red, together with the
mines and minerals under the same hereditaments. If any person
objects to, or desires to show cause against such registration, or claims
that the same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or
that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not
already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered
on the register with reference to such hereditaments, such person may
be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields,
at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar months
from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by
affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause against,
or to make such claim in respect of such registration. But any
person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same
in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and
address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry before the expiration
of the said three calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise he
will be excluded from making the same. The said map of the said
hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land Registry may be in¬
spected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the
said three calendar months from the date hereof. —Dated this 3d day
of June, 1865.
O.D MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
FREDK. H. TURNER, Solicitor to the Applicant.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 172.—
No.5, Leamington-villas, Redland-park, Bristol.—In the Matter
of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given,
that on the application of HENRY SIRTILL, of No. 5, Leamington-¬
villas, in the parish of Westbury-on-Trym, in the city and county of
Bristol, gentleman, the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry in¬
tends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the date
hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE all those
HEREDITAMENTS called or known as No. 5, Leamington-villas,
Redland-park, in the parich of Westbury-on-Trym, in the city and
county of Bristol, in hand, and which hereditaments are delineated or
the map No. 172, deposited by the applicant in the Office of Land
Registry as part of the description of the same, and therein edged
with red, together with the mines and minerals under the same
hereditaments. If any person objects to, or desires to show cause
against such registration, or claims that the same should be subject
to any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or in¬
cumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before
the Registrar, should be entered on the Register with reference to
such hereditaments, such person may be heard at the Office of Land
Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration
of the said three calendar months from the date hereof, personally, or
by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise to make such
objection, or to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect
of such registration. But any person desiring to make such objectior
or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof,
and with his name and address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry
before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from making the same. The
said map of the said hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land
Registry may be insuected at the said office at any time before the
expiration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof.—
Dated this 3 day of June, 1865.
AMORDAUNT, Chiof Clerk.
HENRY BIRTILL, the Applicant in person.
WHITSUNTIDE HOLYDAYS.—The SOUTH
KENSINGTON MUSEUM OPEN FREE during the week
The north-western entrance, opposite the Horticultural Gardens will
be opened. The collection of animal products in the South arcades of
the Horticultural Gardens will be exhibited on Monday and Tuesday.
The loan collection of portrait miniatures will be open.
By order of the Committee of Council on Education.
OUTH KENSINGTON MUSEUM.—LEC¬
TURES on SCIENCE and ART will be delivered in the Lecture
Theatre, on Monday and Wednesday evenings, 5th, 7th, 14th, 19th,
21st, and 28th June, 1865. Each lecture to commence at 8.30 p.m.
Lectures Mondays 5th and 19th June—On Salmon and Oyster Cul¬
ture, and the Cultivation of Rivers, by Frank. Buckland, Esq., M.A.,
M.R.C.S., F.Z.S.
pectures Wednesdays 7th and 14th June On Greek Colus as Illus¬
trations of Greek Art, and as Objects of Study for Artists, by Reginald
Stuart Poole, Esq., of the British Museum.
Lectures Wednesdays 21st and 28th June—On the Art displayed on
Ancient and Mediaeval Colus, by H. Noel Humphreys, Esq.
Tickets for the course on fish culture, &c., 2s. 6d. ; and for the co¬
on coins, 2s. 6d.
By order of the Committee of Council on Education.
THE RAPHAEL ROOM at the South Kensington
Museum, containing Raphael's Cartoons designed for Tapestry,
lent by Her Majosty the Queen, and other decorative designs, will be
OPENED on Whit-Monday.
By order of the Lords of the Committee of Council on Education.
VEST LONDON WORKING CLASSES INDUS¬
TRIAL EXHIBITION, Floral-hall, Covent-garden. Won¬
derful works of art, industry, and invention by 1,100 exhibitors. Ac
knowledged by the press to be the best yot held. Open daily, from 10
to 5. 6d.; 6 to 10, 3d. Friday, 1s. ; ever
ng, 6d.
CAUTION.—A quantity of spurious essences and
other articles of perfumery, intended for shipment and sale
abroad, upon which were affixed labels in imitation of the label and
trade mark and having the trade signature of Messrs. Piesse and
Lubin, of No. 2, New Bond-Street, forged thereon, having been sent
into the port of London, the same has been seized and condemned by
Her Majesty's Commissioners of Customs for the port of London; and
as there is reason to believe that the practice of IMITATING the
TRADE MARK and FORGING the TRADE SIGNATURE of
Messrs. PIESSE and LUBIN is being carried on to a large extent;—
Notice is hereby given, that it is the intention of Messrs. Plesse and
Lubin to proceed, criminally or otherwise (as they may be advised),
against any person or persons who may hereafter sell, export for sa¬
deal in, or otherwise dispose ae
o r y with any labels or
marks thereon or thereunte aflixed having the name and address and
trade signature of their firm fraudulently and falsely printed, engraved,
or forged thereon. — Dated this 1st day of May, 1865.
VALLANCEd VALLANCE, 20, Essex-street, Strand,
London, Solicitors for Messrs. Piesse and Lubin.
LENOIR's PATENT GAS-POWER ENGINE,
Prize Medal International Exhibition, 1862. The Company is
now publicly exhibiting this motive power daily, between the hours
of 11 and 1 and 3 and 5.—C. W. WOOD. Manager and Sec. (pro tem.),
No. 40, Cranbourne-street, Loicester-square.
WILL FINALLY CLOSE on June 3, the FUR¬
NITURE, Carpet, and Bedding WAREHOUSES, 23 and 24,
Finsbury-pavement, lately occupied by R. Loader and Co., and the
business will after that date be removed to G. M. and H. J. Story's
warchouses, 33, London-wall, and 2, Coleman-street,
THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY ROOMS, 218,
High Holborn.—This.

ated and favourite
ball room is OPEN EVERY EVENING. The grand band, under
the direction of Mr. W. M. Packer, performs nightly a varied pro¬
gramme of classical, operatic, and dance music. Open at half-past 8,

ARGYLL ROOMS, Windmill-street, Piccadilly.—
PROMENADE CONCERT and DANCE, every evening. This
admired band, under the direction of Signor Luigi Curti, will perform,
at 9 o'clock, a grand overture, at 11 o'clock a selection from a favourite
opera, and a series of novel dance music till 12 o'clock. Open at
half-past 8. Admission 1s. Manager, M. Grenet.
