OUISA.—There is a letter waiting for you, full
name, at Mr. Beard's office, from Will.
LICENSED VICTUALLERS' ASYLUM.—The
Secretary has great pleasure in ACKNOWLEDGING the RE¬
CEIPT of £200 from the Executors of the late Mrs. Elizabeth Wood,
formerly of 32, Coventry-street, Haymarket, and late of 11, Thistle¬
grove, Brompton, in aid of the funds of the Institution.—67, Fleet¬
street, 28th May, 1867.
MRS. MARY BAIRD and Miss M. J. BAIRD,
mother and sister of the undersigned, are requested to send
their ADDRESS to W. T. Baird, care of Richard Daintree, Esq.,
Maryvale Station, North Kennedy, Queensland.
LOST, on Saturday, the 18th May, on the journey
between Barnet and Brighton, a BUNCH of FOUR GOLD
LOCKETS, two containing portraits, and a Seal. Whoever brings the
t to Mr. Wassell, jeweller, Mincing-lane, city, shall be liberally
REWARDED.
LOST, a TURKISH GOLD COIN BRACELET,
on Tuesday, between Regent-street, Covent-garden-market, and
Devonshire-place, Portland-place. Whoever, finding the above, will
take it to Mr. Emanuel, 18, New Bond-street, shall receive TWO
POUNDS REWARD.
ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD.—LOST, on Tues¬
day, 28th May, from No. 65, Grosvenor-street, or left in a cab at
the door, a small BLACK BOX, containing ornamental china. Who¬
ever will bring it to the above address shall receive the reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a BLUE
SKYE TERRIER DOG, answering to the name of "Toddy,"
Had on a collar with the name "Utten Browne Heigham. Last seen
on the Serpentine side of Rotten-row, between 1 and 2 o'clock, Wed¬
nesday, May 29. Apply at 35, Han's-place, Sioane-street.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday
evening, in the Strand, near Waterloo-street, a POCKETBOOK,
containing cards, papers, and cabin passage receipt from Liverpool to
New York; also a wallet, containing money. Can keep the money and
return the above to Osmond's coffee room, 87, Strand
SIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
last, the 23d May, in the Zoological-gardens, a LADY's GOLD
WATCH; maker's name James Murray, London, No. 5,571, The
above reward will be paid to any person taking the watch to Chas.
Joyce and Co., 61, Coleman-street.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the even¬
ing of the 21st inst., in the neighbourhood of East Sheen, a SIL¬
VER-MOUNTED, PEAR-SHAPED DIAMOND PENDANT, formed
of 18 stones, with single-stone pear-shaped diamond, gold mounted, in
the centre. Apply to E. Whistier, 11, Strand.
FOUND, last Saturday, a BLACK RETRIEVER
DOG. If not claimed in three days, will be SOLD. Apply to J.
ta , erete, , Long-acre
TO PARISH CLERKS and others. —FIVE
GUINEAS REWARD.—WANTED, the CERTIFICATE of
BIRTH of JOHN DICYE, who was married to Elizabeth Arrowsmith
at Wokingham, in 1680 ; also, Marriage Certificate of Hannah Dicye
to John Marshall, supposed to have taken place between 1709 and
1726. Half the amount will be paid for either certificate. Apply to
Mr. J. Palmer, High-street, Mortlake, Surrey.
MIRKPATRICK.—If WILLIAM GEORGE
KIRKPATRICK (who was the residuary legatee of Horatius
Washington Kirkpatrick, of Cheam, in Surrey, and whose will was
proved in the year 1825) should be now living or his personal repre¬
sentatives, in case he be dead, will APPLY to Messrs. Jas. Taylor,
Mason, and Taylor, solicitors, 15, Furnival's-inn, he or they may be
informed of something to his or their advantage. The said William
George Kirkpatrick at the time when the above will was proved, re¬
sided at Isleworth, in the county of Middlesex.
JAS. TAYLOR, MASON, and TAYLOR, Solicitors,
15, Furnival's-inn.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—Trades Union
Outrage. The above REWARD of £20 is OFFERED by the
Master Tailors' Association of the United Kingdom to any person who
will give such INFORMATION as may lead to the APPREHENSION
of a journeyman tailor, known as JERRY CRAWLEY (against whom
a warrant has been issued), who was concerned with others in an out¬
rageous assault upon Josepn Hope, in West-street, Carnaby-street, on
Sunday evening last, 26th inst. The description of Crawley is as
follows:—age about 21, height 5ft. 5½, fair hair, florid complexion, a
slight appearance of eruption on each cheak, no whiskers, and gene¬
rally of rather effeminate appearance ; he is inclined to stoop, is quick
in speech, and wears his hat slightly on one side. Information to be
given to the Police Station, Great Marlborough-street ; or to the
office of the Association, 25, Old Bond-street.—29th May, 1867.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Annuity.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £2 5s. Long Annuities.
expired 5th January, 1860, heretofore standing in the name of JOHN
HENRY WOODHOUSE, of Neckinger-street, Bermondsey, gentle¬
man, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in conse¬
quence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the
10th October, 1849;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of
three months from this date, the Dividends in arrear on the said An¬
gtuity will be paid to Michael Jacob Denner, administrator of John
Henry Woodhouse, deceased, who has claimed the same, unless some
other clamant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £74 13s. 11d. Reduced £3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of FRANCIS
BARLOW ROBINSON, of Essex-Street, Strand, gentleman, and
WILLIAM MARRIS, of Gray's-inn, gentleman, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 10th October, 1851;—
Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from
this date the said Stock will be Transferred and the Dividends thereon
paid to Francis Barlow Robinson, the survivor, who has claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his

MISSING FRIENDS, Next of Kin, Unclaimed
Money, &c.—INQUIRIES made in the United States of Ame¬
rica, Canada, Australia, and all parts of the globe. Legal business
attended to abroad. Advertisements inserted in foreign newspapers.
A select list of names of next of kin, heirs at law, &c. (never before
published), sent for seven stamps. A file of The Times for 1861 and
1862 for Sale.—ROBERT GUN, American, colonial, and foreign

GABRIEL, Mayor.
A COURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held in
the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London on
Tuesday, the 28th day of May, 1867, and in the 30th year of the reign
of Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
Queen, &c.
Persons admitted to act as Brokers within the city of London
and its Liberties, viz:—
Names.
Residences.
Francis James Engleheart.. 23, Birchin-lane
Thomas Elsom Cornell6, Fowkes-buildings, Great Tower-street
Jes Jensen
72, Mark-lane
William Francis Wesche ..	15, Tavistock-terrace, Regent's-park
Edward Moon00
80, Great Tower-street.
WOODTHORPE.
MORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Parish of Paddington.—I, the undersigned J. H.
Mitchiner, Auditor of the abovenamed district, do hereby give notice
that 1 have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the parish of
PADDINGTON for the half-year ended the 25th of March, 1867, to
commence on Friday, the 14th day of June next, at half-past 2
o'clock in the forenoon, at the Workhouse, Harrow-road, when and
where all persons who by law are bound to account at such audit are
required to attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills, and
vouchers containing or relating to the accounts or to moneys assessed
for, and applicable to, the relief of the poor—Dated the 30th day of
May, 1867.
J. H. MITCHINER, District Auditor.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the building named
CHRIST CHURCH (but generally known as the Iron Church,
Elgin-road), and situate at Kensington-park-road north, Notting-hill,
in the Superintendent Registrar's District of Kensington, in the county
of Middlesex, which was certified as a place of meeting for religious
worship to the Registrar-General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages, on
the 22d day of December, 1864, is now NO LONGER USED as a
PLACE of PUBLIC RELIGIOUS WORSHIP, and that the said
Registrar-General did, on the 28th day of May, 1867, cause the record
of the certification thereof to be cancelled, pursuant to the provision
in that behalf contained in the eighth section of the Act. 18 and 19
Victoria, chapter 81; and that, from and after the cancellation of such
record as aforesaid, and the publication of this present notice, such
place will cease to be deemed duly certified as by law required.—Dated
this 29th day of May, 1867.
(By order of the Registrar-General)
JOHN SHOVELLER, pro Secretary.
General Register-office Somerset-house. London.
ASALE of OLD STORES at SHEERNESS.
LADMIRALTY, Somerset-place, 27th May, 1867.
THE Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord
High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire¬
land do hereby give notice, that on Thursday, the 13th June next, at 11
o'clock in the forenoon, the Captain-Superintendent will put up to
SALE, in Her Majesty's Dockyard at Sheerness, several lots of OLD
STORES, consisting of canvas rags, coal sacks, rope cable-laid and
hawser-laid, block straps, shakings, broken glass, lignum vitee, paddle¬
box boats, &c., all lying in the said yard.
Persons wishing to view the lots must apply to the Superintendent
for notes of admission for that purpose.
Catalogues and conditious of sale may be had here and at the yard.
SALE of OLD STORES.
ADMIRALTY, Somerset-house, May 24, 1867.
THE Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord
High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire¬
land do hereby give notice, that on Wednesday the 12th June next,
at 12 o'clock at noon, the Admiral-Superintendent will put up to SALE,
in Her Majesty's Dockyard at Portsmouth, several lots of OLD
STORES; consisting of canvass rags, rope (cable-laid and hawser-laid),
rope material, painted canvass rags, oakum, coal bags, leather cuttings.
leather hoses, floorcloth, carpet rags, broken steel, &c., all lying in the
said yard.
Persons wishing to view the lots must apply to the Superintendent
for notes of admission for that purpose.
Catalogues and conditions of sale may be had here and at the o
ard.
EAST LONDON UNION.—CONTRACTS for
SUPPLtES.—Notice is hereby given, that the Guardians will
meet at the Board Room, Devonshire-square, on Wednesday, the 12th
June next, at 1 o'clock in the afternoon precisely, to open tenders
from Millers, Butchers, Cheesemongers, Grocers, Mealmen, Milkmen,
and Potatoe-Salesmen, for supplying the Union for 3 months, and from
brewers, soap-makers, coal merchants, tallow chandlers, oilmen, brush
makers, linendrapers, haberdashers, hosiers, slop sellers, woollen
drapers, shoemakers, curriers, leather sellers, flockmen, printers, sta¬
tioners, and undertakers. For supplying the union for six months.
from the 15th June next. Tenders will be received only on the printed
forms, which can be had at the Union office, No. 1, Devonshire-square,
N.E., on and after Saturday, the 1st June next.
A. J. BAYLIS, Clerk to the Board of Guardians.
27th May, 1867.
SURREY COUNTY LUNATIC ASYLUM.—Per¬
sons willing to SUPPLY this Institution with 600 tons of the best
WELCH COALS, and 500 tons of the best Household Coals, are
requested to send in sealed TENDERS for the same, addressed to the
Committee of Visitors of the Surrey County Lunatic Asylum, near
Tooting, S., on or before Friday, the 7th June, 1867, and endorsed
"Tender for Coals." The parties offering to contract are hereby in¬
formed that the whole of the coals are to be delivered between the 10th
day of June and the 20th September, 1867. The tender must specily
the name of the coal intended to be supplied, and the price per ton, to
include every charge, delivered into the stores of the Asylum in sacks
of two cwt. each, with a coal meter's certificate with each delivery.
Blank forms, upon which the tenders are required to be made, and any
further information can be obtained on application to the Steward of
the Asylum. The Visitors do not bind themselves to accept the lowest
or any tender.
By order,
S. BRIDGLAND, Clerk to the Committee of Visitors.
28th May, 1867.
ROMFORD UNION.—Persons wishing to CON¬
TRACT for the SUPPLY of BREAD, Meat, Butter, Cheese,
Grocery, Beer (at 24s. per barrel), and Coals for the Union-house ;
also Mutton and Beef, in small quantities, for the out-door poor of
Barking, Ilford, Dagenham, Romford, Hornchurch, and Great War¬
ley, during the ensuing quarter and milk for the next six mouths,
are requested to apply to Mr. Macdonald, at the Union-house, for
forms of tender, which must be filled up and returned to me, at
my office, free of expense, sealed and endorsed, on or before Monday,
the 10th day of June next. The bread for the out-door poor must be
delivered twice a week, and the tender for the same must be of an uni¬
form price for the whole of either or both of the districts following,
viz.:—First district, Barking and Dagenham; second district, Romford,
Hornchurch, Rainham, Upminster, Great Warley, Havering, Cranham,
and Wennington. No tender will be considered unless in accordance
with the printed forms and sent to me by the time abovementioned;
and the Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any
tender.
Romford, 29th May, 1867.:	W. H. CLIFTON, Clerk.
VEST HAM UNION.—Election of Relieving
Officer.—The Guardians of this Union will, at their meeting,
to be held at the Board room, Leytonstone-road, on Thursday, the
6th June, ELECT a competent person as RELIEVING OFFICER to
the newly formed district known as No. 4. The salary to be £80 per
annum. The person elected will be required to perform all such
duties as are prescribed by the rules and regulations of the Poor Law
Board, and will be required to reside within his district. Candidates
must not be over 48 years of age. Applications in writing, together with
testimonials of recent date, to be sent to me, on or before Wednesday,
the 5th June, endorsed "Application for the Appointment of
Relieving Officer." Any further information may be obtained on ap¬
plying to me, at the Clerk's-office, Union-house, Leytonstone-road.
All candidates to attend the Board on the day of election, at 11 o'clock,
at their own expense. — Dated this 16th day of May, 1867.
By order of the Board,
R. G. A. HILLEARY.
Cork.
FOR FAMILY ARMS (Lincoln's-inn Heraldic¬
office), send name and county. Sketch, 3s. 6d., or stamps. Arms
painted and engraved on seals, dies, &c. Official seals and presses, book¬
plates, presentation addresses, stationery.—PUGH, BROTHERS, Great
Turnstile, Lincoln's-inn, W.C. Manual of Heraldry, 3s. 2d., free.
MARBLE and GRANITE TOMBS, Church taolets,
memorial brasses, &c.—INSCRIPTIONS RESTORED with the
IMPERISHABLE LETTERS. Export orders.—T. GAFFIN, 63,
Quadrant, Regent-street, W.
