BELLA DONNA.—All well at home. Relations
the same.
—Valentine, they are not forgotten, be more ex¬
plicit, give initials. Reply.
UEBEC.—The WIDOW of an OFFICER in the
60th Riffes, who, about 1859, went to Quebec and there died soon
after will hear of something to her great advantage by APPLYING to
Mr. Pollaky, 13. Paddington-green.
SAMUEL BARTON and GEORGE BARTON,
both formerly of Manchester, may hear of something to their ad¬
vantage by IADDRESSING Messrs. Withington, Petty, and Bout¬
flower, solicitors, Manchester. Samuel was at Geelong on the 16th of
January, 1872, and at Ballarat on the 23d of April, 1872, and may have
gone to Claverton Station, Warrego River, Queensland. George was
at the Thames Gold Fields, near Auckland, in New Zealand, on the
25th April, 1870, and may have gone to San Francisco or Mexico. Aus¬
tralian and New Zealand papers please copy.
MISSING, from Blundell's School, Tiverton, a
YOUTH, age 16, height 5ft. 104, very upright figure, close
curied black hair, gray eyes. Had on a striped gray shirt, marked
G. F. M., dark cutaway coat and trousers, and a black felt hat. Was
last seen on Saturday, the 24th inst., at Collumpton Station, where he
booked for Exeter by the 5.45 train. Iliness is the only-supposed cause
of his disappearance, and anyone who may have seen him is earnestly
requested to address Superintendent Crabb, Police Station, Tiverton.
LEFT in a Hansom CAB, which took a gentleman
from Paddington Station to 56, Montag1-square, in the forenoon
of last Monday, a CANVASS BAG, containing four sticks and a silk
umbrella. Whoever takes the same to the above address or to No. 33,
Finsbury-circus, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, supposed in a
Cab, between Regent-street and Lock Chapel, Harrow-road, on
the night of the 27th of August, a SMALL BOX, containing a silver
and gist half-pint mug. Chinese work. Whoever takes the same to
Messrs. Elkington and Co., 45, Moorgate-street, shall receive the above
reward.
COLLEY DOG ASTRAY.—The GENTLEMAN
who inserted an advertisement in The Times of Saturday, the 17th
inst., headed as above, and concluding address to be forwarded Mr.
Tweed, 5, Richmond-terrace, Osborne-road, Southsea, is requested to
FORWARD all PARTICULARS of the dog to Edward Levy, Esq.¬
The Grange, Twickenham. A Dog of this description was Lost in
Norfolk-street, Park-lane, and a liberal Reward has been offered and
will be given on its recovery.
HA MAISON J. E. GUNZBURG, a Paris et à
Pétersbourg, previent le public qu'elle n'a rien de commun ni
aucun rapport d'affaires avee Mr. Alexandre Gunzburg.
WHEREAS CHARLES GEORGE BOLDER of
Great Grimsby Draper has been convicted of Misdemeanour
under "The Debtor's Act 1869" for fraudulent removal of £400 in
Bank Notes part of his estate and omission to disclose the same in the
statement of his affairs and to deliver the same to John Daniel Viney
of 99 Cheapside London Accountant the Trustee of his estate and has
been sentenced to imprisonment with hard labor for 12 calendar
months. This is to give notice that all persons having in their posses¬
sion or under their control any PROPERTY or MONEY part of the
said estate are required forthwith to DELIVER the same to the said
Trustee and that all persons indebted to the said estate are required
forthwith to pay to the said Trustee the amounts owing by them re¬
spectively Dated this twenty sixth August 1872
JOHN NICHOLAS MASON 7 Gresham Street London Soli¬
citor for the Trustee and Committee of Inspection.
BRITISH MUSEUM.—The BRITISH MUSEUM
will be CLOSED on the 2d. and Re-opened on the 9th of Septem¬
ber. 1872. No visitor can be admitted from the 2d to the 7th of Sep¬
tember inclusive. J. WINTER JONES, Principal Librarian.
British Museum. August 29, 1872.
THE NEW GRAND ORGAN for BOMBAY
TOWN-HALL, the munificent gift of Sir Albert Sassoon (in honour
of the visit to Bombay of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh).
will be PUBLICLY OPENED on the 30th and 31st of August and and
of September. TO-DAY, Mr. Angustus L. T. Tamplin, Organist of
St. Mark's, Notting-hill, will perform; on the 31st, the Masters Charles
and Arthur le Jeune; on the 2nd September, Mr. W. T. Best, Organist
of St. George's Hall, Liverpool. The performance on each day will
commence at 7 o'clock. Cards of admission may be had from the
builders, Messrs. Bishop and Starr, 250, Marylebone-road, N.W.
HALMON FISHERY ACTS, 1861, 1865.—Notice is
hereby given, that the Special Commissioners for English Fisheries
will hold a COURT at the Penrhyn Arms Hote) Bangor, at the hour
of 11 o'clock a.m., on Wednesday, the 16th October, 1872, and at such
Court will proceed to inquire into the legality of all fishing weirs, fish¬
ing mill dams, and fixed engines situate at the mouth of the river
Ogwen and in the Menal Straits adjoining thereto, in the county of
Carnarvon: and all persons interested in such engines are required to
attend at such Court from day to day until discharged, in order that a
decision may be made by the said Commissioners with respect to the
removal of such tishing weirs or fixed engines, or the alteration of
such fishing mill dams, or that such other order may be made by them
in the premises, as the facts of each case appear to warrant.
Dated at 8, Parliament-street, Westminster, this 28th day of

By order, THOS. F. BRADY, Secretary.
THE UNITED TRUST of the ACTON-BRIDGE
and HARTFORD GREEN TURNPIKE ROADS, Cheshire.—
All persons having CLAIMS in respect of any principal moneys or in¬
terest secured upon the revenues of either of the roads of the above
Trusts must send such claims in writing to the undersigned, on or be¬
fore the 1st of November next.
BLAKE and TRAFFORD, Clerks to the Trust.
Northwich, Cheshire, August 26, 1872.
EICESTER and LUTTERWORTH TURNPIKE
ROAD.—Notice to Mortgage Creditors.—Pursuant to the Act
of Parlament 34 and 35 Victoria, chapter 115, the Trustees of the Lei¬
cester and Lutterworth Turnpike Road, being a Turnpike Trust about
to expire, hereby give notice, that all persons having any CLAIM in
respect of any principal money or interest secured upon the revenues of
the abovementioned road, are to send in writing, particulars of such
claim to the Clerk of the Trust, on or before the 2d day of November,
1872.
After the expiration of the time above specified, no claims will be re¬
ceived for any sucn principal moneys or interest, and so much of the
mortgage debt (if any) of the said Trust as consists of principal moneys
or interest for which no claim has been sent in, will be extinguished.
By order, WM. FREER, Clerk to the said Trustees,
August 26th, 1872.
10, New-street, Leicester
COUNTY of MONMOUTH.—CHEPSTOW and
ABERGAVENNY TURNPIKE ROAD, Shirenewton Branch,
—Expiration of Local Act.—The Trustees of the Chepstow and Aber¬
gavenny Turnpike Trust hereby give notice that, by virtue of "The
Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1872," the Local Act for the
said Trust will expire on the 1st day of November next, and that
CLAIMS in respect of any principal moneys or interest secured upon
the revenues of such road may be sent in writing to the unnersigned,
the Clerk of the Trust, on or before the 31st day of October next.
After the expiration of the time specified in this notice, no claim will
be received for any such principal money or interest, and so much of
the mortgage debt of the said Trust as consists of principal moneys
or interest for which no claim has been sent in will be extinguished.—
Dated this 28th day of August, 1872.
J. KEATS, Usk, Monmouthshire, Clerk of the said Trust.
MINCOLN, BRIGG, BARTON, CAISTOR, and
MELTON TURNPIKE TRUST.—Notice is hereby given, that
all CLAIMS in respect of any principal moneys or interest secured
upon the revenues of the ROADS comprised in the above Trust, must
be sent in writing to me, the undersigned, before the 1st day of
November next. And that so much of the mortgage debt of the said
Trust as consists of principal moneys and interest for which no claim
shall be sent in before the said 1st day of November next will be extin¬
guished.
The following principal moneys, with interest, are unpaid, viz.:—
£100, advanced upon security of the tolls of the above Trust by the

£10, part of a sum of £120, advanced by the Rev. W. Holgate in 1767.
£8 6s. 8d., part of a sum of £100, advanced by the Rev. Theophilus
Kirke in 1767. By order of the Trustees of the said Roads,
Brigg, 27th August, 1872. JOHN HETT. Clerk of the Trust.
AZENBYS HARVEYS SAUCE.—In Chancery:
William Lazenby v. John Atkinson White, carrying on business,
under the style of Marshall and White, at Tavistock-house, Covent¬
garden.—Notice is hereby given, that a Decree for a PERPETUAL
INJUNCTION was, on the 15th day of November last, GRANTED
by the Master of the Rolls (which has since been confirmed on appeal
by the Lords Justices), restraining the defendant, his servants, and
agents from selling any Harvey's Saucenot made by the plaintin, and
purporting to be the original Lazenby's Harvey's Sauce, and from pub¬
fishing any advertisement representing the defendant to be the pro¬
prietor of the origmal Lazenby's Harvey's Sance, and from selling any
sauce purporting to be Harvey's Sauce, prepared by Elizabeth Lazenby
and Sons, or by any successor to E. Lazenby and Sons, or at 6, Ed¬
wards-street, Portman-square, London or contained in bottles to which
any labels are affixed similar to those used by the said William
Lazenby, or so expressed as by colourable imitation or otherwise to re¬
present the sance sold by the defendant to be the same as the Harvey's
Sance prepared and sold by the said William Lazenby; and notice is
hereby further given, that legal proceedings will forthwith be taken
against all persons who, after the date hereof, shall in any simila.
manner infringe the rights of the said William Lazenby, the successor
to E. Lazenby and Son, of 6. Edwards-street, Portman-square, now

C. F. SMITH, 15, Golden-square, Plaintiff's Solicitor.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby."
CAUTION.—VOIGTLANDERS OPERA and RACE
GLASSES.—The public is cautioned that Mr. CALLAGHAN is
the appointed SOLE AGENT for the above.—23a. New Bond-street,

CAUTION.—CHUBBS PATENT DETECTOR
LOCKS, with all the newest improvements, and Chubb's street-door
latches, can be obtained in London only from Chubb and Son, makers
to the Queen and Bank of England, 57, St. Paul's churchyard.
CAUTION.—HOWARD and SON'S PATENT
PARQUET FLOORING, No. 1,548.—All persons are CAU¬
TIONED against infringing this patent.—25, 26, and 27, Berners-street,
Oxford-street, and Cleveland Works.
CAUTION.—DINNEFORD'S FLUID MAGNESIA
being frequently imitated, shippers and the trade are CAU¬
TIONED that every bottle and label of the genuine preparation bears
the name of Dinneford and Co., 172, New Bond-Street, London.
CAUTION.—TOULMIN and GALE have NO
AGENTS for the SALE of their PATENT INDIAN DESPATCH
BOXES, Travelling Bags. Dressing Cases, &c. The same can only be
obtained at their manufactory, 85 and 86, Cheapside, and west-end
branch, 7, New Bond-street. Established 1735.
CAUTION.—E. MOSES and SON, merchant
tailors, outfitters, &c., find it necessary to state that they do not
employ any travellers or agents, and that articles of their manufacture
can only be obtained at their establishments: London houses:
Minories and Aldgate, New Oxford-street, and Tottenham-court-road.
Country brauch, Bradford, Yorkshire.
CAUTION—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacies of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. -have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of
obtaining the genuine tinted and registered achromatic lenses should
apply only direct to them, at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, W.
CAUTION.—The THREE-GUINEA GOLD
BRIDESMAIDS' LOCKET, and the Five-guinea Gold Brides¬
maids' Bracelet, having been registered by Messrs. HOWELL, JAMES,
and Co., the public is respectfully cautioned that they can only be ob¬
tained at their establishment.—Howell, James, and Co., jewellers to
the Royal Family, 5, 7, 9, Regent-street, Pall-mall, London.
CAUTION.—The Bag of Bags.—The ELGIN
WRITING-CASE and A B C. DESPATCH BOX are the pro¬
perty and invention of Messrs. JENNER and KNEWSTUB, of
No. 33, St. James-street, and 66, Jermyn-Street. The public are re¬
spectfully cautioned against illegal and deceptive imitations of their
patents, trade marks, and placards.
CAUTION.—RED HEART RUM.—The public are
cautioned against fraudulent imitations of this celebrated spirit.
Owing to its great success in cases of low fever, cholera, diarrhea, and
overworked brain, this caution is rendered necessary. Sold only in
bottles, which bear the brand of Henry White and Co. on corks, cap¬
sules, and labels.—J. G. TURNEY, 61, King William-street, Lon¬
don, E.C., and 158, New Bond-street.
CAUTION.—Water Filters.—The LONDON and
GENERAL WATER PURIFYING COMPANY caution the
puplic that all its FILTERS have the Company's name on them, and
no others are genuine. It is also very essential that all letters should
have the number of their depot in the Strand, to prevent mistakes and
disappointment, as numerous letters have miscarried when the number
has been omitted. For prices, &c., apply or address to 157, Strand, W.C.
CAUTION.—WATERS'S QUININE WINE.—
Proceedings i Chancery.—Purchasers are cautioned against imi¬
tations of this preparation, as it was elicited in the recent Chancery
proceedings taken by Robert Waters that at least one unprincipled imi¬
tator did not use quinine at all in the manufacture of his wine. The
genuine article was supplied to the sick and wounded during the late
war, and bears our trade mark.—Waters and Williams, Worcester¬
house, 34, Eastcheap.
CAUTION.—In calling the attention of the trade
to a recent decision in the House of Lords, in the case or
Wotherspoon y. Currie," whereby our exclusive right to the use of
the word "Glenfield" in connexion with Starch is indisputably esta¬
blished, would also intimate that this decision renders the sale of the
starch made by the defendant illegal, and will subject the seller of it
to a penalty of £10,000. We beg to intimate to those who may have
been induced to buy it, that to save them from total loss we will
allow 20s. per cwt. for it at the Glenfield Starch Works, Paisley, in
exchange for the genuine article, at the current price. This will
entall a loss upon ourselves, as the packets will be broken up and sold
for waste starch, but it will at the same time be the means of rendering
the article useless for further deception. Any information that will
lead to conviction will be rewarded.—R. WOTHERSPOON and Co.
PEPSINE.—The public are CAUTIONED against
IMITATIONS of MORSON'S PEPSINE. This preparation (in
its three forms) is issued with our labels, name, and address, and is
that which is recommended by the medical profession.—Thomas Mor¬
son and Son, Nos. 31, 33, and 124, Southampton-row, Russell-sq., W.C.
CANNES, South of France.—Mr. JOHN TAYLOR
(English agent), being now in London, can be COMMUNICATED
with, by letter or by appointment, at Berry, Brothers, and Co.'s 3, St.
James's-street. S.W.
