ANNIE RECEIVED the LETTER and EN¬

CLOSURE safely.
DEAREST E" "N.—RETURN to us without
a moment's delay, or at least write. If you knew our wretched¬
ness, you would. We know all, and all is arranged. At present no
one but ourselves knows of your a
e.
FRASER. —Should this attract the notice of Captain
FRASER, who (then a Lientenant in the 4th Light Dragoons) was
stationed about 1846 at Newcastle Emlyn, he is requested to be good
enough to ADDRESS A LETTER at once as undermentioned.—Messrs.
R. and C. H. Hodgson, 10, Salisbury-street, Strand, W.C.
MORAL and PHYSICAL.—Rev. E. COKE, St.
James's, Bethn.
green, THANKS.J. C. S., and requests assist-¬
ance towards his 500,000 pence, free marriages for the poor fund. Also
Anonymous for clothes. Death at hand from starvation, No. 10, Pol¬

IN consequence of the reduction of the 13th depot
battalion at Birr, it is requested that all CLAIMS against the
OFFICERS' MESS be at once sent in, addressed to the President,
Officers' Mess, Birr Barracks.
WILLIAM GIBSON, Captain 40th Regiment, President
Mess Committee.
Birr Barracks, 23d January, 1865.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—To
Hotel, Lodging-house Keepers, Shipping Agents, and others.—
ABSCONDED, in May last, having in his possession about £3,000, the
property of his employsrs, the Borneo Company (Limited), Hongkong,
WALTER HENRY DALGLEISH, formerly their clerk. He arrived
at the International Hotel, London-bridge, on the 29th April last, and
left for Scotland on the 5th of May; he went to Glasgow, where he
passed under the name of Ralph Ensign, thence to Ayr, where he
assumed the name of Charles Walter Thorne; he afterwards re-ap¬
peared in London about the 22d of May a
Gr.e
en.
ee
Browning, staying a

name ; he the e to
m    n con
about 18
pany w e e
years of age, and of small stature ; while at Canada he purchased some
Canadian bills of exchange in the name of Henry Raleigh; he then
appeared on the 25th of August at Cork as Henry Stewart, Henry
Hudson, and Henry Raleigh; from thence he appears at Dublin, Bel¬
fast, and Kingstown, and at the last mentioned place, where he was on
the 17th September, at which time he had in his possession fit is sup¬
posed) about £1,500 in Scotch bank notes, was known as Henry Pol¬
lard, and it is supposed that he has gone to Canada or some other
colony. Description of Dalgleish—age 25 years, height 5 feet 11 inches,
dark complexion and hair, slight beard and moustache, very dark eyes,
slight scar on side of nose or over the eys, in delicate health. The
above reward will be paid by the Borneo Company (Limited), 7, Minc¬
ing-lane, London, to any person giving such information that shall lead
to the apprehension and conviction of the said Walter Henry Dal¬
gleish. Information to Sergeant Palmer, detective department, Great
Scotland-yard, London.
LOST, from 3, Castle-street, Holborn, on 26th inst.,
a BLACK and TAN, smooth TERRIER DOG, with slit ears,
traight across the forehead. Had on red leather collar; name
"Barney." A liberal REWARD on bringing to above address.
LOST, on the evening of the 25th inst., in the neigh¬
bourhood of the Fenchurch-street Railway Station, a FIVE
POUND NOTE. Number known and payment stopped. Whoever
will bring the same to H.
at Messrs. Barnett and Co.'s, 62, Lom¬

LOST, an ENVELOPE, directed, containing the
halves of three Bank notes:—£300, No. X.F, 91,948; £200,
W.Z. 79.799; £100, No. C.B. 33, 185. Notice is given to the Bank, and
they are of use but to the owner. anye
bringing them to F. Kearsey.

Do the trouble.
LOST, on the 20th inst., between the city and
Farringdon-street Station, a PATENT LEATHER CASE,
containing a dishonoured bill, some receipt stamps, with owner's
name thereon, a small memorandum book, a ring, and a trifle in
silver money. A REWARD will be given to anyone restoring the
same to A. B., at Messrs. Nicholas and James', 6, Bow-lane, Cheap¬
side, E.C.
LOST, on the afternoon of the 26th inst., in getting
out of a carriage, either at Harvey and Nicholls', Knights¬
bridge, or 117, Mount-street, W., or 76, New Bond-street, a long
GOLD CHAIN, with double eyeglass, a gold cross, with an inscrip¬
tion, and gold watch fastener. The finder will be handsomely RE¬
WARDED upon the same being taken to Baldwin's library, 18, Albert¬

ONE GUINEA REWARD. —LOST, on Thursday,
near Doctors'-commons, a SHORT WILL, written on paper. Ap¬

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, between Cam¬
bridge-place, Regent's-park, and Queen-square, Bloomsbury, on
the morning of January 25, an EMERALD RING. Whosoever will
bring the same to Ferriman's library, 98, Albany-street, Regent's-park,

PEPPLE.—His Maiesty King PEPPLE, of BONNY,
deposited in the year 1859 in the
ses Baker-street
Bazaar, certain property. His REPRESENTATIVE in this country
(if any) is requested to APPLY to the manager, John Hanes, store
warehouses, Baker-street Bazaar,
COLLINS.—Mrs. COLLINS, formerly of 30, Gil¬
bert-street, deposited in the year 1859 in the storewarehouses,
Baker-street Bazaar, certain property. She or her REPRESENTA¬
TIVES are requested to APPLY to the manager, John Hanes, store
warehouses, Baker-street Bazaar, W.
MARRIS.—Mr. HARRIS, formerly of 1, Chiches-¬
ter-place, Harrow-road, deposited in the year 1860, in the store
ouses, Baker-street Bazaar, certain property. He or his REPRE¬
SENTATIVES are requested to APPLY to the manager, John Hanes,

VENTWORTH.—Mr. WENTWORTH, formerly
of 4, Loudonn-road, and afterwards of 6, Grove-end-road, de¬
posited, in the year 1859, in the store warehouses, Baker-street Bazaar,
certain property. He or his REPRESENTATIVES are requested to
APPLY to the manager, John Hanes, store warehouses, Baker-street

DOBSON.—Mr. DOBSON (address unknown) de¬
posited, on the 14th May, 1863, a CART at the carriage depart¬
ment. Baker-street Bazaar. Unless previously CLEARED, the same
will be SOLD by Auction, on Tuesday, Feb. 14, to pay expenses.
HACKSON.—General JACKSON deposited, on the
5th May, 1860, a side-light LA.
ge department.
Baker-street Bazaar. He or his REPRESENTATIVES are requested
to APPLY to the manager, Charles Hailing, carriages department,
Baker-street Bazaar, W.
NEXT of KIN WANTED, respecting British,
colonial, and foreign properties unclaimed.—Families considering
themselves entitled to any lost property, left at any period subsequent
to 1740, can apply by letter (free of charge) to RICHARDS and Co.,

MORWOOD (HENRIETTA SARAH), deceased,
widow of Thomas Richard Horwood, late of Canonbury-villas,
Islington, in the county of Middlesex.—All persons claiming as NEXT
of KIN of the above named HENRIETTA SARAH HORWOOD
are required to forward a statement of their claims in writing, with
the necessary proofs, to Messrs. Jas. Taylor, Mason, and Taylor, soli¬
citors, 15, Furnival's-inn, London, on or before the 1st day of April
next.
TO COAL OWNERS, Masters of Coal Vessels,
Clerks and Agents of Collieries, and to all others whom it may con¬
cern.—The Local Board of Health for the District of Kingston-upon
Hull hereby give notice, that from and after Monday, the 1st day of
May next, the provisions of the "Kingston-upon-Hull Improvement
Act, 1854," now applicable in that behalf for the purpose of punishing
and preventing FR en.
MPOSITIONS with respect to COAL,
and also the provisions of the "Local Government Supplemental Act,
1863," for the like purpose, will be enforced by the said Local Board in
all places within their district, with respect to all coal brought to, sent
from, or passing through such district. And the said Local Board
hereby give further notice, that from and after such said 1st day of
May next, the clerk or agent of the colliery from whence any coal
brought into or through the said district of the said Local Board is
obtained is required, under the provisions of the said "Local Govern¬
ment Supplemental Act, 1853," to send a duplicate of the original pit¬
note delivered to the owner of such coal or the master of the vessel car¬
rying it, denoting the quantity and quality thereof, by the post next
after the delivery of such original pit note to the said owner or master
as aforesaid, to the Coal Inpector for the time being of the said Local
Board, at his office in the Sculcoates-hall, in Kingston-upon-Hull afore¬
said, there to be registered, filed, and kept by him; and any such clerk
or agent omitting to comply with the foregoing requirement will subject
himself to the penalties in such said "Local Government Supple¬
mental Act, 1863," mentioned.
By order of the Local Board of Health for Kingston-upon-Hull,
Hull, 5th January, 1865.
C. S. TODD, Clerk to the Bo a re.


IN CHANCERY.—In the Matter of an Act of Par¬
liament made and passed in the Session holden in the 19th and
20th years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An Act to
Facilitate Leases and Sales of Settled Estates;" and in the Matter of
an Act of Purliament made and passed in the 21st and 22d years of
the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An Act to Amend and
Extend the Settled Estates Act, 1856;" and in the Matter of an
ESTATE described and known by the general terms of Pettiward's
Putney Estate, situate in the parish of Putney in the county of
Surrey, devised and settled by the WILL of ROGER PETTIWARD,
Esquire, deceased, and by an indenture of settlement executed
in pursuance thereof.—Notice is hereby given, that a petition in the
abovementioned matter was, on the 23d day of January, 1865, pre¬
sented to the Right Hon. the Master of the Rolls by Robert
John Pettiward, of Finborough-hall, in the county of Suffolk, Esq
praying, that, in conformity with e
tins of the above¬
mentioned Acts of Parliament, general POWERS of GRANTING
BUILDING and REPAIRING LEASES of the PIECES or
PARCELS of LAND, or ground messuages, tenements, and heredita¬
ments, situate within the parish of Putney, in the county of
Surrey, thereinbefore more particularly described or mentioned,
for terms respectively not exceeding 99 years and 60 years
respectively in possession, and subject nevertheless to the provisions
and restrictions in the said Acts of Parlament in that behalf con¬
tained, may be conferred upon and vested in the said petitioner during
his life, and after his decease then upon and in the person or persons
who by virtue of or under the limitations contained in the indenture
of settlement of the 12th day of November, 1835, in the said petition
mentioned, shall for the time being be in the actual possession of, or
be entitled to, the rents, issues, and profits of the lands, tenements, and
hereditaments situate in the said parish of Putney and county of Sur¬
rey, and by the same indenture of settlement settied and assured if
such person or persons respectively should have atained the age of 21
years; and also upon Horatic, Earl Nelson, and Thomas Massingberd
Pyke, therein named, or the survivor of them, his heirs or assigns, be¬
ing the trustees or trustee for the time being of the said indenture of
settlement, during the minority or respective minorities of any such
person or persons who by virtue of or under any of the limitations
therein aforesaid should, for the time being, be in possession
or entitled as aforesaid, and should be under the age of 21 years,
such leases to be in all respects in conformity with the provisions
of the said Acts of Parlament in that behalf provided, and that
it might be referred to the proper taxing master of this honourable
Court to tax the petitionerand all persons served with the said petition,
their costs of and incident to that application as between solicitor and
client, and that the amount of such costs when taxed and certified may
be declared to be a charge subject to a certain mortgage security of the
13th day of November, 1835, in the said petition mentioned, and to the
principal and interest moneys thereby secured upon the freehold and
inheritance of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate, lying,
and being in the said parish of Putney and county of Surrey, which
are comprised in and settled and assured by the said indenture of set¬
tlement of the 12th day of November, 1835, or such part or parts
thereof as to the said Court might seem necessary and proper, consist¬
ently with the provisions of the said Acts of Parliament, might be
made and given, or that His Honour might be pleased to make such
further or other order in the premises as the circumstances of the case
might require and to His Honour might seem meet. And notice is
hereby also given, that the petitioner may be served with any order of
the Court or notice relating to the subject of the said petition, at the
office of his solicitors, Messrs. White, Broughton, and White, situate
at No. 12, Great Marlborough-street, in the county of Middlesex.—
Dated this 26th day of January 1863.
WHITE, BROUGHTON, and WHITE, Solicitors for
the Petitioner.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz.:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
NOTICE.—JOHN BROGDEN continues to carry
on the business at 16. Henrietta-street, Covent-garden, his late
partner having relinquished his share and interest in the said business
and the goodwill thereof.
NOTICE.—Mr. WATHERSTON (late of Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden, goldsmith), begs respectfully to inform
the nobility and gentry that his late partnership havin
tien dis oi ved,
he now ca

s s tem of business at 12, Pall-mall east,
adjoining the National Gallery, under the firm of Watherston and Son
NOTICE of REMOVAL (CIGAR FLOOR), from
Cornhill, to 35, Gresham-street, E.C.—WHITMORE and
BAYLEY.
THE RANTOONE. 142 and 143, Cheapside,
London.
JONCERTS, Meetings, &c.—The ARUNDEL GREAT
HALL, capable of holding 800 persons, to be LET. Concerts,
5 guineas meetings, ge,
Baiere Also several smaller rooms to be let.
Apply to the Secretare Whittington Club, 37, Arundel-street, Strand.
EXHIBITION ROOM to be LET.—The large
EXHIBITION ROOM, known as the Albert Smith Room, Egyp¬
tian-hall, Piccadilly, having been completely repaired and renovated, is
to be LET. It is equally adapted for the exhibition of pictures, moving
panoramas,
eme ei e
reainments. Apply at Mr.
Mitchell's Roval library, 33, Old Bond-street.
TO LITERARY and SCIENTIFIC SOCIETIES.
—To be LET, in a leading thorought

gaik of Charing-cross, excellent ACCOMMODATION forEVENING
MEETINGS, capable of holding 200 persons. For particulars apply
at 9, Gerrard-street, Soho.
