D. H. to T. H.—I must hear, immediately.

.H.—I got yours, written on the 5th of May, but not
in time. WRITE, at once, to 44, New Bond-street. I must
OYAL NATIONAL LIFE-BOAT INSTITU¬
ommittee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE t
RECEIPT of EIGHT GUINEAS from the Ansley Bay Regatta Com¬
Ea on ravour of Staff-Surgeon G. P. M. Woodward, M.D.
J. J.M.—For the sake of your mother and sisters do
anot let the hasty step of Saturday destroy the prospects of your
life. Come to your father at once, or write to your uncle at Canon¬
ury before it is too late. Matters shall be satisfactorily arranged.
THIRHOOT, India.—To the Count from M. M.—
The note was received, and was
ae ed to see the promise of send¬
ing that which is so much needed—do not fail


requested to send before Friday, 22d inst., as something
carne.st.
very distressing will happen on that day if you do not.
LICE MORRIS, formerly of Leeds and of Temple,
London.-A relative has arrived

if you will FORWARD your PRESENT ADDRESS to J. S., the Wel¬

ERCHANT SEAMEN's ORPHAN ASYLUM,
Snaresbrook.—The Secretary begs to ACKNOWLEDGE, with
many thanks, the RECEPT, per Capt. Williams, of £52 10s., being
the proceeds of a bazaar held on board the Paramatta, together with
other contributions, in aid of the funds of the Institution, from the
passengers, officers, and crew of that vessel, during her late outward
and homeward yoyages. —117 and 118, Leadenhall-Street, May 19, 1868.
NOTICE to COACHBUILDERS.—A SUBSCRIP.
TION, limited to one guinea, is being raised as a slight
TESTIMONIAL to Mr. VIAL, of Sydney, Australia, who ha
lily
frustrated the assailant O'Farrell's attempt on the life of H.R.H. the
Duke of Edinburgh. Apply to L. J. Leslie, Esq., 45, Margaret-street,
W.: Peters and Sons; or Hooper and Co., London.
LOST, about mid-day on Wednesday, the 13th inst.,
near Oxford-circus, a LADY's GOLD WATCH and SMALL
HAIN, gold pencil attached, with blue stones in, one stone missing.
Whoever has found the same and will return it to 72, Portland-place,
shall be handsomely rewarded.
LOST, at Prince's-gate, on Tuesday, May. 19, a
WHITE MALTESE DOG, with a spot on its ha
hair at the ends tawny colour; answers to the name of "Ness." Who¬
ever will take it to 20, Prince's-gardens, South Kensington, shall be
REWARDED
LOST, on Tuesday last, about 5 o'clock in the after¬
noon, between getting out of a Royal Blue omnibus, Piccadilly,
and Truefitt's, Burlington-arcade, a MAGENTA and GILT PURSE,
lined with green, containing about £12 in gold and silver, a return
ticket from Victoria Station to Streatham, and other papers, and cards
of address of owner. Whoever will take it to 77, Strand, shall be
iberally REWARDED.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST, on Tuesday
last, in Conduit-street or Regent-street, a long GOLD EAR¬
RING, composed of little chains. Whoever will take it to Messrs. Hen¬
ningham and Hollis, 5, Mount-street, shall receive the above reward.
CIGAR CASE.—ONE POUND REWARD.—
LOST, on Saturday night, 16th May, a CIGAR CASE, mono¬
gram one side, regimental crest (vilith) the other containing photo¬
graphs, letter, cigars, &c. Apply to porter, Junior United Service Club.
No further reward will be offered.
TO CABMEN and others.—THREE POUNDS RE¬
WARD.—LEFT in a four-wheel CAB, on Thursday evening last,
a BLACK BAG, with initials on outside. The fare was taken from
Mayfair to Pelham Club, afterwards to Weymouth-Street. The above
reward will be paid to any one who will return the same and contents
to the hall porter, Pelham Club, 15, George-street, Hanover-square.
CAUTION to BANKERS, Bill Brokers, and others.
LOST, on the 13th or 14th inst., a B t.
for £6.0, drawn by J. C.
Bitter and Co. on
amuel Johnston and Co., of Liverpool, and accepted
payable in London on 25th inst., at the banking-house of Messrs.

leacon, and Co. Payment of the above has been


formation respecting it is requested
oe e y
Pawle, No. 31.
Nongmorton-street, E.
NEXT of KIN WANTED.—Wheeler or Bissett.—
ANNE WHEELER, a daughter of John Wheeler, late of Lug¬
wardine, near Hereford, deceased, was a servant at Bristol, and after¬
wards in Westminster, about 20 years ago, and is reported to have
married— Bisset, who went to Australia. She, if living, or her per¬
onal representative, if she has died since 28th December, 1859, is
ENTITLED to a SUM of MONEY. Apply to Mr. H. D. Francis, solici¬
tor, Cordwainers'-hall, No. 7, Cannon-street, London, by whom any
information respecting her will be thankfully received.
NEXT of KIN (new edition, just published).—A
classified and descriptive INDEX (of 18,000 names guaranteed,
to advertisements for Next of Kin, Chancery Heirs, Legatees, &c., from
1760 to 1868, post free 30 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER, 17, South¬
ampton-buildings, Chancer-lane, London, W.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to Direct the Re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £100 new £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of ELIZABETH WALL,
of Broad-street, Bloomsbury, widow, and which was transferred to the
said Commissioners, in consequence of the Dividends thereon having
remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1848 ;—Notice is hereby given
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Samuel Hada¬
way, surviving
tecutor of Elizabeth Wall, widow deceased, who has
claimed the same, unleas
to ther claimant shall sooner appear and
make out his claim thereto.
PARISH of ST.C.
SORGE, HANOVER-SQUARE.
—I, the unders
aoede onor, hereby give notice, that I have fixed.
the AUDIT of the ACCOUNT
relating to the po e.

of the e e e
t th e r i Sot. o.
te, Hanover-square, in th
con.
oe iddlesex, for the

of March, 1868,
 h e 2.

ame
on Saturday, the 30th of May inst.,
10 o'clock in th e
forenoon, at the Parochial offices, in Mount-street, when and

all persons who
ae a re
fo d a t at such
aea n re required.
to attend before.

submit all books, documents, bills, and
vouchers containing.
relating to the
accounts, or to moneys

and applicable to the relief of the poor of the said parish.

868.
FRANCIS TOWERS STREETEN.
NOTICE is hereby
toe e t hat on the 13th day of
July next, APPLICATION will
e ad e to er Majesty's Jus¬
tices
the Peace assembled at Quarter Sessions, in and for the county
of Middlesex, at the Sessions-house, at Clerkenwell¬t


DIVERTING and TURNING a

cert
PUBLIC HIGHWAY or FOO  
tewe i th in the limits of th e
Local Board for th e dest e o.
ey, in the parish of Hornsey, in

 te in
a at the north-east side of Strond-green¬
lane (nearly midway between the respective points at which the public
roads, called the Hanley-road and Tollington-park, enter the said
Stroud-green-lane), and passing over lands in the occupation of Charles
Turner and William Hodson respectively, for a distance of 70 feet, or
thereabouts, in a north-easterly direction, and for a further distance of
550 feet, or thereabouts, in an easterly direction, to a point where
another public highway or footway from Stroud-green-lane aforesaid
joins the same, which two highways or footways, after such junction,
lead as one highway towards the public park, or intended public park,
called, or intended to be called, Finsbury-park, and for making
in lieu thereof another good and sufficient highway or footway over
lands, part whereof belonging to William Hodson, and part whereof
belonging to Joseph Lucas, and now in the occupation of Charles
Turner and the said William Hodson respectively, such old highway
or footway, and proposed new highway or footway, being all within the
limits of the Local Board for the District of Hornsey, in t

Hornsey aforesaid, which proposed new highway or footway will be
more commodions to the public: and that the certificate of two
Justices having viewed the same, and the proposed diversion and
turning thereof, and of proof having been given to their satisfaction
of the several notices required by the Statute in that case made and
provided havanng
ber
July published, with
e plan of the old and pro¬
posed
tew highway or footway,
ahe oe the consents of the respective
owners of the lands over which the said proposed new highway or foot¬
way is intended to pass, will be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace for
the said county on or before the 6th day of
tae n ert.
atted this
9th day of May, 1868. (Signed)
s
t 
CH.
RNER.
T. A. VERRALL
J. OAKESHOTT.
J. CLAEKE
Members of the Local Board for the District of Hornsey, in the
parish of Hornsey, in the county of Middlesex, executing the
office of Surveyor of the Highways of the said District.

WILLIAM POTTER, Clerk.
he Common Seal of the said Local Board.
NOTICE is hereby given, that on the 13th day of
July next, APPLICATION will be made to Her Majesty's
Justices of the Peace assembled at Quarter Sessions, in and for the
county of Middlesex, at the Sessions-house at Clerkenwell-green in and
for the said county for an ORDER for DIVERTING and TURNING
a certain PUBLIC HIGHWAY or FOOTWAY, within the limits
of the Local Board for the district of Hornsey, in the parish of Hornsey
in the said county, commencing at the north-east side of Strond-green¬
lane, at a point about 12; feet in a north-westerly direction from the
junction of a public road called Tollington-park with the said Strond¬
green-lane, and passing over lands in the occupation of Charles Turner
and William Hodson respectively, in a north-easterly direction, for 425
feet or thereabouts, to a point.
sere another public highway or foot¬
way from Stroud-green-lane aforesaid joins the same, which two high¬
ways or footways, after such junction lead as one highway towards the
public park, or intended public park, called or intended to be called
Finsbury-park, and for
in e e thereof another good and suf¬
ficen
ighw y o footway o
rlands,
ar ereof belonging to Wil¬
liam Hodson, and part where of belonging to Joseph
cas, and now in
th e eiecu p ate
of o
arles Turner and the said William Hodson respec¬
the ha
We e e e oe
footway. an
roposed newhighway or footway,
being all
vh it t 
rd for the District of Horn¬
se n e e.
of Hornsey aforesaid, which proposed new highway

bem ore commodious to the
tae i  ae h hae he cer¬
ificate of two Justices having viewed the same and the

sion and turning ther
 a d of pro e ht

atin



tae ede the Statute in the

and provided having been duly publi.
e ted ith the plan of the old and
proposed new highway or footway, and the consents of the re
cetiy
owners of the lands over which
said pron
ss

way is intended
toe peass, will be lodged with the Clerk of the
toeno
the e ai e e ore
o 6th day of June next.—


ay1868.
et—

URNER
WEREALS.
BA




Members o
taeien o cal Board for the District eh o n,
te e
parish of Hornsey, in

coun
lesex, executing the
ofice of Surveyor of the Highways
the said District.

WILLIAM POTTER
lerk.
Common
tha a e es
toard.
ISREPRESENTATION.—The TEN GUINEA
SU S, i d,
at gold, machine made.
o vertise
e be procured at 37

cet. . STREETER
finds it necessary to make this announcement, as set d
naments,
stated to be of his manufacture and of 18 carat gold, are now being
offered to the

are in reality of a much inferior
qual

espec.
e the provinces, are therefore can¬
toioned to e e
L
te e e in,
ce.
HANCO
K, BURBROOK, and Co. (now


uit.

rom Bond-street.
LL

HLOADE 
AE U .
Mr.


con.
csoseitnion at Woolwich before the
Small Arm
Committee, the £600 prize, being the highest prize awarded
was won by Alex
tien yee e dinburgh,

sesesesass

No e es, ammnitinon
R S S EY's
BOXER CARTRIDGES, 450 bore, which were recon
miended y the

ittee for adoption as the Standard.
the noin i n f o e
tish
Army.
JESS.
S. HERRING and SON have REMOVED
their ue.
and Estate
Ae ency Bs.

street, to their new office, 21, Moorgate-street, Bank, where, in con¬
ienction with e.

nheill, the e in
carry on their business as auctionee.
valuers, estate agents, and sur¬

HERRING and SON, 21, M e.
gate-street, Bank, and
xton¬
MAIMEON ER S W N.
andn Co, beg to notily the

e t e s.
so rom Ludgate-hill to the Crown¬
buildings,

ess
business entrs.
188, Fleet-street.
ae e rican books


s
treet.
Tho Publishers Cireular office, 188, Fleet-street.
Export and countrey
daen artent, Clifford's-inn-pasas.


nications may now be addr

SAMPSON LOW, SON, and MARSTON, English, American,

oonse
Publishers.
S E
ta E
st come to 
knowledge that
W

nt.

aoe ents for
HNOERARAROPEROE
IS PATENT DAY
GHT REFLECTOR e

ITION the public th er
rse
atives of our firm who
do not produce prin te.
oe o f or ders, n or
al e e
ese re¬
sponsible for the good manufactur of
ene ors unless authenticated

by o e
P. E. CHAPPUIS and Co., Sole Proprietors and Manufac¬
turers of Chappuis' Patents for Reflecting Light.
No. 69, Fleet-street, April 25, 1868.
NOTICE.—Z. SIMPSON and Co. (formerly T.
Simpson and Co.) beg to inform their friends and the public that
their BUSINESS of SILKMERCERS and GENERAL DRAPERS,
established at 48, 49, 50, and 53, Farringdon-street, is still
CARRIED ON by them at their New Premises, 66, Farringdon-street,

POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES instituted with secrecy and despatch
divorce and other cases, by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington-green.
PRIVATE INQU
REYEORE
CE, 2, Southampton-¬
but
Nncery-lane.—Mr. B E ENT.
angs, C.

SY E
experience, undertakes inquiries of


t e.
the Divorc o.
spatch
 Reference to soliciiors.
peci.
WIMMIN
TAUGHT, in six or eight lessons; no

ter.
terenind

uines.

Lambeth Baths, by Pro.

fessor BECKWITH, years the Champion,
woi mer,
nhed his expe¬
rienced Assistant. Schools attended within 50 miles of Londons
