.M.—For Heaven's sake return, or give us some
clue as to your whereabouts. Everything will be arranged.
MANS CHANGER.—Should this meet the eve of one
to whom it will be familiar, he is entreated to WRITE to a sin¬
ere friend at the old address.
ADDRESS WANTED.—Capt. WARRINER, a
trustee under the will of the late A. A. Wallis, Esq., is re¬
quested to COMMUNICATE with his co-trustee, C. E. Banks, 11,
Gray's-inn-place, Gray's-inn, London, W. C.
CHARLES MATTOCK.—INFORMATION is de¬
sired of CHARLES MATTOCK, a Mariner, formerly of 54, New¬
cut, Blackfriars, London. He was last heard of at the gold diggings,
Mount Blackwood, Clows Forest, Victoria, in 1860. If he is alive, and
will communicate with the undersigned, he will be put into possession
of some property. Any person giving information of his death will be
rewarded on applying to Crouch and Spencer, Solicitors, 52, Queen¬
Victoria-street, London.
WEBSTER (GEORGE HARLEY), who was
married at Saint Saviour's, Southwark, May, 1853, to Emma
Gunnell; witnesses, Francis Parr and Fanny Drewett.—If the above
George Harley Webster is living, and will COMMUNICATE his AD¬
DRESS to S. B., care of Mr. Cheeseman, 4, Falmouth-road, Trinity-¬
square, Southwark, London, he will hear of something to his ad¬

PURSUANT to an Order of the High Court of Justice

Bonner deceased Tuckery Good 187s B. 555' All persons CLAIMING
to be COUSINS of the Testator THOMAS BONNER of Bridport
in the County of Dorset Gentleman, living on the 18th day of March
1873 being the nate of his Will and on the 14th day of June 1873 being

of consanguinity as second cousins and the persons claiming to be the
legal personal representatives of such consins and any persons claim¬
ing to be children of such cousins who may be dead or their legal per¬
sonal representatives are by their Soficitors on or before the third day

Master of the Rolls in the Rolls Yard Chancery Lane Middlesex or in
default they will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the
said Order Monday the 17th day of June 1878 at 1.30 of the Clock in
the afternoon at the said Chambers is appointed for hearing and adju¬
dicating upon the claims.—Dated this 25th day of March 1878.
COMBE & WAINWRIGHT 9 Staple Inn W.C. Agents for W. H.
Manley of Bridport, in the County of Dorset Plaintiff's Solicitor.
NOTICE In the Matter of Andrew William Ander¬
son Armour son of John Armour for sometime Tutor to the
Rajah of Vizeanagarum Madras Pressdency and of Jane Alicia
Armour his wife and in the Matter of the Last Will and d estament of
Sarah Johnson late of Madras Widow deceased. Notice is hereay
given pursuant to an Order of the High Court of Judieature at
Madras dated the 15th day of November 1877 made in the Matter of Act
XXVIII of 1866 of the Government of India, and in the Matter of the
last Will and Testament of the abovenamed Sarah Johnson deceased
that all persons interested in any order that may be made regarding
the disposal of monies payable to the abovenamed ANOREW
WILLIAM ANDERSON ARMOUR under the will of the said Sarah
Johnson deceased, are required to prefer and prove their CLAIMS
before the High Court of Judicature at Madras on the 15th day of July
1878. Dated at Madras this 21st day of February 1878
GRANT  GRANT Attorneys of Executer with Probate of
Lee
THE COMMITTEE of the WEST LONDON
HOSPITAL thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE a DONATION of
£00 from R. R. Bignell, Esq., in aid of the funds.—T. ALEXANDER,
Sec. and Supernrtendent, April 1st, 1878.
CHELSEA HOSPITAL for WOMEN, 178, King's¬
road, S.W.—The Committee of Management beg most gratefully
to ACKNOWLEDGE a CONTRIBUTION of £10 10s. from R. G.
Mumio, Esq. and £2 2s. from Phillp C. Dodd, Esq., in aid of the
New frospital Builning Fund.—J. S. WOOD, Sec.
OREADNOUGHT. —SEAMEN'S HOSPITAL,
Greenwich, S.E.—The Committee gratefully ACKNGWLEDGE
the RECEIFT of the following SUM towards the £5,500 required
to enable them to defray the current expenses of the present year:—
Society for the Discharge and Relief of Per ons Imprisoned for Small
Debra, £20.—HENRY C. BURDETT, Secretary.
LOST, between Brentford and Kew stations, on
South-Western Railway, on Thursday last, a RED LEATHER
PURSE, containing two sovereigns, some silver. Civil Service ticket,
&c. Whoever shall take the samerto 3, Church-road, Willesden, shall
be REWARDED.
LOST or STOLEN.—Caution to Bankers, Bill Dis.
counters, and otners.—A BILL of EXCHANGE for £2,000¬
numbered 1141, daten Mauritius, 25th January, 1878, drawn by Messrs¬
Ircland, Fraser, and Co. on the Bank of South Australia, in London¬
payable 80 days after sight to the order of Messrs. A. Marzand and Co
and by them specially endorsed to the order of Ch. Peck and Delannay.
of Paris, was acceptel under date 4th March, 1878, and subsequently
became, and now is LOST or SIOLEN. All persons are hereby cau¬
tioned that the said bill has not pees endorsed by Messrs. Ch. Peck and
Delaunay, and against negotiating or otherwise dealing with the same,
and any person who may possess the same is requested to communicate
with the undersigned solicitors for the owner thereof.—FLUX and Co.
No. 3. East india-avenue, London, E.C.
LOST, on the 4th April, in Hyde-park, a BLACK
DACHSHUND BITCH, all black except white spot on chest.
Answers to the name of Zammfuss. Whoever shall take the same to
No. 44, Belgrave-square, shall be liberally REWARDED.
APOLOGY.—The Editor of the Man of the World
herely APOLOGIZES to Mr.GOVER, Solicitor and Member of
the London School Board, for a paragraph which appeared in his paper
of the 30th ult., the sain paragraph being entirely devoid of foun¬
dation.—49, Fleet-street, E.C., 4th April, 1878.
TO MEMBERS of the HOUSE of COMMONS.
An earnest effort is being made, in the interests of
fully 11,000 licensed dealers, to obtain a SELECT COMMITTEE
of INQUIRY inco the LAWS RELATING to the HALL-MARKING
of GOLD and SILVER PLATE. It is urged that the laws as they at
present prevail are utterly at variance with the modern requirements
of the craits, subversive of freestrade principles, and obstructive to
art progress and to technical education in its application to silver¬
smiths' work.—Edward J. Watherston, 12. Pall-mall east.
PARIS EXHIBITION.—Messrs. MINTON having
conceded to Messrs. Thomas Goode and Co. the privilege of
acquiring their productions for the Paris Exhibition, beg to inform
the public, that arrangements have been made to EXHIBIT a
selection of important SPECIMENS in the Pottery Galleries in South
Audley-street, London. The collection is necessarily simited, as, in
accordance with the expressed desire of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales
that the British section of the Exhibition should be completed by the
1st of May, the greater part of the objects has been already forwarded
to Paris. On view until the 10th April.
PARIS EXHIBITION.—MINTONS CHINA.—
Messrs. MORTLOCK, of Oxford-street, beg to contradict the
rumour that they have purchased Messrs., Minton's Works for the
Paris Exhibition; on the contrary, they have determined to devete their
undivided attention to their nome patrons and the completion and ar¬
rangement of their Exhibition Rooms in Orchard-street, Which they
propose to open arter Easter. They nave on view, in addition to their
magnificent collection of Minton's and Worcester China, a suite of
services for Australia, probably the finest ever made. An inspection
is solicited prior to their despatch.—Tue Old Pottery Galleries 202,203,
25d Oxford-street, 30, 31, and 32, Orcnard-street, Portman-square.
PARIS EXHIBITION, 1878. A nandsome HEXA¬
GON BLACK and GOLD PLATE-GLASS SHOW-CASE for
SALE, exhibited at the Philadelphia Exhibition, 1876. Price £100.
Apply C. Jeffreys, Exhibition Show-case Mager, 103, Hatton-garden,
Holborn.
INDIARUBBER STAMPS.—Notice to Bankers,
Merchants, Traders, and others.—The PATENT RIGHTS of
LEIGHTON, BROTHERS, having been largely infriaged, fabri¬
cators, vendors, and users are hereby CAUTIONED.—Signen this 5th
of April, 1878.—The Patent Printing ourface Company, London
and Paris.
PEDIGREES TRACED and FAMILY TRADI¬
TIONS EXAMINED and COMPARED with ancient MSS. and
County Histories in all the public libraries. Modern arms verified and
corrected by reference to the original grants. 15 years' experience.—
Prieco, 35a, Strand, London,
MANAWATU LAND ORDERS.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the 30th day November, 1877, an Act was passed
by the General Assembly of New Zealand, intituled an Act to provide
for the satisfaction of certain Land Orders issued by the New Zealand
Company, and theretofore exercises in the Manawatu or Horowhenna
dis tricts, within the aforesaid Company's settlement at Wellington.
The attention of every person clanning under any such Land Orders
as aforesaid is drawn to the provisions of the said Act next follow¬

Every person claiming land within the Provincial District of Wel¬
lington under any Land Order originally issued by the New Zealand
Company, and which has been exercised in the Mapawatu or Horow¬
henua Districts, must, within 12 months from the 30th November, 1877,
if he be a resident in the Colony, and within two years from such date
if he be resident elsewhere, give notice in writing, by bimself or his
agent to the Comm ssioner appointed for the Distuct of Wellington
under the Ordinance of the Legisiative Council of the Islands of New
Zealand, Session 11, No. 15, for the hearing and decision of his claim
under the provisions of the said Act, and at the time of making his
application for the satisfaction of his claim must lodge with the Com¬
missioner the origmal land orner under which he claims to be enticied
to select any section of land, unless such land order shall previously
have been lodged with the Commissioner no claim can be heard and
determied until such original land order is louged, or proof of the
loss given to the satisfaction of the Comuissioner.
The Commissioner will report to the Governer the name of the per¬
son found to be entitled to land under any particular land order ; the
particular number thereof, the fact of such land order having been
louged with him, or of his having received satisfactory proof of the
loss thereof, and the amount in value stated in such land order, such
report is to be considered and sapproved by the Governor in Council,
and forthwith published in the New Zealand Gazette, with the date
of the approval attached thereto.
Notification of the Governor's approval is a sufficient warrant to the
Commissioner to issue to the persons named in such approved report
as oeing entitied to land, scrip for the amount of money origmanly
paid for the land order under which any such persons haye been found
to be entitied, together with compensation to the amount of £1 for
every £1 sterling represented by such land order added thereto ; so
that every person found entitled shall receive £2 in value for every
20s. in value to which he shall have been found entitled, except in
cases of lost land orders, in which case proceedings must be taken
under the Lost Land Orders Act, 1861.
No scrip can be delivered by the Commissioner until the land order
in satisfaction of which such scrip is issued has been cancelled by
him.
Upon the receipt of scrip all the right, title, interest, claim, and de¬
mand of the person to whom the same is issued, and of all other per¬
sons whatsoever, to the land in respect of which scrip shall have been
issued is extinguished; and the issue of such scrip is, both at law and
in equity, a full and complete performance by the Crown, on behall of
the New Zealand Company, of the contract or obligation of the Com¬
pany in respect of which such scrip shall have been issued.
All scrip to be issued under the authority of the said Act is trans¬
forable and is receivable as cashby the Receiver of Land Revenue, in or
towards the purchase of waste lands of the Crown in apy part of the
provincial district of Wellington, but not elsewhere, and must be exer¬
cised within five years from the date of its issue ; claims for the exer¬
cise of scrip not made within such period of five years are barred.
The Commissioner cannot entertain or investigate any claims in
whion the claimant shall not have nogified his intention to have his
claim heard and decided under the provisions of the said Act within
the time limited for making such application. All claimants failing
to avail themselves of the provisions of the said Act are barred, and
their claim extinguished by reason of such default.
"Claimants not resident within the Colony of New Zealand should
forthwith appoint a duly authorized agent to do and perform what¬
ever may be requisire to obtain the benefit of the said Act.—Dated
at Wellington this 9th day of January, 1878.
(Signed) DAVID LEWIS, a Commissoner for the purposes
of the above referred to Act.

THE WIGMORE TRAINED NURSES' INSTI¬
TUTE.—Resident skilled and experienced NURSES for Medical,
Surgical, Monthly, Mental, and Fever cases supplied at a minute's
notice. Address the Misses Carty, 34, Wigmore-street, London, W.
GENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, 5, Henrietta.
street, Covent-garden, W.

Medical Director—ALFRED ERSWORTH, F.R.C.S.
Resident skilled medicas surgical, and monthly nurses are supplied
at a moment's notice from this Institute ; also fever nurses, maie at¬
tendants, and wet nurses. Applications to be addressed to the Secre¬
tary or Lady-Superintendent.
NURSES.—Mr. WILSON'S INSTITUTION, 96,
Wimpole-street, Cavendish-square. London, W.
For upwards of 12 years the medical profession and the public have
been supplied with my Nurses, who reside at 86, Wimpole-street,
which is a guarantee of their respectability and efficiency.
Certificates can be produced for most skilful nursing.
Medical, Sargical, Monthly, Mental, Dipsomania, Fever Nurses, &c.
Rever Nurses reside in a separate house.
Monthly Nurses who have obtained certificates for skill.

Nurses sent to all parts of England and the Continent at a
moment's notice. The nature of the case must be described, personally
or by letter or telegram, to Mr. Wilson, or Lady Superintendent.
MEDICAL and SURGICAL HOME, 3, Manchester¬
street, London, W.—Trained and efficient Monthly, Medical,
Surgical, Mental, and Fever NURSES or MALE ATTENDANTS
SUPPLIED on the shortest notice, on personal application or by
letter or telegram to Mrs. Alexander.
FIREWORKS.—JAMES PAIN, Pyrotechnist to the
Roval Yacht Squadron and Alexandra Palace, is prepared to
ARRANGE for DISPLAYS of any magnitude for all occasions of
festivity. Offices, 121, Walworth-road, S.E., and 1, St. Mary-axe,
E.C. Illuminations and grotesque Balloons for garden parties, &c.,
are effectively arranged on the shortest notice.
PERAS, Covent-garden and Her Maiesty's Theatre,
Haymarket.—Season 1878.—Mr. ALFRED HAYS begs to inform
intending sunscribers that they can obtain BOXES, Stalls, and Amphi¬
theatre Stalls in the most eligible situations, for the night, alternate
weeks, or season, Prices for subscription, 40 nights——Boxes (grand
tier), 240 guineas; pit tier, 220 guineas; orchestra stalls, 35 guineas;
amphitheatre stalls, 18 guineas. Programmes on application. Boxes
and stalls for every theatre ; numbered and reserved seats for all con¬
certs and entertainments.—The City Box office, 4, Royal Exchange¬
buildings, Cornhill, E.C.,
