MONS. ARTHUR GABRIEL will oblige by

COMMUNICATING with A. F., Soho.
AUTWYCHE-HALL, Stretton, Salop.—WANTED,
general INFORMATION relative to this PROPERTY, and
especially with respect to advertisements which have appeared from
time to time in the London newspapers for the heir to the estate.
Address G. E. Clements, Esq., surgeon-dentist, 7, Bedford-row, Barns¬
bury-street, Islington, London, N.
LOST, on the 2d inst., in Coventry-street, a POCKET¬
BOOK, containing (among other things) two warrants, Nos. 37.754
and 37,832, each for 10 quarter-casks of Holland gin. As they are
stopped at Barber's-wharf, they are of no use but to the owner. A
REWARD will be paid on their delivery at 27, Ovington-sq., Brompto
H.
LOST, May" on the Surrey side of New Chelsea¬
bridge, a small BLUE MOUSE-COLOURED SKYE TERRIER

collar. Whoever will bring the same to 48, Sussex-street, Pimlico,
shall receive FIFTEEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, on Monday last, at Lower Norwood Station,
or in the train leaving the same for Victoria, 12.2, a PURSE,
containing a sovereign, some half-crowns, small silver, pence, postage
stamps, and papers. Any person who has found the same and will
take it to Robson's library, Lower Norwood, shall be REWARDED
if required.
LOST, on Thursday evening, in a first class carriage,
on the Hampton Court Branch of the South-Western Railway,
a LEATHERN PURSE, containing three £5 Bank of England notes
(Nos. 01,895, 01.896, and 01,897, and dated 13th January), two sovereigns,
and silver. The notes are stopped at the Bank. Whoever will brin
the same to 13, Old Broad-street, E.C., shall receive FIVE POUNDS

FIVE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, a GOLD
WATCH and CHAIN (Phillips, Cockspur-street), on Saturday,
26th April, between Sussex-gardens, Hyde-park, and York-terrace,
Regent's-park. The above reward will be paid to any person bringing
the same to Mr. Phillips, watchmaker, Cockspur-street.
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, 2d May,
a SEASON TICKET to the INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION,
No. 13.608.—Thomas Meggy, public accountant, 10, Old Jewry-cham¬
bers, E.C. Stopped.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, Tuesday last,
a PURSE, containing a £10 and £5 Bank of England notes,
about £6 gold and 10s. silver, and an auctioneers licence for the current
year. Information may be given to Mr. Bartley, 27, Bucklersbury,
city.
POCKET-BOOK LOST.—On Tuesday last, a RUS¬
SIAN LEATHER POCKET-BOOK was LOST, between the
Exhibition and the Crystal Palace. It contained letters, &c., useless to
any one but the owner. A REWARD of TWENTY SHILLINGS
will be given to anyone bringing it to C. Ralph, 49, Fenchurch-Street.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the South
Devon Railway, April 7, 1862, a BROWN LEATHER PORT¬
MANTEAU, containing wearing apparel, account-books (name Moore),
and documents of no value to any but the owner. Whoever may have
found the same shall receive the above reward on sending it or apply¬
ing to T. J. R. D., Bedford office, Montague-street, Russell-sq., London.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—MISSING, a GEN¬
TLEMAN, 30 years of age. Height 5 feet 5 inches, fair com¬
plexion, brown hair, whiskers, and light moustache, stout built. When
last seen wore a dark loose jacket, black waiscoat, and black and white
check trousers. Initials on linen "E. E. E." Address, with particu¬
lars, to K. L., Chapter Coffeehouse, Paternoster-row, E.C.
OROPPED, in the building of the Great Inter¬
national Exhibition, on the 1st inst., a small GREEN LEATHER
RETICULE BAG, with patent French clasp, containing a purse with
money in it, a small silver-gilt viniagrette, some visiting cards with
name and address at Brighton, a small black memorandum tablet, and
a three guinea season ticket for the Exhibition, available only to the
owner. Whoever may have found the same, and will bring it to
No. 1, South-Street, Alexander-square, Brompton, shall be liberally RE¬
WARDED.
IF GABRIEL TAYLOR, who was born in May, 1782,
and was the son of Gabriel Taylor, surgeon and apothecary, then
residing in Fore-street, Cripplegate, London, is stillalive, and will apply
to Messrs. Davidson and Co., of Weavers-hall, 22, Basinghall-street,
London, he will HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE.
TO PARISH CLERKS and others.—THIRTY
GUINEAS REWARD are OFFERED for the following CER¬
TIFICATES:—20 guineas for the marriage certificate of Lientenant-¬
Colonel Sir Arthur Owen, Bart., H.E.I.C.S., with Miss Frances Agars,
of Bempton, near Bridlington, Yorkshire. Colonel Owen did not
assume the title, but was the seventh baronet (see Burke's Baronetage,
Owen, of Orielton, Pembrokeshire), and was uncle to the late Sir
John Owen. He died January 4, 1817, in Stafford-place, near Buck¬
ingham Palace, London, and was buried at St. Margaret's, Westmin¬
ster. He served in India under Sir Eyre Coote and Lord Cornwallis.
His widow died and was buried at Hull in 1849. 10 guineas for the
certificate of baptism of their son John, who is believed to have been
born about 1808, and who died in 1854. Any information which may
lead to the discovery of these certificates will be suitably rewarded.
Communicate with Messrs. Chilton and Co., 25, Chancery-lane, London
WEST NEW JERSEY SOCIETY.—The PER¬
SONAL REPRESENTATIVES of the PROPRIETORS un¬
dernamed, described in 1692-3, as understated, on whose Shares in the
Stock of this Society no dividends have been paid, are invited to make
their claims, legally supported, pre-paid, to William Whiteside, Esq.,
the Secretary, 63. Lincoln's-inn-fields, London, viz.:—Joseph Collyer,
linendraper; Josiah Davis, merchant; Peter Delannoy, gentleman;
Peter Fowks, gentleman; Nathaniel Gifford, gentleman; Benjamin
Levy, merchant; Joseph Micklethwaite, merchant; Thomas Miller,
merchant; Thomas Morris, merchant; John Sweetaple, goldsmith;
William Sheppard, goldsmith; Edward West (one half of Edward
West's shares became the property of Joseph Syms, under whose will,
made in 1736, they passed to his seven nieces, the daughters of his
sister, Elizabeth Stone, whose personal representatives are now entitled
to them), gentleman, all of London.
VEST NEW JERSEY SOCIETY.—The PER¬
SONAL REPRESENTATIVES of the PROPRIETOR un¬
dernamed and described, on whose Shares in the Stock of this Society
several dividends remain due, are invited to make his or her claim,
legally supported, pre-paid, to William Whiteside, Esq., the Secretary,
No. 63, Lincoln's-inn-fields, viz.:—Henry Greenaway, of St. Dunstan's¬
in-the-East, bachelor, deceased, living in 1743, whose sister, Sarah
Greenaway, as his administratrix, received two dividends; and on her
death in 1782, Alice Cockerill (the wife of Henry Cockerill, of Queen¬
hithe, citizen and ironmonger, whom she survived), as her administra¬
trix, became entitled to but never claimed such shares.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £66 13s. 4d. Reduced Three
erCent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of DANIEL
MAY, of Sonning Mill, near Reading, Berks, miller, and ELEANOR
MAY his wife, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners,
in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed
on and from the 5th of April, 1852; Notice is hereby given that, on
the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will be
Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Thomas May and
Rev. Edmund May, acting executors of Eleanor May, widow, deceased,
who was the survivor, who have claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
NOTICE.—If Captain A. D. CORFIELD DOES
NOT FETCH AWAY his DOG from Anglesea-yard, Haymar¬
ket, on or before 10 days after this notice, he will be SOLD to defray
expenses.
STAMTS, at ONE PENNY, for DRAFTS, Receipts, Deivery

BOARD of INLAND REVENUE, Somerset-house, 29th April, 1862.
THE Board of Inland Revenue give notice, that an
Impressed Stamp of One Penny, and an Adhesive Stamp of One
Penny, have been provided for the purpose of being used indiscrimi¬
nately for Drafts or Receipts, or for any other of the documents
specified below, and that hereafter supplies of these stamps will be
issued for such documents to the distributors and others engaged in the
sale of stamps. Nevertheless the stamps now in hand, which are
appropriated by the words "Receipt," "Draft on Demand," "Draft or
Receipt," will still be good for use, and will continue to be sold so long
as the present stocks last.
THOMAS SARGENT, Secretary.
Documents referred to in the above notice:—Receipt—Draft—Certi¬
fied Copy of Register of Births, Baptisms, Marriages, Deaths, or
Burials—Delivery Order—Policy of Assurance against Accident in
Travelling.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) in special, and all other persons in
general, having any right or interest in and to the personal estate and
effects of ANN STEWART, late of Cleveland-street, in the city of
Bath, widow, deceased.—Take notice, that a CITATION has issued
under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated the 1st day of
May, 1862, at the instance of Emily Gunning, spinster, a legatee named
in the will of the said Ann Stewart, bearing date in the year 1853, but
otherwise without date (who died on the 1st day of June, 1861, at West
Bromwich, in the county of Stafford), whereby you are cited, within 30
days after service thereof, to cause an appearance to be entered for you
in the Principal Registry of the said Court, and to accept or refuse
letters of administration, with the said will annexed, of the personal
estate and effects of the said deceased, or show cause why the same
should not be granted to the said Emily Gunning, with an intimation
that, in default of your appearing and accepting, and extracting the
said letters of administration, the same, with the will annexed of the
estate and effects of the said deceased, will be granted to the said
Emily Gunning, your absence notwithstanding.—Dated this 1st day of
May, 1862, in the 25th year of our reign.
A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
W. COMPTON SMITH, 48, Lincoln's-inn-fields,
Solicitor for the said Emily Gunning.
MIDDLESEX.—Notice is hereby given, that a
REPORT, made under the statute, 4th Geo. IV., cap. 64, by the
Justices appointed at the last January Quarter Session of the Peace,
held in and for the county of Middlesex, to visit the HOUSE of COR¬
RECTION for the said county at Coldbath-fields, that the said House
of Correction is insufficient, inconvenient, and otherwise inadequate to
give effect to the rules and regulations prescribed by the above men¬
tioned statute, and the other acts relating to prisons, and that the same
requires to be enlarged, was laid before the justices for the said county
at the General Quarter Session of the Peace, holden in and for the
said county, by adjournment, on Thursday, the 17th day of April inst.,
and that it is the intention of the justices to take such report into con¬
sideration at the next General Session to be held in and for the said
county, by adjournment, on Thursday, the 22d day of May next, at the
Sessions-house, on Clerkenwell-green, at 12 o'clock at noon.—Dated

C. HEATON ELLIS, Clerk of the Peace for Middlesex.
Sessions-house, Clerkenwell.
SAINTGEORGE, HANOVER-SQUARE.—I, the
undersigned Auditor, give notice, that I have fixed the AUDIT
of the ACCOUNTS relating to the Poor Rate, and the Relief of the
Poor, of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover-square, in the county of
Middlesex, for the half-year ended the 25th of March, 1862, to com¬
mence on Saturday, the 17th inst., at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at
the Board-room, in Mount-street, when and where all other persons
who by law are bound to account at such audit, are required to attend
before me, and to submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers
containing or relating to the said accounts, or to moneys assessed for
and applicable to the relief of the poor, of the said parish. —Dated the
5th May, 1862. (Signed), FRANCIS TOWERS STREETEN.
NOTICE is hereby given, that on the 7th day of
July next, APPLICATION will be made to Her Majesty's
Justices of the Peace, assembled at Quarter Sessions in and for the
County of Middlesex, at the Sessions House, Clerkenwell-green, in the
said county, for an order for DIVERTING and TURNING a certain
HIGHWAY or FOOTWAY situate at Harrow Weald, in the parish of
Harrow on-the-hill, in the said county, described in the award of the
Commissioners of the Harrow Inclosure as a public footway branching
out of the public carriage road No. 3, on the plan attached to the said
award, and extending in a westwardly direction to Weald Coppice Farm,
and in lieu thereof to make a good and sufficient highway or footway,
which will be nearer and more commodious to the public. And that
the certificate of two of Her Majesty's justices of the peace for the said
county of Middlesex, having viewed the same, and proof given to their
satisfaction of the several notices required by the statute having been
published, with the plan of the old and proposed new highway or foot¬
way, and the consent of the owners of the land over which the proposed
new highway is intended to pass, will be lodged with the clerk of the
neace for the said county, on the 5th day of June next.—Dated this

HENRY F. HIL L
Surveyors of the Parish
CHARLES BLACKWELL
of Harrow-on-the-hill,
JOAN SIMS
in the County of Mid¬
THOMAS SNEEZUM
dlesex.
ST. PAUL, SHADWELL, Middlesex.—Notice is
hereby given, that on the 7th day of July next, APPLICATION
will be made to Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace assembled at
Quarter Sessions in and for the county of Middlesex, at the Sessions
house at Clerkenwell, in the said county, for an ORDER for DIVERT¬
ING the HIGHWAY, hereafter described, situate in the parish of St.
Paul, Shadwell, in the county of Middlesex, viz.:—The highway used
as a footway, and extending from Wapping-wall, in the said county, be¬
tween the houses recently pulled down and numbered 70 and 71, in
Wapping-wall aforesaid, to the landing-place, called King James'
Stairs, a length of 101 feet and four inches, and which highway or foot¬
way it is proposed to divert, by diverting the north end thereof in an
easterly direction 9 feet and the south end thereof 17 feet 6 inches, in
an easterly direction, and forming a new highway, to be used as a foot¬
way of 10 feet 6 inches in breadth and 102 feet 3 inches in length, and
running in a straight line from the said north end thereof to the said
south end thereof when so respectively diverted as aforesaid; and that
the certificate of two justices, having viewed the same, with the plan of
the old and proposed new highway, will be lodged with the Clerk of the
Peace for the said county on the 31st day of May next. In witness
whereof, I the undersigned, Thomas Wrake Ratcliff, have set my
hand, as Clerk to, and by order of, the Board of Works for the Lime¬
house District, acting as and being Surveyors of Highways for the
Parish of St. Paul, Shadwell, this 1st day of May, 1862.
THOS. W. RATCLIFF, Clerk to the Board of Works
for the Limehonse District.
Dean Colet-house, White Horse-street, Commercial-road, E.
MRS. S. C. HALL desires to state that, having
CEASED to CONDUCT the ST. JAMES's MAGAZINE, she
is NOT RESPONSIBLE for the future CONTENTS of that work.
