H.—Do WRITE without fail, as I must see you.
—ANNIE.
A.M. to J. B.—Are you ill? Pray WRITE and end
this wretched suspense. Same address.
.H. U.—Initials just recognized. No offence given.
No forgiveness requisite. Apologies should be on the other side.
WOLCANO.—I think you are unkind not writing
freely. My two last seem to have brought other answers. But
for my trust in you I should feel very unhappy, as you are everything
in the world to me.—G. PRIS.
FOWLKES, alias SEYMOUR.—If JAMES SEY¬
MOUR, who (in 1843) was connected with the Star Printing¬
office, Toronto. Canada, will COMMUNICATE with Mr. John Bishop,
solicitor, 2, Tudor-street, Blackfriars, London, he will hear of something
to his advantage.
TO SOLICITORS and others. —KNOWLES,
Admiral Sir CHARLES, Bart., deceased, 1777.—WANTED.
PLANS, Papers, Deeds, Documents, Correspondence, Personal Relics,
&c., of the abeve deceased. Parties possessing information relative to
the same will please communicate with X. Y. Z., care of George H.
Brooks, Esq., 7, Godliman-Street, Doctors'-commons, London, E.C.,
and will be REWARDED.
THREE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—
Forgery.—WILLIAM LINDON, of 21, Walbrook, London, and
No. 37, Craven-street, Strand, against whom a warrant has been
issued on a charge of forging a bill of lading, is about 60 years of
age, about 5 feet 2 inches high, has high shoulders, but remarkably
short neck, is very thin, has dark sunken small eyes, sharp features,
nose and chin pointed, slightly underhung, upper teeth false, lower
teeth black and defective, his face pock marked, his hair is cut close
at the back of his head, it is a peculiar brown, patched with grey, and
the hair grows to a point on the forehead, his forehead is low, he has no
beard or moustache, and very little whisker, which is cut short, he has
very prominent ears, is slightly paralysed in the right hand, and when
writing holds his right hand with his left. He was seen in London on
Thusday, the 28th October. The above reward shall be paid to any
person who will give such information as may lead to the apprehension
of Lindon upon the above warrant. Apply to Inspector Bayley, City of
London Detective Department, 26, Old Jewry, London; or to Messrs.
Thomas and Hollams, solicitors, Mincing-lane, London.
ROYAL ALFRED AGED MERCHANT SEA¬
MEN'S INSTITUTION (late Belvedere).—The Committee
ACKNOWLEDGE, with thanks, a DONATION of £20 from T. N.
Edridge, Esq., shipowner, in Aid of the Funds of this Institution.
Cowper's-court, Cornhill, E.C., 5th Nov., 1869.
CANCER HOSPITAL, London and Brompton.—
The Weekly Board beg very gratefully to ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEIPT of a CHEQUE for 10 guineas, from Charles Burls, Esq.,
as a donation to the funds of this Charity.
Board room, 4th Nov., 1869.
By order, H. J. JUPP.
FRIENDLESS and FALLEN. —LONDON
FEMALE PREVENTIVE and REFORMATORY INSTITU¬
TION.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE a £5 NOTE,
from B., in aid of this mission of mercy.—E. W. THOMAS, Sec.,
No. 200. Euston-road, N.W.
LOST, from 31, Glocester-oardens (TWENTY SHIL¬
LINGS REWARD), a FAWN-COLOURED TERRIER BITCH,
with pointed, uncut ears, long face, black muzzle. Answers to the
name of "Smut." Whoever takes her to the above address shall re¬
ceive the above reward.
LOST, a LADYS GOLD WATCH (English make),
with gold dial, lever escapement, jewelled. Lost on Thursday,
4th November, between Primrose-hill, Glocester-crescent, Regent's¬
park, and King Henry's-road, N.W. Anyone taking it to 52, Wel¬
lington-road, St. John's-wood, shall be REWARDED.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday,
the 4th inst., about 8.30 a.m., between Christ Church,
reet, and Glocester-road, Regent's-park, a GOLD GENEVA
WATCH, numbered 11, 177 inside of the case. Whoever has found the
same and will return it to 53, Glocester-road, shall receive the above
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a TIN BOX,
about 6 inches long, 4 inches wide, and 3½ inches high, with
brass padlock, and "No. 14" on the top of the case. Whoever has found
the above or will give information that may lead to its recovery shall
receive the above sum on applying to Mr. George Stewart, 16, Hen¬
rieta-street, Covent-garden.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on the Midland
Railway, on the 15th October, between Burton-on-Trent and St.
Pancras, a PURPLE MOROCCO WRITING-CASE, with a gilt
pattern and the letters F. G. in small upon it, in an outer cover of
strong brown leather, fastening with a buckle. The contents are only
of value to the owner. Any person restoring it, with its contents, to
No. 31, Bryanston-square, London, shall receive the above reward.
FIFTEEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a
LETTER, containing Bank note, 100 florins, and the following
drafts, viz, £16 12s. 3d., due on the 5th inst.; £22 13s., due on the 6th
inst.; and £9 8s., due on the 10th inst. All paynbie at Smith, Payne,
and Smith's, bankers; also one Draft for £24, due on 8th inst., pay¬
able at Barnett, Hoares, and Co.'s. Payment of the above drafts
has been stopped. Any one delivering the same to S. Statham,
No, 30, Hatton-garden, shall receive the anove reward.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—STOLEN,
between 8 and 8.30 p.m., Nov. 2d, from 13, Craven-hill, by climbing
the portico, the following ARTICLES:—Four bracelets, 1 gold, with
three diamonds, I gold, with turquoise drop, 1 hair with gold suap, 1
gold, with cairngorm; 7 brooches, 1 turquoise and gold, with pen¬
dants, 1 camee (set in gold), 1 gold, with three carbuncles, 1 French
enamelled, 1 Irish gold circular 1 Scotch pebble, 1 with pearls and ear¬
rings to match; 3 gold chains, 1 with turquoise drop and diamonds in
centre, 1 very long neck, and 1 Albert; 3 pairs of earrings, 1 with
diamonds, 1 Egyptian, 1 gold; a gold locket, with portraits of chil¬
dren; 4 rings, 1 with three diamonds, 1 diamond and emerald, 1 large
pearl and emeralds, 1 gold, with monogram, and various others; 3 pins,
1 gold elephant, 1 knot of gold, 1 carbuncle. 1 lady's gold watch, gold
face, makers Upjohn and Bright; 1 large onyx throatlet with pen¬
dant; 1 long blue silk purse, containing £30 in gold and silver; a
gold mounted hair chatelaine, with four pendants and various charms
attached; a gold fiat watch key ; a gold seal blood stone with mono¬
gram, J.S.P. The above reward will be paid by Mr. J. S. Pearce, of
No. 2, Cockspur-street, Charing-cross, to any person giving information
that will lead to the apprehension and conviction of the thief or
thieves and restoration of property, in proportion to the amount re¬
covered. Information to detective police, Great Scotland-yard.
NOTICE.—LOST, a BILL of EXCHANGE for
£295 17s. 1d., dated Batavia, 11th June, 1869, drawn by the
Chartered Bank of India, Australia, and China, upon the City Bank,
London, and accepted 27th July, 1869, at six months' sight, and due
30th January, 1870. Payment of the above bill has been stopped, and
bankers, bill brokers, and others are cautioned against dealing with
the same, and are requested to give information, if presented to them.
to Captain Palin, Town-hall, Manchester.—Manchester, 3d Novem¬
ber, 1869.
NOTICE is hereby given, that all ACCOUNTS
and CLAIMS against the WATERMEN'S STEAM PACKET
COMPANY, Limited (in liq.), must be furnished the Liquidators at
Roff's-wharf. Woolwich, on or before the 20th inst., or the claimant
will be debarred from the distribution of assets.
WILLIAM ENGLAND,
FREDERICK TENDRON,
Liquidators.
WILLIAM BECKWITH TOWSE,
lwich. 2d Nov.,
WENSINGTON SICK ASYLUM DISTRICT.—I,
the undersigned J. H. Mitchiner, Auditor of the above named
district, do hereby give notice that I have appointed the AUDIT
of the ACCOUNTS of the said district, for the half-year ended 29th
September, 1869, to commence on Saturday, the 20th day of Novem¬
ber, 1869, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Workhouse, Kensing¬
ton, when and where all persons who by law are bound to account at
such Audit are required to attend, and to submit all books, docu¬
ments, bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the accounts or to
moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the poor.—Dated
the 5th day of November, 1869.
J. H. MITCHINER, District Auditor.
MARTELLS BRANDY.—Caution.—All persons
are hereby cautioned against using any labels, capsules, brands,
or marks made in imitation of or only colourably differing from the
labels, capsules, brands, and marks used by Messrs. J. and F. Martell,
of Cognac, in the course of their business of exporters of brandy; and
notice is hereby given, that INJUNCTIONS have already been granted
by the High Court of Chancery of England, restraining the use by
certain wine merchants of labels, capsules, brands, and marks made
in imitation of or only colourably differing from the labels, capsules,
brands, and marks so used by Messrs. J. and F. Martell; and further
take notice, that on Messrs. J. and F. Martell agreeing not to prose¬
cute certain proceedings then about to be commenced by them against
Mr. James Finlay, lately of No. 4, Inner Temple, Dale-Street, Liver¬
pool, merchant, but now of Aberdeen, N.B., with reference to the
user of labels made in imitation of the labels used by Messrs. J. and F.
Martell, he, the said James Finlay, addressed and sent to Messrs. J. and
F. Martell an apology and undertaking, from which the following is
an extract:—"I am now satisfled that the use of the latter labels was
improper, and that they were infringements of your registered label.
I therefore hereby apologize for my conduct in the transaction, and I
undertake that the brandy bottled and labelled as aforesaid shall not be
represented, sold, or offered for sale as your bottledbrandy, and also that
all the labels upon the bottles shall be removed therefrom immediately
on their arrival at Lagos, and I further undertake not to use any labels
made in imitation of or only colourably differing from the labels used
by you, and I authorize you to publish or otherwise make use of this
letter as you deem convenient, it being expressly agreed that no pro¬
ceedings are to be taken with reference to the transaction, either
against myself, my brother, or Messrs. Marcus Ward and Co., of Bel¬
fast, who printed the first mentioned labels"; and notice is hereby fur¬
ther given, that proceedings will be taken against any person or per¬
sons who shall affix or apply, or cause to be affixed or applied, to any
bottles of brandy, or to any corks or to any cases contaiing bottles
of brandy, any labels, capsules, brands, or marks made in imitation of
or only colourably differing from the labels, capsules, brands, or marks
used by Messrs. J. and F. Martell, as aforesaid.—Dated this 27th day
of September, 1869.
W. and H. P. SHARP, 92, Gresham-house, Old Broad-street,
ondon, E.C., Solicitors for Messrs. J. and F. Martell.
MATTHEW CLARK and SONS, London Agents of Messrs.
J. and F. Martel.
HOLBORN VIADUCT.—W. FOX and Co., late
of Holborn-hill, beg to give notice that they have opened their
SHOW ROOMS at No. 12, Holborn, eight doors west of Gray's-inn¬
lane, with every description of IRON and WIRE WORK, Netting,
Weaving. Aviary and other Cages, &c. Illustrated lists on application.
Works, Chicksand-street. Whitechapel, E.
SPECIAL NOTICE.—Messrs. AUBERT and Co.,
the old-established watch and clock manufacturers, of Regent¬
street, having made arrangements with Mr. STREETER, of 37, Conduit¬
street, Bond-street (successor to Hancock and Co., Limited), to
TRANSFER their BUSINESS and BOOKS to him, will thank their
numerous customers to address their future applicatious and favours
to 37, Conduit-street, Bond-street. N.B. To carry into effect the above
arrangement the whole of the stock of watches, clocks, and jewellery
will be offered by Messrs. Aubert and Co. at a reduction of 30 per
cent, from the marked prices.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON,
bears the label used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby."
CAUTION.-HARRIS'S SPECTACLES.—THOMAS
HARRIS and SON CAUTION the public against persons using
their name. Their business, established 1780, is solely conducted at 52,
Great Russell-street, opposite the British Museum-gate, where only can
be had their celebrated spectacies, opera and field glasses, No traveliers.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHERS QUEEN'S READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPE LAMPS, as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family.—The public are CAUTIONED against
inferior imitations. M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-street, being
the sole inventor and manufacturer of these celebrated lamps. Draw¬
ings and prices post free. No agents.
CAUTION.—The NAPIER INDIAN DESPATCH
BOX, which has met with the approbation of the highest military
authorities, and pronounced the most desirable for foreign service, is
only to be obtained at GRIFFITHS and Co.'s, 43, Cannon-street, E.C.
Each box bears the trade mark "Napier." 15 inch. 30s.: 17 inch. 35s.
CAUTION.—BETTS'S CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of capsules made in contravention
of his rights, which necessarily are numerous, Betts being the original
inventor and sole maker in the United Kingdom.—1, Wharf-road,
City-road, London; and Bordeaux, France.—April 8, 1869.
CAUTION.—LLOYD'S EUXESIS, for Shaving
without Soap or Water. —The public are hereby informed that,
in pursuance of a decretal order of the Court of Chancery, made in a
suit for the administration of the estate of the late Andrew Solomon
Lloyd, we have purchased of the executrix the business carried on by
the late A. S. Lloyd as a perfumer, together with the exclusive right
to and interest in the article known as "Lloyd's Euxesis." We, there¬
fore, caution the public that the genuine Lloyd's Euxesis bears only
the original signature and address, namely, "A. S. Lloyd, No. 27, Glass¬
house-street," where it can be obtained as formerly.
R. HOVENDEN and SONS, 27, Glasshouse-street, Regent¬
street, London, W.
CHOCOLAT MENIER, 23, Henrietta-street,
Strand.—MENIERS FRENCH CHOCOLATE.-Notice is
hereby given, that legal proceedings will be taken, under the Merchan¬
dise Marks Act, 1862, 25 and 26 Vic., cap. 83, against any person or per¬
sons fraudulently making use of the trade mark, or the signature
Menier (it being an individual firm, and in no way connected with any
company or other house whatever), on the seal or cover, together with
colour of wrapper, form of cakes, &c., arrangement of label or other¬
wise, with the intention of deceiving the public by causing spurious
and inferior articles to be sold for the genuine Chocolat Menier.
F. TRUEFITT, Solicitor, 4, Essex-court Temple, E.C.
UMPORTANT CAUTION.—The unprecedented suc¬
cess of ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL for the hair has caused
counterfolters to spring up in every possible variety. Some so far copy
the labels as frequently to deceive the unwary; some offer to dispose
of the recipe of a Macassar oil, with other recipes of a similar cha¬
racter, for a few postage stamps; while others profess to manufacture
the real (0) article at a considerably reduced price, if the public will
nly purchase it. The name of these wretched counterfeiters is
"Legion," and calls for more than usual care on the part of pur¬
chasers as to where they make their selection of articles for the toilet."
—Morning Paper.
NOTICE.—Mr. E. HARTRY, surgeon-dentist, in
consequence of the death of his brother, has REMOVED from
No. 42, Harley-street, Cavendish-square, to 41, St. Martin's-lane, Tra¬
falgar-square, the original firm.
