CLOVES.—Yes, if in good condition.
DEAR HENRY.—Do WRITE and give your address,
and do not keep me in this dreadful state of suspense.—M. K.
CHARLES JOHN M. N...N.—My own dear
Charlie, pray let me hear from you. All is happlly settled in the
city, and this suspense is dreadful and unnecessary. Address Mrs.
Phebe, post-office, 26, Oxford-street.
TO C. C. W.—RETURN immediately. Read atten¬
tively Section 11 of the Bankruptcy Act; or, if you cannot get it,
the pamphict called "The People's Guide to the New Law" page 19,
will do as well. You have only 14 days to decide, Telegraph at once.
—R. C., 14th Dec.
SHEWARD.—Any person giving INFORMATION
of the present ADDRESS, if living, of Mr. JAMES HENDERSON
SHEWARD, son of the late Mr. Samuel Wanley Sheward, of 19, Green¬
cet, Park-lane, London, or proof of his death if dead, shall receive
FIVE POUNDS REWARD on application to Mr. Thomas Sismey,
solicitor 11, Serjeants'-inn, Fleet-street, London.
SARAH VICKERS.— INFORMATION RE¬
QUIRED as to SARAH VICKERS, who previously to 1824 was
in service in Gray's-inn-road, at a public-house. She is supposed to
have married in 1824, and resided for some time at Croydon. Reliable
information will be liberally rewarded. Apply to Mr. Pollaky, Pri¬
vate Inquiry-office, 13, Paddington,green.
GOLBORN BARRELL.—To Parish Clerks and
others.—£2 will be given for a COPY of the REGISTRY of
BURIAL, or other authentic evidence of the date of the death, of
Mr. COLBORN BARRELL, a member of the firm of Barrell and
Servante, merchants and American agents, who are believed to have
carried on business in Threadneedie-street, and afterwards at
No. 6, Ingram-court, Fenchurch-Street, from 1795 to 1800. Apply to
Messrs. Dangerfield and Fraser, solicisors, 26, Craven-street, Charing¬

FRIEND of the CLERGY CORPORATION.—The
Secretary begs to ACKNOWLEDGE with sincere thanks, the
RECEIPT of several PARCELS of CLOTHING from Mrs. and Miss
T., Miss E., A. S., E. G. P., &c. Offices of the Corporation, 4, St.
Martin's-place, London, W.C.
MR. C. J. RIBTON-TURNER begs to ACKNOW¬
LEDGE, on behalf of the St. Marylebone Committe
Charitable Relief and Repressing Mendicity, the RECEIPT of
a BANK NOTE for £5 (No. 14119, from C. B. D., for which he
tenders his thanks.
C. H. K.—The Honorary Secretaries of the CHURCH
PENITENTIARY ASSOCIATION ACKNOWLEDGE, with
most sincere thanks, a DONATION of £50 from G. H. K., through
Mr. Charles R. Ferd, Secretary of the Reformatory and Refuge
Union, No. 24, New-street, Spring-gardens.
ROYAL LONDON OPHTHALMIC HOSPITAL,
Blomfield-street, Moorfields, E.C.—The Committee of Manage¬
ment desire very gratefully to ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of a
SECOND kind DONATION of £20 from H. C. to the fund for the
crection of a new wing which has been recently added to this hospital,
Dec. 16, 1869.
J. MOGFORD, Secretary.
LOST, on the 22d November, between the Old Balley
and the British Museum, a GENTLEMAN'S DIAMOND RING,
flush set. Whoever will take the same to Harrison and Oldring's, hair¬
dressers, 274, Regent-Street, Oxford-street, shall receive TWO
se
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, from Prince's¬
gate, on the 15th inst., a BLACK RETRIEVER, with Brown
Legs. Whoever will take the same to Mr. Meadows, 8, Fulham-road,
. W., shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, in the neighbourhood of King's-cross, Dec.
14th, a DIAMOND RING. The owner can have the same re¬
stored, by giving satisfactory descuiption and paying all expenses, &c.
to J. F., 24, Caledonian-Street, King's-crosa.
WATCHES FOUND, in paper, in the dining
saloon of Blanchard's Restaurant, Beak-street, Regent-street.
Apply at the office.
BANK of ENGLAND. — Unclaimed Stock.—Applica¬
tion having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £100 New £3 per Cent. Annuities,
heretofore standing in the name of CATHERINE THRUSTON
of 50, Cambridge-street, Hyde-park, widow, and which was trunsferred
to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon
having remained unclaimed since the 10th October, 1859 ;—Notice is
hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Trainsferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid,
to Catherine Thruston, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one Dividend on the sum of
£4,921 5s. New £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the
name of EMMA WILLOUGHBY, of Hutton, near York, spinster,
and which Dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt in consequence of its having remained
unclaimed since the 10th October, 1859 ;—Notice is hereby given, that,
on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Dividend
will be paid to the Hon. and Rev. Charles James Willoughby, the sole
executor of Emma Willoughby, deceased, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his
claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND. —Unclaimed Stock.—
In pursuance of an order of the Court of Chancery, dated the
23 July, 1869, and made in the matter of the Act 56th Geo. III., cap.
60, and ex parte Charles Wilmott and others, the officers of the Bank
of England are directed to re-transfer from the Commissioners for
the Reduction of the National Debt the sum of £1,050 New Three per¬
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of WILLIAM
PIGRAM, of Tenterden, Kent, grazier: JAMES PIGRAM, of
Maidstone, Kent, gro.
WILLIAM HEWITSON, of Southwark,
wine merchant; and WILLIAM WESTALL, of the Kent-road, gen¬
tleman, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in
consequence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed
since the 5th April, 1854;—Notice is hereby given, that, on the expira¬
tion of three months froin this date, the said Stock will be Trans¬
ferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to Arthur John Hammond
Collins and Henry Shadwell Willett, the persons named in the said
order, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out

LEONARD SEWELL, formerly of Grove-house,
Grove-road, Clapham New-park, deposited, in or about the year
1800, with the late Mr. Adam Spielman, of 79, Lombard-street, Lon¬
don, foreign banker, certain plate, &c., as collateral security for £1,000.
Notice is hereby given, that unless the AMOUNT DUE be REPAID
to Mr. Spielman's executors, on or before the 30th May, 1870, the said
PLATE, &c., will be SOLD. —Dated this 20th day of Nov., 1869.
SAMPSON SAMUEL and EMANUEL, 36, Finsbury-¬
circus, Solicitors to the Executo.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—The SWERIGE.—No. 5, 184.— Whereas a cause of Salvage
has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of England, on
behalf of James Bailey and others, the masters, owners, and crews of
the lugger Renown, of Deal, and the steam tug Dreadnought, of Lon¬
don, against the barque or vessel Swerige, her tackle, apparel, and fur¬
niture, and the cargo now or lately laden therein, together with the
freight due for the transportation thereof; and whereas the said vessel
and carge are now lying in the Millwall Docks, under arrest, by virtue
of a warrant issued from the Registry of the said Court, and no ap¬
pearance has been entered in the said cause; This is to give notice to
all persons who have, or claim to have, any RIGHT, Title, or interest in the
sain VESSEL, or in the said Cargo, that if an appearance in the said
cause be not entered in the Regisery of the said Court within six days
from the publication of this notice, the Judge of the said Court will
order the said vessel Swerige and the said Cargo to be sold, to answer
the claims instituted or to be instituted against the same, or make such
order in the premises as to him shall seem right. —Dated the 15th day

H. A. BATHURST, A.R.
Notice of Sale of Ship and Cargo taken out by Lowless and Nelson,
No. 34, Gracechurcet.
,London.
NOTICE is hereby given, that APPLICATION will
be made by Robert Fowler and Robert William Eddison, of
the Steam Plough Works, Leeds, in the county of York, executers
of the will of John Fowier, late of the Steum Plough Wroks, Leeds
aforesaid, engineer, deceased, by David Greig, also of the Steam
Plough Works aforesaid, mechanical engineer, by John Clutton, of
Whitehall-place, in the county of Middlesex, land and estate agent,
and Robert Lake, of Milton Chapel, near Canterbury, in the county
of Kent. Esquire, by petition, to Her Majesty in Council for a PRO¬
LONGATION of the TERM for the SOLE USING and VENDING
an INVENTION of "Improvements in ploughing and tilling land,"
granted to the said John Fowier, deceased, and the said David Greig
by Her Majesty's letters patent, bearing date the 28th day of Febru¬
ary, 1856,on the 19th year of her reign, within the United Kingdom
of Great Rtritain and Ireland, the Channel Islands, and Isle of Man,
which said letters patent are now vested in the said John Clutton and
Robert Lake as trustees, for securing the payment of certain royal¬
ties and moneys; and notice is hereby given, that the said several ap¬
plicants intenu to apply by counsel to the Judicial Committee of the
Privy Council on the 19th day of January, 1870, or if the said Judicial
Committee shall not sit on that day, at the next sitting of the said
Junicial Committee arter that date, for a time to be fixed for hearing
the matter of their said petition, and that on or before the said 1tth
day of January, 1870, notice must be given of any opposition intended
to be made to the sad petition; and any person intending to oppose
the said application must lodge a caveat to that effect ut the Council¬
office on or betore that date. —Dated this 14th day of December, 1862.
WILSON, BRISIOW, and CARPMAEL, 1, Copthall¬
buildings, London, Solicitors for the abovenamed
Petitioners.
NOTICE.—The BUSINESS of Mr. VINER, watch
aind clock manufacturer, of New Bond-street and Regent-street.
(establiched 1801), is now CARRIED ON under the name of LUND
and SLOCKLEY tate Viner), at 42, Pall-mall, opposite the War-office.
N.B. All English clocks and watches sold by them and bearing their
name are guaranteed to be of their own absolule msnufac t e.
NOTICE.—The "FIVE POUND'" TELESCOPE.—
Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS beg to give notice, that in future
their "FIVE POUND" TELESCOPE will bear their name and ad¬
dress in full, engraved on the brass end, and that the object glass, which
will bear the test of the lnte Lord Rosse, viz, a 300 power, will have
their imtials on the eage.—39, Albemarle-street, W.
NOTICE.—Messrs. SAVORY and MOORE,
chymists to the Queen, of 143, New Bond-street, find it necessary
to intimate to their patrons and the public that since the amalgamation
of their Regent-street branch with the establishment in New Bond¬
street, their ONLY BRANCH HOUSES are at 1, Lancaster-gare,
Byde-park, and 29, Chapel-street, Belgrave-square, and that they have
no connexion with any other establist-ment in London,
NOTICE.—Mr. C. F. HANCOCK, senior partner
of the firm of C. F. Hancock, Son, and Co., 39, Bruton-street,
corner of Bond-street, begs respectfully to inform his patrons that
he will retire from business at the end of the present year; the firm
for the future will consist of his son, Mr. Mortimer Hancock, Mr.
Stewart, and Mr. Dore. In consequence of the retirement of the senior
partner, the whole of the valuable stock of DIAMONDS, Jewellery,
Plate, and Works of Art, in gold and silver, is now being SOLD at
greatly reduced prices.
NOTICE.—Members of the Press who have shared
in the general curiosity with regard to Messrs. NICOLLS
pastent, the RUG PALETOT, thus report their opinions:—
"The Rug Paletot is an ingeniously contrived and serviceable ga
ment."—Court Journal.
The Rug Paletot is a marvel of cheapness."—Weekly Register.
"The great novelty of the seasen is undoubtedly the lng taletot."
Court Circular.
"The Kug Paletot, varying from half-a-guinea to a guinea, places
it withi the reach of all."—Draper.
"The Rug Paletot is a most usefularticle of clothing." — Bell's Weekly

"No one should be without one of Nicell's Rug Paletols."—Illus¬
rated Sporting News.
"Anything better looking of its kind and cheaper has never 
devised."—Observer.
"The fame of this firm as patentees of improved garments is well
known. The Rug Paletot is formed to fit anybody either as a cloak for
the shoulders or as a railway rug for the knees."—Suncay Times,
"It cannot disarrauge fnd dress costume indeed, no suen
dinner wrap over evening dress has ever before been invented"
Era.
Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co.'s fashionable garments sustain a re¬
putation of more than a quarter of a century's standing, and in retiring
from the retail, and adhering to the wholesale trade, the opportunity
has been enlarged for the public to obtain Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co.'s
manufactures through more than c00 agencies, including the principal
clothiers, drapers, and hosiers in the United Kingdom. Their ad¬
dresses will be forwarded on application to D. Nicoll and Co., 6, Fell¬
street, Wood-treet, London, E.C.

PUBLIC WARNING.—The public are cautioned
against buying imitations of the SOCIETY of ARTS 2s. PRIZE
WRITING CASE, ror which they gave the inventors, PARKINS and
GOTTO, their prize silver medal and 20 guineas for its cheapness,
utility, and durability. This writing case, of which 500,000 have been
sold, is fitted with 24 sheets of paper, 24 good cuvelopes, pencil, metal
pen-case, with reserve blotting book, &c., and can be sent, post free,
for 28 stamps.—Parkhis and Gotto, 25, Oxford-street, London, W.
IMPORTANT CAUTION.—The unprecedented suc¬
cess of ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL for the hair has caused
counterfeiters to spring up in every possible variety. Some ro far copy
the labels as frequently to deceive the unwary; some offer to dispose
of the recipe of a Marassar oll, with other recipes of a similar cha¬
racter, for a few postage stamps; while others profess to manufacture
the real () articld' at a considerably reduced price, if the public will
al e pur chase it. The name of these wretched counterfeiters is
"Legion," and calls for more than usual care on the part of pur¬
chasers as to where they make theirselection of articles for the tollet.
—Morning Paper.
CAUTION.—"Boosey v. Chute."—Messrs. BOOSEY
and Co, have obtained an INJUNCTION against the defendant
in the above case, and the whole of his company, to restrain them
from performing Offenbach's GRAND DUCHESS; and they hereby
give notice, that they intend to proceed against all managers of
theatres and directors of concerts who allow a performance of any por¬
tion of the music of the above opera without their permission, Messrs.
Boosey have granted a license to Mr. John Russell for the repre¬
sentation of The Grand Duchess in English.—28, Holles-street,
December 12th.
CAUTION.-HARRIS'S SPECTACLES. THOMAS
HARRIS and SON CAUTION the public against persons using
their name. Their business, established 1780, is solely conducted at 52,
Great Russell-street, opposite the British Museum gate, where only can
be had their celebrated spectacies, opera and field glassea, No travellers,
