OST, on or about the 26th of July last, THREE
MINIATURES; one of a lady in a turban and a mantle trimmed
with ermine, painted on ivory; onb of two children, one dark, three¬
quarters length, and the other an infant, very fair, with a cap, also on
ivory; one an enamel of a youth nine years of age, with curly hair,
and a maroon dress; in an or-moulu frame. Each miniature was in a
rocco case. Whoever will take one or all these miniatures to Mr.
W. C. Waters, 19, Buckingham Palace-road, shall be liberally RE¬
WARDED
CAUTION to BANKERS, Bill Discounters, and
others.—BILL LOST, first of exchange, drawn by Jacobs and
Dusselberg, of Crefeld, on and accepted by K. Bowen and Co., of 41 to
44, Gresham-street, at 30 days from Aug. 10th, for £1,489 12s. 3d.
All persons are cautioned against negotiating this bill, payment of
which will be refused at maturity,
TEN POUND BANK-NOTE LOST, in or near
on the 16th; No. 76180. Payment stopped. The finder
will be REWARDED. Apply at 8, Clement's-lane, Lombard-street.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday, a
GOLD OVAL LOCKET, set in turquoise, with photographs of a
lady and gentleman. Supposed to have been dropped in a Waterloo
omnibus. To be taken to Miss Pratt, 28, Wellington-street, Camden¬
town, N.W.
TO CABMEN and others.—LOST, on Tuesday
evening, the 9th inst., in a Hansom, taken from the rank Hol¬
born, or dropped near Russell-square, a GOLD LOCKET, with double
horseshoe in pearls. FOUR POUNDS REWARD if taken to Mr.
Walton, S. Ludgate-bill
TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, a
SCRIP CERTIFICATE, numbered 15433, for £120 in the Stock
of the Great Indian Peninsula Railway Company, dated 21st January.
1862, and registered in the name of Miss S. A. Muir Mackenzie. The
above reward will be paid to any person taking the certificate to No. 8,
West Eaton-place, Eaton-square, or to the London and County Bank,
Albert-gate, S.W.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a CIRCULAR
LETTER of CREDIT, on J. Munroe and Co. Paris. Payment
pped. No use but to owner. Return to Alexanders, Cunliffe, and
Co., 30, Lombard-street; or to Henry T. Leeds, 25, Bedford-square.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST (near St.
Pancras Church), a BLACK RETRIEVER DOG, with white
line on chest. Answers to the name of Pilot. Had on, when lost, an
old leather collar, with brass plate. Apply at 23, Upper Woburn-place.
No further reward will be offered.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—Box Missing.—
TAK
N by MISTAKE, n
Vauxhall Station, on the after¬
oon of Saturday, 30th July, between 3 and 4 o'clock, a BLACK

THER BOX.
toe h white canvas
mall
over, strapped with
ather fastenings, addresse
er Bristol.
M iss Sandeman pea s.
Whoever.
all return the same to the Traffic Manager, Waterloo Sta¬
tion, or give s eue e
formation as shall lead to its discovery, shall receive
the above re
hands of
 e a list of the contents of the
go n
the police.

Hereby give notice, that I am NOT CONNECTED
in any BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS with Mr. ELI ELPHICK,
plaintiff at the late assizes, holden at Lewes, in the cause or "Elphick
versus L. B. and S. C. Railway Company
(Signed)
H. ELPHICK, Cattle Importer, Brighton and
August 16th, 1870.
Littlehampt.
THE SICK and WOUNDED.—Mrs. COLLINSON
HALL begs to ACKNOWLEDGE very gratefully the generou¬
response she has received to her appeal in The Times of the 4th in¬
stant for WHITE RAGS, for conversion into bandages for the sick
and wounded during the present lamentable War. There is still, how¬
ever, great and immediate want of this especial aid, and Contribu¬
tions are still most earnestly solicited. The carriage and all expenses
will be cheerfully paid on all parcels addressed to Mrs. Collinson Hall,
care of Mr. Gardner 453, Strand.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 559.—In the Matter of
the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53.—Notice is here
given, that on the application of EDWARD GEORGE GRIFFITH,
of Christchurch, in the colony of New Zealand, Esquire, the Re¬
gistrar intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the
date hereof to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the HERE¬
DITAMENTS, called or known as No. 21, 22, 23, 24, and 25, Falcon¬
court, being on the south side of the said court, in the parish of St.
George the Martyr, Southwark, in the county of Surrey, and in the
tenures or occupations of Edward Rogers, George Hudson, and
others, and which said coort
lies between Borough High-street,
in the said parish, and Red Cross-street, and which said here.
ditaments are delineated on the Map No. 559, deposited in
the Office of Land Registry as part of the description of the same
hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with the mines
and minerals under the same.
If any person objects to or desire
to show cause against such registration, or claim that the same should
be subject to any conditio

estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved or ad¬
mitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the register, such
person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34 Lincoln's¬
inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three
months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or
otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against, or
to make such claim in respect of such registration. But any per¬
son desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in
writing, stating the particulars thereof and with his name and ad
dress thereto, in the said office, before the expiration of the said three
months, otherwise he will be excluded from making the same. The
aforesaid Map may be inspected at the said office at any time before
the expiration of the said three months. —Dated this 17th day of
August, 1870.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
STURMY and DIGGLES, Solicitors to the Applicant.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 558.—In the Matter of
the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53.—Notice is hereby
given, that, on the application of the Reverend THOMAS THOMP¬
SON GRIFFITH, of Minor Canon-row, Rochester, in the county of
Kent, clerk, the Registrar intends, at the expiration of three calen¬
dar months from the date hereof to REGISTER with an INDE¬
FEASIBLE TITLE—first, the HEREDITAMENTS on the west side
of Grove-lane, in the parish of Saint Giles, Camberwell, in the
county of Surrey, partly unoccupred, and partly in the tenures or occu¬
pations of William Walter, Esq., Mrs. Elizabeth Minson, and others,
comprising Nos. 16, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, and 24, Queen's-row, Grove-lane,
and also the site of a road five feet wide at the rear of No. 23,Queen's¬
row, and 24 feet wide at the rear of Nos. 1 to 22 (both inclusive),
Queen's-row, continuing 24 feet in width for 15 feet beyond the rear of
No. 1, Queen's-row, towards the north, and thence turning and extend¬
ing eastward at the north end of Queen's-row 15 feet wide up to Grove¬
ne; secondly, the Hereditaments called or known as Nos. 4, 5, 6, 7.
8, 9, 10, 11, and 12, Falcon-court, being on the north side of the said
court, in the parish of Saint George the Martyr, Southwark, in the
county of Surrey, and in the tenures or occupations of Hannah
Brooks, William Burnell, and others, and which said court lies between
Borough High-street, in the said parish, and Red Cross-street; and
thirdly, the Hereditaments called or known as Griffith's-field, or
Churchyard-field, formerly called Pavis-field, in the parish of Play¬
den, in the county of Sussex, containing three acres and 26 perches or
thereabout, in the tenure or occupation of John Tolhurst Nuttell,
bounded on or towards the north by property of the rector of Playden,
lying between the said field and Playden churchyard, and on or to¬
wards the soutll by the public road known as Saltcote-street, and
which said hereditaments, firstly, secondly and thirdly hereinbefore
described, are delineated on the map No. 558, deposited in the
office of Land Registry as part of the description of the same here¬
ditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with the mines and
minerals under the same. If any person object to, or desire to show cause
against such registration, or claim that the same should be subject to
any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or
incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted
before the Registrar, should be entered on the register, such person
may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn¬
fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three months, per¬
sonally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to
make such objection to, or to show cause against, or to make such claim
in respect of such registration. But any person desiring to make such
objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particu¬
lars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the said office,
before the expiration of the said three months, otherwise he will be
excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map may be inspected
at the said office at any time before the expiration of the said three
months. —Dated this 17th day of August, 1870.
D. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
STURMY and DIGGLES, Solicitors to the Applicant.
THE WAR.—VOLUNTEERS WANTED.—It is
proposed to raise a corps composed exclusively of men of the
upper and middle classes, the fundamental principle of which shall be
that every member shall engage to make himself theroughly efficient
and to attend at least 26 drills in the year. The corps will be self¬
supporting, receiving no pecuniary aid from Government, but the sub¬
scription need not exceed two guineas per annum. Excessive cost of
uniform and accoutrements will be avolded. It is believed that many
gentlemen will gladly join a corps in which strict discipline shall be
maintained, real efficiency in all ranks rigorously demanded, and full
attendance at all parades ensured. Gentlemen desirous of being
enrolled are requested to send their names to the Honorary Secretary,
V. R., 88, Chancery-lane, W. C., where further particulars may be
obtained on application, between half-past 5 and 7 p.m., on any day

SALT-TRADING MERCHANTS.—Notice.—The
NEW REGULATIONS (the 2d excepted), as advertised on the
18th July ult., for the export of the above article are SUSPENDED
until the 19th September next, from and after which day they will

By order,
The Spanish Consul-General, U. MONTEJO.
TO Messrs. JOHN HALL and SON, Lombard¬
street, London, Gunpowder Manufacturers.—Gentlemen,—Wo
have to express our great regret at having forwarded inadvertently
to London for shipment to Rio Janeiro 211 cases of gunpowder, the
tins being an imitation of yours, and bearing labels with imitations of
your names and trade-marks. The imitation of your name being
John Bail and Sons. We also undertake and agree not to import,
export, use, or sell in future any tins bearing your names and trade¬
mark or imitations of them, or any canisters or cases with labels bear¬
ing your names and trade marks or imitations of them.
We are, Gentlemen, your obedient servants,
8th August, 1870. J. P. GERARD et Cle. Liege,
pour 164

isation de la signature   M 
S . rard
et Cie., Industrie.
ncete Ville.

Liege,
,1870
rD. PIERIOZ.
gme
Le Bo.
ES.
RS. JOHH.
HH.
  a o
N. 
bard¬
street. Lnon n n n ene e en.
ve
mnufacturers, hereb
nend

of e requen

IFRINGEMENT of


S an d T R .
e r a n dulent and colourable
me e e and more
ons of
Imita.

Belgian, and

coe ers ae ede merchants, they will in all
cases hereafter commence and prosecute legal proceedings against all
boersons using their names ar
trade marks or colourable and fraud
lene t imitations of th em
IN HALL and SON.

Sin.
Witness— James Powell, ce.
 to Mr. W. Roberts Harris
Chancery..
S.
JUENOS AYRE E
EREO ENOM E ST
CERTIFI¬


(Translation.)
We, the undersigned, at the request of Messrs. aen.
Thompson
e.
an no no
to e O N SA M e.
CHUBB and SON
onon, of w
ae e entlemen are agents, were expose.

hours to the fire that took place in the offices of the Natin.
ae oovern
ven,
me t e et
o the 2 6 th ien s t e te ae in

easily opened with their respective keys; that the moneys and im¬
portant d o e o.
the e n dn in
foe e¬
that these safes are now in
in the National Treasury-office.
Buenos Ayres, July 31, 186
. J. M. DRA 
of the Natioal
te r r  snn¬
over
e.
HOESE
eee
UAN N. AL
AREZ.
a n e coon¬
A. M.
Chubb and Sons, 57, St. Paul's churchyard, London; 68, Cross-street,
Manchester; 28, Lord-street, Liv.


hampton. Price lists on application.
MR. CHARLES FRODSHAM, having learnt that
CHRONOMETERS and other WATCHES,
aen

quality, marked with his name, and with his trade mark:—"Arnold
Chas. Frodsham; F.M.S.Z.; N
r ofered for sale by auc¬
tion or otherwise, begs respectfully to CAUTION the public that such
articles have not been manufactured by him, and
t s u ch use of his
name is a forgery. —Charles Frodsham, maker to the Queen, 84, Strand,
Lond
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared
E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
label, used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby
CAUTION.—VOIGTLANDERS OPERA and
RACE GLASSES. The genuine bear the following inscription
on the slides:—"Callaghan, sole agent, 23a, New Bond-street, corner of
Conduit-street." By appointment. N.B. Prices now reduced.
CAUTION.—Bragg's Charcoal Biscuits.—J. L.
BRAGG has occasion to CAUTION the public against IMITA¬
TIONS of his celebrated CHARCOAL BISCUITS. Those manufac
tured by him all bear his label and trade mark (J. L. B.). Sold by all
chymists, and at 14, Wigmore-street, Cavendish-square, London, W.
CAUTION. —Betts' Patent Capsules.—The public are
respectfully cautioned that BETTS PATENT CAPSULES are
being INFRINGED by importations from abroad. Betts' name is
upon every capsule he makes for lesding merchants at home and
abroad.—1, Wharf-road, City-road, London, April 8, 1869, and Bor¬

CAUTION to PURCHASERS of EASY CHAIRS
and COUCHES.—Label.—Messrs. T. H. FILMER and SON,
upholaterers and decorators, beg to inform the public that all chairs
and sofas of their manufacture bear a brass label, with their name and
address, 28, 31, and 32, Berners-street, Oxford-street, London W., this
label being the only guarantee of their manufacture and quality.
CAUTION.—Billiards.—THURSTON and Co. beg
to CAUTION the public against purchating BILLIARD
TABLES represented to be second-hand tables of their manufacture,
In order to protect themselves and intending purchasers from this
gross imposition, they will, witho e et
Barge, examine any bilard
bles.

purporting to be of their make,

Strand, London, W.C.
Established 1814.
JON.—Ice Safes.—Inpn.
CAU

an re¬

T FILEITIEIN.
oNuAnAin n   EAPEATESTII
LEFER EIGEREREE

These Filtering Ice Safes having a world-wide reputation on account
tiirgres
of

thers t e e Piston Freezing Machine
ano ice Company ind it necessary to CAU  
te tehe puei ie ie

IMITATI i,
sin
to e nn
frequently offered for sale,

te e io e
constructie
te e e n
principle.   sso o en.
trining refri.
aor is manufactured solely

by the i F
ing Machine and Ies Compa.
oede aen be seen in
action at thair offices, 314 and 3150, Oxford-street.
Harewood-sat.
