to C.—Fer dof's sake 1et me her where yon are
MISSING FRIENDS.—NORAH FOLEY, John
Timothy, Julia and Mary Foley, who lived for some years in
the neighbourhood of Sow-street, Covent-garden, or in the vicinity of
Holborn will hear of something to their advantage by COMMUNI¬
CATING with J. W. Carter, Towers Herald-office, Charters Towers,
Qu
MR. FREDERICK WILLIAM THOMAS, formerly
f 28, Leadenhall-Street, London, Auctioneer

sentatives or their solicitors, are requested to COMMUNICATE with
Messrs. J. E. Fox and Co., 65, Chancer-lane, W.C., Solicitors, on a
family matter of business in which they are interested.
JOHN EVANS, deceased.—The NEXT of KIN of
JOHN EVANS, lats of Ford, in the county of Salop, laboun¬
ceased, who died on the 27th May last, are requested to COMMU¬
NICATE with Ann Evans, of Heath cottage, Shoot-hill, Ford, near
Shrewsbury, the relict and administratrix of the deceased. —July 24th,
187
QUEEN CHARLOTTES LYING-IN HOSPITAL,
191, Marylebone-road, W.—The Hon. E. Yorke, Treasurer, thank¬
fully ACKNOWLEDGES a DONATION of £25 from Mrs. A.
Morrison
bae towards the expenses of providing new
D.  ALFRED PHILLIPS, Secretary, Sept. 8.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, between Oxford¬
street and Montagu-square, a GOLD BRACELET, with ruby
centre and locket attached. The above reward will be paid on return
the bracelet to 17, Rutland-gate, Knightsbridge.
LOST, at the Promenade Concerts, on Friday evening
last, a DARK LEATHER WALLET, containing first class
season ticket between London and Norwood Junction, Brighton
Railway; £5 Bank of England note, No. 01650, 21st Feb., 1879 ; two
cheques, one for £50, one for £7; bill of exchange for £60, carte de
visite. If finder will kindly leave same at Horncastle's, 61, Cheap¬
side, E.C., or communicate with the name on season ticket at bust
ness address, or cards in case, he can receive TWO POUNDS
REWARD. All notes, cheques, &c., stopped
LOST, on Sunday last, a SMALL LIGHT BROWN
BITCH, cross of King Charles's breed. Answers to the name of
Flo. Any person giving information that will lead to her recovery
shall receive £2 REWARD, by applying to Thomas Henderson, 61, Lee¬
bank-road Edgbaston, Birming
REWARD.—AUSTRALL
LAND TITLES.—
Whereas, the CERTIFICE E 
oroo

and

Poe rt awier, in the province of South Aus¬


tie e t of Section 524 of the
said Hundred,
ahl eh h e in
 o.
aeae
Merchand
sen
on
Nie e b y i ene
SSSING; Intin.
that a reward of £2 2s, will be pe e¬
dellvers the
to en h
ae d n ocouments to th
aonorersigned.—BEVEne

 S TI
Solicitors for Mr. Broadfoot's Trustees, 24, Bernard¬
t, Leith 1 28 .
ust, 1800
NETROPOLITAN BOARD of WORKS.—In the
Matter of the Metropolis (Goulston-street, Flower and Dean¬
street, Whitechapel, &c.), Improvement Provisional Orders Confirma¬
on Act, 1877.—METROPOLIS (GOULSTON-STREET, and
FLOWER and DEAN-STREET, WHITECHAPED) IMPROVE¬
MENT SCHEME, 1877.—Notice to Owners of the Scheduled Lands,
and to all other persons interested in or affected by the above

The Metropolitan Board of Works do hereby give notice, that
BENJAMIN BRIDGES HUNTER ROL

has been APPOINTED by Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the
Home Department ARBITRATOR, under and for the purposes of
the above-mentioned Act and Scheme, between the Metropolitan
Board of Works and the persons interested in such of the scheduled
lands, or lands injuriously affected by the execution of the above
Scheme, so far as compensation for the same has not been, or may not
be, made the subject of agreement.
2. That copies of the maps, and schedule of lands, which were, under
the said Act and scheme, deposited at the Home Office, have
been deposited at the offices of the Metropolitan Board of Works, at
Spring-gardens, S.W., and can be inspected at any time between 10
o'clock a.m. and 4 o'clock p.m. on any week day except Saturday.
when they can be seen between the hours of 10 o'clock a.m. and
2 p.m.
3. That all owne e e
and ocouplers of
mhe s cheduled lands, or
any of thoese a ede
a dall persons enab l 
to sell, or coe
or re¬
lease any of the e s aieo


a eeted

executoio n of 
above scheme, or any in
cer est in such lands, are
hereby required to deliver to the Arbitrator, a
his Chambers, No. 1,
New-court, Middle Temple, on on bef
Saturday, the 2 e
October.
1879, a statement in writing of the nature of their respective
claims.
The follo
the s the form in whie
the c e 
e mado, and
printed copies thereof can be obtained from me on application
in writing:
Metropolis (Goulston-street, Flower and Dean-Street, Whitechapel,
&c.) Improvement Provisional Orders Confirmation Act, 1877
Goulston-street, and Flower and Dean-Street Whitechapel Improve¬
ment Scheme. 1877.
18 1 3.
1  S.
1.
82 8.
Dated this 27th day of
LE . WAREFIELE DS So.
kof the Metropolitan
g-gardens, London, S.W


Those cases whore claims have already hee
dae eered to
the Board, or have been settled by agreement, it will not be necessary
to  send conies
such claims to the said Benjamin Bridges Hunter

METROPOLITAN G
N TO
S.—Iin t e
Matter of the e ete,


tetet Flo
and Dean¬
street, Whitechapel, &c.) Improvement Provision.

trers o.
cts.
W.—
ETROPOLIS (ST. GEORGE-THE-MARTYR,
So0.
SEIARK) IN
ROVEMENT SCHEME, 1877.—Notice to
Owners of the sece a ae
at a a to all othe
persons interested in
or affected by the above Scheme.
esses
taer 
ohe s do hereby give no
ciee e at
BENJAMIN BRIDGES HUNTER RODWELL, Esq., C.C., M.P.,
has been APPOINTED by Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the
Home Department ARBITRATOR, under and for the purposes of the
above-mentioned Act and Scheme, between the Metropolitan Board
of Works and the persons interested in such of the scheduled lands,
or lands injuriously, affected by the execution of the above Scheme,
so far as compensation for the same has not been, or may not be,
made the subject of agreement.
. 2. That copies of the maps and schodule of lands, which were under
the said Act and Schome deposted at the Home Office, have been de¬
posited at the offices of the Metropolitan Board of Works, at Spring¬
gardens Charing-cross, S.W., and can be inspected at any time be¬
tween 10 o'clock a.m. and 4 p.m., on any week day except Saturday,
when they can be seen between the hours of 10 o'clock a.m. and 2 p.m.
. 3. That all owners, lessees, and occupiers of the scheduled lands, or
any of those lands, and all persons enabled to sell, or convey, or re¬
lease any of the said lands, or any lands injuriously affected by the
execution of the above Scheme, or any interest in such lands, are
hereby required to deliver to the
Joitraton.
his chambers, No en,
sesa
de e te mp e oe 
before Satur

October, 1879, a statement in writing of the nature of their respective
claims.
The following is the form in which the claim should be made, and
printed copies thereof can be obtained from me on application in
writing
Metropolis (Goulston-street, Flower and Dean-Street, Whitechapel,
&c.) Improvement Provisional Orders Confirmation Act. 1877.
St. George-the-Martyr, Southwark. Improvement Scheme, 1677.
.
81 8


a 8  86 8£8 3.
Dated this 27th day
gust, 187.
WAKEFIELD, Clerk of the Metropolitan
taardes, London, S.W.
Board of Works.
N.B.—In those cases where claims have already been delivered to the
Board, or have been settled by agreement, it will not be necessary to
send copies of such claims to the said Benjamin Bridges Hunter Rod¬
well, Esq.
ARTIZANS and LABOURERS' DWELLINGS
IMPROVE
SENT
METROPOLIS (HIGH¬
ASTREE
ISLINGTON) IMPROVEMENT SCHEME, 1877.
Metropolitan B.
d  Works, Spring-gardens Chae e.


S.W.—Notice is here.
toinen, t at the FINAL AWARD of Sir
Henry Arthe h n,

e
ter of the above named
Act and Scheme, has b
deposit
at the Home Olfice, Whitch a.
Lo
on S. W., and that a copy thereof has also been deposited at the

ohe e e
copolitan Board of Wor
Spring-gardens e e
said, and that ail persons clain
g to have any rignt to or interest
in
ta n n n o o
yof the lands combensation for which is ascertained
te e e t e
oe e


ciee te e Solicitor, Sprin.
ardens, Charing-cross, London,

before the
1st day of
ember nest.



tin n e c a in.
gether with a short abstract of
to e e e e e e e
the e is founded: and furt
 e .

abstract, in the e e td
ain pe erson claiming a fee simple
ceret in
.
ai naidn en niui st commence 20.
ears previous to the date

unless an absolute conve

the land shall have been
nae e within 20 years, an¬
more than 10 years pried

hien.
in.
ae a straed
ust commence with the conveyance.
The
etropolitan Board of Work,
will pay all reasonable costs with
rospect to every such statement and abstraet.
Dated this 27th day of Aucust, 187.
J. E. WAKEFIELD, Clerk of the Metropolitan
Board of Works.
CHARITY COMMISSION.—In the Matter of the
Charity known as the LONDON MARITIME INSTITU¬
TION, in the City of London, and in the Matter of "The Charitable
Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1869."—Notice is hereby given, that an ORDER
has been made by the Board of Charity Commissioners for England
and Wales DISCHARGING JAMES SHEPHERD of Jelfery¬
square, in the parish of St. Mary-axe, in the City of London, Ship¬
owner, at his own request, from being a TRUSTEE of the above¬
mentioned Charity, and appointing pew
rustees thereof.
Acopy of the Order may be insp
te ad
y except on
Sunda .
the space

adar mo
the o e computed
fr o m p 
to on nonf tht
lotice, at the house of the Superin¬
tendent of the Almshouses of the abovementioned Qharity, at Bow¬
mon, between
thours of 11 a.m. and 3 p.  .
taethe
the

id Commissioners, Whitehall. London, S.
be
tenth
nours
of 10 a.m. and 4 p.m.¬
ated this 1st day of August, 1879

BO OIER OM ALE VANE, Secretary
Note.—Copies of the Order may be obtained at the office of the
Commissioners during the abovementioned space of one month at the
price of 3d. each, which may be remitted by post-office order, payable
to Henry Morgan Vane, at the post-office, Charing-cross; or, if the
amount be less than 2s. 6d., in penny postage stamps.
and R. GOLE, 4. Lime-street, E.C.
CHARITY COMMISSION.—In the Matter of
ALLEYN'S COLLEGE of GODS GIFT, at Dulwich, in the
county of Surrey, and in the Matter of "The Charitable Trusts Acts,
1853 to 1869.—By direction of the Board of Charity Commissioners
for England and Wales, notice is hereby given, that the Governors of
this College propose to GRANT a BUILDING LEASE of the PRO¬
PERTY mentioned in the subjoined Schedule for the term of eighty¬
four years from the 24th of June, 1879, at the annual rent of
£20 6s. 8d. for the first two years of such term, and of £40 13s. 4d. for
each succeeding year, the lessee covenauting to expend in the erection
thereon of buildings, to the satisfaction of the Governors, a sum of
not leas than £2,000.
Further particulars may be ascertained from Alexander D. Druce,
Esquire, 10, Billiter-square, E.C., Solicitor to
Governors.
Any objection to the proposed lease may be transmitted to the
Commissioners in writing addressed to their Secretary, Whitehall,
London, S.W., within 21 days from the first publication of this notice.
—Dated the twenty-third day of August, 1
ENRY M. VANE, Secretary.
Schedule.—A plece of land situate on the east sid
ote e High¬
road, in Dulwich, in the parish of St. Giles, Camberwell, in the county
of Surrey, having a frontage to such road of 130 feet or thereabouts.
and an average depth of 365 feet or thereabouts.
WILLIAM GOW, heretofore called and known by
the name of William Gow Smith, of Shillong, in Assam, in the
East Indies, and now of No. 67, Great Tower-street, in the City of
London, Tea Planter, do hereby give notice, that on the 28th day of
this present month of August, I abandoned and ceased to use the
surname of Gow Smith, and ADOPTED and took my family SUR¬
NAME of GOW, as my surname in substitution of the surname of
Gow Smith, and I am determined at all times hereafter in all deeds,
documents, and writings, and in all dealings and transactions, and
on all occasions whatsoever to subscribe and to be designated, de¬
scribed, called, and known by the surname of Gow. I further refer all
whom it may concern to the deedipoll under my hand and seal, dated
the said 28th day of August instant declaring that I shall at all
times hereafter in all deeds, documents, and writings, and in all deal¬
ings and transactions, and on all occasions whatsoever use the sur¬
name of Gow in substitution of the above surname of Gow Smith, duly
mrolled by me in the High Court of Justice, Chancery Division, on
the 29th day of August instant. Dated the 30th day of August, 1879.
WILLIAM GOW ES,
Witnesses—W. D. H. Ochme, T. C. Summerhays, Solicitors, 167,
Gresham-house, Old Broad-street, London.
POLLAKYS PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.
13, Paddington-green.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—Mr. WENDEL
SCHERER, 24 years' English and foreign experience, canb
daily personally consuited, in all cases of importance, at 11, Blomfield¬
terrace, Paddington.
FIELD and NICHOLLS.—The PRIVATE IN¬
QUIRY OFFICE, established upwards of 30 years
d late chief of the Metropolitan Detective Police, and C. Nicholls,
No. 33, Essex-street, Strand.
