AURA.—Jockey Comb, and Free Coms, a failure.
Your money all lost. So, so sorry.
CANCER HOSPITAL.—The Secretary regrets that,
in the amount (£6 5s. 6d.) acknowledged to be found in the dona¬
tion-box at Brompton in The Times of the 8th May, special mention

F. this should MEET the EYE of GEORGE

May 11th, if he will WRITE, and return to his unhappy parents, all
will be forgiven.
LOST, on Thursday, May 14th, between the hours of
caa
ever will take the same to the hall porter, Army and Navy Club, shall be
liberally REWARDED.
LOST, a PURSE, containing gold, in a Chelsca
and Hoton Omnibus, near Church-Street, Chelsea, about half¬
ee
it to Messrs. Mertens and Co., 4, Barge-yard, city, shall be REWARDED
for the trouble.
THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on
Thursday afternoon, the 14th, between Hammersmith-bridge and
Hampton-court, a MOROCCO CIGAR CASE, with brace plate and
inscription. Whoever will take the same to the hall porter, 14, Regent¬
street, shall receive the reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, in one of the
Portrait galleries of the old Exhibition Building, at South Ken¬

set with garnets and diamonds. Whoever will take the same to H. C.,
17, St. James's-square, shall receive the above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the night
of Monday, April 27
between the town of Swansea and Didcot.
Stal
Ba 
ks, a GOLD WATCH and CHAIN. The watch which is
large and thin, with a gold face, was mase by Nicole, Frères, à
Geneve. The chain had on it a bar key with a seal, on which is en¬
graved a crest and R. J. S. Apply to Mr. E. J. Morris, Savings
Bank, Swansea.
COL. ST. MAUR deposited certain property in the
sssea
-street, Regent-street, W., in
the year 1864; if the said PROPERTY is NOT CLAIMED within one
month from th e e,
sent date it will be SOLD to pay rent and expenses.
—G. H. and A. BYWATERS.
MR. GEORGE L. HALL deposited certain property
deensenseee
steede
in the year 1863 ; if the said PROPERTY is NOT CLAIMED
within one month from the present date it will be SOLD to pay rent
and expenses.—G. H. and A. RYWATERS.
MR. BOND deposited certain property in the Re¬
gent's Pantechnicon, No. 9. King-street, Regent-street, W., in
the year 1863; if the said PROPERTY is NOT CLAIMED within one
month from the present date it will be SOLD to pay rent and expenses.
—G. H. and A. BYWATERS.
CONSIGNEE WANTED.—WANTED, the CON¬
SIGNEE of 25 bags of PIGS HAIR, arrived from Hamburg on
the 16th April, 1867, per s.s. Ostrich. If not claimed within a month
from this date the goods will be sold to defray freight and expenses.
Apply to F. Stahlschmidt and Co., 90, Lower Thames-street, E.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt of the sum of £673 10s. 5d. Reduced £3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of THOMAS
BOWKER, of Whittlesey, Cambridgeshire, Esquire, and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1858;—Notice
is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to
Thomas Bowker, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
PERSONS of the NAMES of AYNSWORTH,
Bellassis, Blaithwaite, Bodington, Bucknall, Burton, Carpenter,
Coggs, Foche, Goodall, Hicks, Hurt, Isted, Jarvis, Marshall, Meers,
Monecy, Neale, Pitfield, Rowe, Sambrooke, Sweetapple, Williams,
Woodroffe Yeo, and Ycoman are hereby informed that some IN¬
FORMATION, which may be very greatly to their advantage, in refe¬
rence to large sums of money unclaimed, is now published in the 20th
No. of RESEARCHES RESPECTING FAMILY HISTORY, Un¬
claimed Property, Estates in Abeyance, and Next of Kin Wanted.
Price 5s., or sent free for 62 postage stamps. Address J. H. Fennell,
No. 49, Millbank-street, near the Houses of Parliament, Westminstsr.
MICHAEL CLARKE, deceased. — Whereas Michael
Clarke, late of Corley, in the county of Warwick, farmer, de¬
ceased, by his will, dated the 14th day of August, 1863, directed his
trustees to pay and divide one moiety of his estate unto and equally
among such of the brothers and sisters of his late mother (whose
maiden name was Mary Huskins) as should be living at the time of
his decease, and the children of such of them as should be then dead,
and should present themselves to his said trustees within three years
from the day of his death, but not otherwise; and whereas the said
Michael Clarke died on the 15th day of October, 1865, and the said
period of three years will expire on the 15th day of October
ext;—Now notice is hereby given, that all PERSONS
TITLED to PARTICIPATE in the before-mentioned MOIETY
of the ESTATE of the said MICHAEL CLARKE, under the disposi¬
tion thereof contained in the said will, are hereby required, on or
before the 15th day of October next, to forward particulars of
their claims (stating their relationship to the mother of the said Michael
Clarke) to Messrs. Woodcocks, Twist, and Son, of Bayley-lane, in the
city of Coventry, the solicitors to the trustees; and notice is hereby


make,
such claim on or before the said 15th day of October next will
be excluded from participating in the said moiety of the said estate,
and that after the said 15th day of October next the said trustees will
proceed to a distribution of the said moiety of the said estate among
the parties entitied thereto, having regard only to the claims of which
they shall then have had notice. — Dated this 14th day of May, 1868.
WOODCOCKS, TWIST, and SON, Solicitors, Coventry
NOTICE to SHIPPERS.—A PENALTY of £20
attaches to all parties sending to the LONDON, St. Katherine's,
or Victoria DOCKS for shipment GOODS of a COMBUSTIBLE or
otherwise DANGEROUS NATURE, without their description being
distinctly marked on the tops of the packages containing the same.
rmation as to the natur o f th e e
Sut ic ie n t in
ise st also be con¬
tained in the shipping note, and such articles will not be received at
the e oe ec e¬
export
te is ready to take them an
ard
Nitro-glycerine or gionorine oil will not be received for shipment in the
docks under any circumstances.
T. W. COLLETT, General Manager.
London and St. Katherine's Docks-house, 109, Leadenhall¬
street, May, 1868.
NOTICE to TRADESMEN and others. —The under¬
signed Sir John B. W. S. Gardiner, of Rocke-court, in the county
of Southampton, Baronet, hereby gives public notice, that he is no
longer residing at No.65 (late 37), Brook-street, Grosvenor-square, Mid¬
dlesex. He further gives notice, that no person has any authority to
pledge his credit, nor to incur any debt or liability in his name or on
his behalf. —Dated the 8th day of May, 1868.
JOHN B. W. S. GARDINER.
All persons having claims against Sir John B. W. S. Gardiner are
requested to send in their accounts to his solicitors, Messrs. Domville,
Lawrence, and Graham, 6, New-square, Lincoln's-inn, London,
TO the SHAREHOLDERS in OVEREND,
GURNEY, and Co. (Limited).—39, King-Street, Cheapside,
London, E.C., 15th May, 1868.—The Committee appointed to conduct
the proposed action against the Directors have been given to under¬
stand that certain interested persons, for the purpose of inducing you
to withhold your support, have circulated a rumour that the liquida¬
tors intend to institute similar proceedings on your behalf.
The Committee think it right to delare publicly that the liquidators.
as they are fully aware, have no power to take any such proceedings,
The Committee would beg to point out, that while their own pro¬
ceedings will be directed to the citcumstances under which the Com¬
pany was formed, in the case of the liquidators it is entirely different,
as they can deal only with the conduct of the Directors subsequently to
the formation of the Company; and even to this extent they have
not, down to the present moment, taken steps of any kind whatever.
Moreover, those gentlemen have, for upwards of two years, known
all the facts for which they can possibly call the Directors to account.
During that long period, and in the face of two calls, which have
clready cost you more than £1,600,000, they have neither done nor
suggested anything with a view to making the Directors liable to com¬
pensate you for your losses; on the contrary, they seem to have
ignored all liability on the part of the Directors, having, to select one
instance out of many, actually paid over to the executors of the late
Mr. Gibb dividends to the amount of £21,000.
Under these circumstances, the proceedings contemplated by the
Coumttee against the Directors, which will not be delayed, are the
only available means of obtaining satisfactory retribution. As soon as
the writ has been served, measures will be adopted to close the List of

Finally, the Committee, being large shareholders, need hardly assure
you that all their practical arrangements will be framed with a view
to the eventual benefit of every subscriber in proportion to the number
of his shares.
LOSWALD HOWELL, Secretary.
THE only PERFECT EDITION of HALLAM's
MIDDLE AGES.—Alex. Murray and Son having advertised an
edition of Hallam's Middle Ages, I am obliged to warn the public
that the only edition that can be reprinted by them is the first edition
of that work, published in 1818, which the author himself declared
to be full of errors, which he took great pains to correct in 1848, in a
separate volume, especially enriched by additions relating to the Eng¬
lisu Constitution. This indispensable supplement, forming about one¬
fifth of the whole, is now incorporated in the work, but is entirely
wanting in the obsolete edition of 1818, reprinted by Alexander Mur¬
ray. The only perfect copy of Hallam's Middle Ages is that published
by me, containing all the Author's Notes and Corrections.

JOHN MURRAY, Albemarle-street.
AMPSON LOW and Co. beg to notify the
REMOVAL of their business from Ludgate-hill to the Crown¬
buildings, 188, Fleet-street.
English publication business entrance, 188, Fleet-street.
American bookselling business entrance, 183, Fleet-street.
The Publishers Circular office, 188, Fleet-street.
Export and country department, Clifford's-inn-passage.
All communications may now be addressed as ab
SAMPSON LOW, SON, and MARSTON, English, American,
and Colonial Booksellers and Publishers
CAUTION.—The CISTERN and other FILTERS,
officially adopied by Government for the Abyssinian army, the
iron-plated ships, barracks, military stores, &c., and so highly spoken
of by Dr. Frankland during the late visitation of cholera (see The
Times, Oct. 24th, 1866), can only be obtained at ATKINS's, 62, Fleet-st.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. 8, have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of
obtaining the genuine tinted lenses should apply only direct to them,
at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, opposite Crawley's Hotel.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHER's QUEEN's READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPIC LAMPS as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family. The public are cautioned against in¬
ferior imitations, M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-street, being
the sale inventor and manufacturer of these celebrated lamps. Draw¬
ings and prices post free.
CAUTION.—ENAMELLED SLATE.—The publ

are respectfully cautioned against the

being made of MAGNUS's ENAMELLED SLATE; for the most part
wretched attempts, and the best of which bear no comparison to the
productions of the inventor and orig ine

tee, each of which is

Magnus."The Pimlico Slate Works, 153, 15t
d 157,
Buckinghs
Palacer.
d S.W.
HAUSTION.—Ice
Safe.
The WENHAM LAKE
CE COMPANY give notice that every R e
C.

ice safe of their manu fa e c e
taeanae
Ao nd ade mark firmly
fixed to the inside, to imitate which is felony. This notice has become
necessary in
sequence of the numerous imitat
 of their refrige¬


to eas
they sell. Sole office, Wenham Lake Ice Con¬
any, 140.0
and, .C.
CAUTION.—T
PISTON FREEZ
G MACHINE
 ICE COMPANY beg to inform the public that th

taken over the ice busine o.
late GeorgeS.
on including those
valuable patents, Ash's celebrated Piston Freezing Machine, Ash's
Filtering Ice Safes, &c. They further notify that the Compan¬

tet any other compann
thats


the e ted articles will be seue

the o.
ny's sole office, 315c, Oxford-street, near Harowood-gates.
CAUTION.—In consequence of frequent misrepre¬
sentations, E. MOSES and SON, merchant tailors, outfitters, &c.,
find it necessary to state that they do not employ any travellers or
agents, and that their only establishme
arc the undermentioned:—
London Houses.
Corner of Minories and Aldgane
New Oxford-street, corner of Hart-street.
Corner of Tottenham-court-road and Euston-road.

CAUTION.—Thomas De La Rue and Co.'s Vegetable
Parchment.—This article having recently been offered for sale
without the authority of the patentees, Messrs. DE LA RUE and C.
give notice that their PATENT for VEGETABLE PARCHMENT
was EXTENDED by the Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's Privy
Council for the further period of five years from 5th of December, 1867.
All persons selling or using vegetable parchment not obtained from
the patentees or their agents will be prosecuted as infringers. —Dated,
110, Bunhill-row, Ap
16, 1868.

ater
ltration.—
o prevent
CAUTION.
kes the public are informed that the latest patented filter
mig
general use is th e
MAINCELE

tale
patent.
has supersede

a  e ie
Sept. 29,
al other,
fessor Frankland's reporis to the Registrar-Gener.
and Nov.,
July, 16
1867), insuring as it does a consta .
sesse

te estention whatever. Can be

an nd na an

ER
PURIFYING COMPANY, 157
 from Somerse
tn nrnd ou de end
use.
MAUTION.—Royal German.
Spa.
hton.—
ht
STRUVE and Co. requ


tcareful

Struve's name

of theif waters, withoue
thich, th o u ete

est,
cannot be of their manufacture. The fr

appi ie a .
aa
to i ton
 "Brighton Selt.

waters with
taeth Struve and Co. have no connection, renders this
notice due alike to the public and to Struve and C.
Struv.

tae 
tarsole
Waters
Pump Room, Brighton; by



London, and
 R te gent-str.
by all respectable chymists in the king dom,
