SCISSORS.—Believe me, the time that must pass
before we meet seems an age. You, and you alone, have power,
if not to shorten it, at least to cheer it. May I hope?
WOOD, Rev. GEORGE, late of Elveden Rectory,
Suffolk, deceased.—GEORGE WOOD, the third son of the
abovenamed gentleman, is requested to APPLY to John Taylor, Esq.,
No. 7 Gray's-inn-square, London, when he will hear of something to
his advantage.
REV. Mr. GIBSON, Author of the History of the
County of Cork, published about 1860. If this gentleman will
put himself in COMMUNICATION with A. F. G., post-office, Barnet,
he may be thereby advantaged.
ROYAL HOSPITAL for INCURABLES.—MARY
ANDREWS desires to return her grateful THANKS to those
friends and subscribers who have so kindly aided in securing her elec¬
tion this day, Nov. 26, 1869.
LOST, either in Portsdown-road, Maida-hill, or Dela¬
mere-street, or Westbourne-terrace, Hyde-park, a GOLD FOLD¬
ING DOUBLE EYE-GLASS, on a single piece of gold, Long-linked
Chain, and an Amber Brooch, with red picture in centre. TWENTY¬
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD will be given to whoever takes them to
Calder and Co.'s library, 1, Bathurst-street, Hyde-park.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LEFT in a Hansom
CAB, between 6 and 7 p.m. on the 20th November, a CASE, con¬
taining two ivory backed brushes, engraved with initials. Apply at
the United Hotel, Charles-street.
JOHN HENRY KOLLE, Esq.—Change of Name.
—Notice is hereby given, that by force of Her Majesty's Royal
licence for that purpose, and in compliance with the will of his mater¬
nal great aunt, Mary Ann Horton, late of Highbury, deceased, John
Henry Kolle, Esq., of Park-house, Upper Tooting, of the Holt, Mid¬
dleton Cheney, in the county of Northampton, and of No. 65, Queen¬
street, Cheapside, will henceforth ASSUME the NAME, and bear the
Arms, of HORTON only, instead of Kolle. —Dated this 20th day of
November, 1869.
SAML. POTTER, 36, King-street, Cheapside, Solicitor for
the said John Henry Horton.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
ingland to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of
£4,.779 6s. 5d., one dividend on £2,000, and one dividend on £200,
Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name
of-GEORGE-BENJAMIN LORIMER, of Kirklaufis, near Sanqu¬
har, Dumfries, grazier, and which dividends were paid over to the
Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debi, in conse¬
quence of the first thereof having remained unclaimed since the 5th
July, 1859;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Dividends will be paid to George
Benjamin Lorimer who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £459 12s. 5d. Consolidated
£3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of WIL¬
LIAM MORRIS, of Bishop Lydeard, and JOHN KIDNER, of Thur¬
loxton (both in Somersetshire), yeomen, and which was transferred to
the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having
remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1859;—Notice is hereby
given, that on the expiration of three months from this date, the said
Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to William
Morris and John Kidner, who have claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto,
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To SYLVANUS KING FOSSETT,
of the Chequers'-inn, Battle, in the county of Sussex, gentleman.—
Take notice, that a CITATION, bearing date the 11th day of Novem¬
ber, 1869, has issued under the seal of Her Majesty's Court for Divorce
and Matrimonial Causes, at the instance of Fanny Catherine Fossett,
of Vanbrugh-fields, Blackheath, in the county of Kent, citing you to
appear in the said Court, within eight days of the service thereof, then
and there to answer her petition, filed in the said Court, praying for a
dissolution of her marriage; and such citation contains an intimation
that, in default of your so doing, the said Court will proceed to hear
the said petition proved in due course of law, and to pronounce
sentence thereon, your absence notwithstanding. —Dated this 25th day
of November, 1869.
A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
H. C. NISBET and Co., of 35, Lincoln's-inn-fields,
Solicitors for the Petitioner.
NEXT of KIN.—A large BOOK, full of Advertise¬
ments and Names inquiring for Next of Kin, Heirs, and Legatees
Wanted, that have appeared in The Times, also country and colonial
newspapers, for the past 50 years, sent post free for 12 penny stamps,
by FISHER and SON, publishers, Blomfield-street, Kingsland, Lon¬
don. Established 1847. Wills and Records carefully examined, 6s.,
and letters replied to gratuitously.
DUC de MONTEBELLO'S, CHAMPAGNES.—
Caution.—Whereas an INJUNCTION in Chancery has been
obtained in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Gemmer," restraining
the defendant and all others from selling or parting with sundry cases
of Rhenish wine, imported from Rotterdam, containing bottles bear¬
ing imitation Duc de Montebello's labels and corks, and further prohi¬
biting the importation or sale of all wines bearing such imitation labels
or corks; and whereas, in the cause, "Duc de Montebellov. Jebens,"
tried in the Tribunal Correctionnel of Havre, a parcel of 250 cases,
containing 3,000 bottles of wine, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello
labels and corks, seized by the French Customs' authorities (the said
spurious wines having been sent from Germany and Havre to be
thence shipped to England, and thus through the colourable importa¬
tion from a French port to avoid detection on arrival here), were ad¬
judged to be confiscated; all persons are hereby cautioned against deal¬
ing with spurious champagnes, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello
labels and corks.
TAMPLIN and TAYLER, 159, Fenchurch-street, E.C.,
citors to the Dd e.
ontebello.
R. SYMONDS and SON, 3, Ingram-court, 167, 168, Fen¬
church-street, E.C., Agents to the Duc de Montebe
——
DUC de MONTEBELLOS CHAMPAGNES.—
R. SYMONDS and SON direct especial attention to the pre¬
ceding CAUTION, as renewed attempts are being made to intro¬
duce spurious wines, bearing forged Duc de Montebello labels and
corks. These spurious wines are mestly imported via Rotterdam. The
genuine Duc de Montebello's Champagnes can be obtained of any ro¬
spectable wine merchant in town or country.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE. —Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON,
bears the label, used so many years, signed
"Elizabeth Lazenby."
CAUTION.—Messrs. UNWIN and ALBERT, per¬
mers to the Royal Family, 24, Piccadilly, caution purchasers of
AURICOMUS FLUID against imitations of their registered article,
for producing golden hair. Agents for America, H. Levy and Brother,
No. 49, Maiden-lane, New York; Paris, F. Lecomte, ru.
 e  a Paix.
CAUTION.—Sir James Murray's Fluid Magnesia.—
The public and shippers are CAUTIONED against IMITA¬
TIONS. The ORIGINAL FLUID MAGNESIA, which has been
prepared by Sir James Murray for 60 years, bears his signature on the
labels, and is sold in large-sized bottles by all respectable chymists.
CAUTION.—The PATENT COMPOUND SET of
METEOROLOGICAL INSTRUMENTS, as suggested and ap¬
proved by Dr. Alinatt (vide The Times, Dec. 17 and 25, 1868), can only
be obtained of S. and B. SOLOMONS, 39, Albemarle-street. Piccadilly,
nearly opposite the Royal Institution. Price 52s. 6d. Proceedings will
be immediately taken against any one infringing the said patent.
CAUTION.—IRISH POPLINS.—Messrs. INGLIS
d TINCKLER, in answer to numerous inquiries, think it
necessary to state that they have no connexion whatever with any
house in College-green, Dublin, and that their poplins can only be
obtamed at their London establishment, 167, Regent-street, or from
their manufactory, 7 and 8, Eustace-Street, Dublin, Patterns post free.
CAUTION.—THORNTON's WALNUT EX¬
TRACT, for restoring gray hair and darkening it
when red. Price 1s. 6d., 2s. 6d., and 3s. 6d., by post 24 stamps.—
MARRIS, 37, Berners-street, being sole proprietor of the above
pomade, cautions the public against numerous imitations of the same.
—Marris, chymist, 37.
Berners-street, W
CAUTION.—
WILLISCHERS QUEENS READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPE LAMPS, as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family.—The public are CAUTIONED against
inferior imitations. M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-street, being
the sole inventor and manufacturer of these celeprated lamps. Draw¬
ings and prices post free. No agents¬
CAUTION.—JENNER and KNEWSTUB,
patentees of the ABC Despatch Box, beg respectfully to caution
the public against the deceptive and useless imitations of their ELGIN
WRITING-CASE, which is to be had only of the inventors and manu¬
facturers, Jenner and Knewstub, to the Queen, 33, St. James's-street,
and 66, Jermyn-street.
CAUTION.—PETTIT and Co., 459, 460, 461, New
Oxford-street, are the INVENTORS and PATENTEES of the
AMIANTH GAS FIRE. No smoky cellings with their patent Mica
Covers, boiling and kettle stands, hot plates, stoves for cooking and
heating fitted with their patent air and gas burners, boilers for baths,
conservatories, engines, hot water work, gas fittings, electrical bells.
Estimates free.
CAUTION to PURCHASERS of STEEL PENS.—
JOSEPH GILLOTT, pen maker to the Queen, having been in¬
formed that hawkers and others vending steel pens frequently repre¬
sent themselves falsely as being his travellers and coming direct from
his establishment, desires to caution the public against such impostors,
and to state that his representatives do not call upon consumers.—
Victoria Works, Birmingnam.
CAUTION.—A person is calling upon photographic
houses with portrats of Miss Maude Howard and Miss Rogers,
as Formosa, and other photographs, mounted on plain cards, which
are PIRATED COPIES of the LONDON STEREOSCOPIC COM¬
PANY'S PRODUCTIONS;—Notice is hereby given, that any parties
offering such goods for sale will be proceeded against, and the Com¬
pany respectfully request that any one knowing the name and address
of the person who is selling these Pirated Pnotographs to the trade
will communicate the same to the Company.—54, Cheapside, 110 and
108, Regent-street, Nov. 23, 1869.
CAUTION.—The NOURISHING STOUT.—Trade
Label.—The public are cautioned against receiving any as genuine
which does not bear upon each cask and bottle the registered trade
mark, as follows:—"Nourithing London Stout," between two red
circles; withm the inner circle, "Raggett (late Blockey), 21, Duke¬
street, St. James's," as well as the letters "R above B," in red; and
across the label, in white letters upon a red band, "Analyzed and Re¬
ported on by Dr. Hassall." It is very important that the names of
RAGGETT (late Blockey), and Dr. Hassall, should be distinctly
noted, as unprincipled traders are copying the label with this exception.
CAUTION.—The Pall-mall Jewel Case.—Messrs.
HOWELL, JAMES, and Co. beg respectfully to caution the
public that they are the sole patentees and manufacturers of the newly¬
invented PALL-MALL JEWEL CASE, the chief characteristics of
which will recommend themselves as a ready deposit and safeguard to
valuable property. In the construction of the case the greatest sim¬
plicity and portability have been observed, coupled with the utmost
secrecy and consequent security to the contents. It is fire-proof; and,
in discarding the hitherto shapened receptacles for the several articles,
the case is adupted to fit any jewel without the fear of the sligitest
injury. —Howell, James, and Co., Reccout-treet, Palng.
CAUTION.—Ash's Kaffec Kanne, the best system of
making coffee known; Ash's celebrated Filtering Retrigerator:
Ash's Piston Freezing Machine and Wine Cooler, used in all parts of
the world; Ash's Improved Double-wall Ice Water Pitcher (with
inside tube), to be used with or without ice; Ash's noted Freezing
Poders; Simpson's Seltzogenes, &c., are now the sole property of the
Piston Freezing Machme and Ice Company, who issue gratis a descrip¬
tive pamphlet. Legal proceedings will be taken against any person in¬
fringing the company's patent rights.—PISTON FREEZING
MACHINE and ICE COMPANY, 315e, Oxford-street (near Hare¬
wood-gate
CAUTION.—The Registrar-General's Returns show
an alarmingly increased mortality from scarlet and other forms
of fever. The highest medical authorities consider impure water a
most fruitful source of such diseases, and as no water stored in a cis¬
tern is ever pure, it should never be drunk unless properly filtered,
and the latest and best system of so doing is that—requiring no atten¬
tion on the part of servants and others—introduced by the LONDON
and GENERAL WATER PURIFYING COMPANY (Limited),
No. 157, Strand (four doors from Somerset-house), where the process
can be viewed and full particulars obtained. Read "Water, its Im¬
purities and Purification," per post, 3d.
CAUTION.—To Purchasers of the "AXE BRAND"
CLOTHING.—The registered trade-mark, bearing the above name
Axe Brand," has been so closely imitated by some unprincipled
persons that the proprietors, Messrs. FAVELL and BOUSFIELDS,
 St. Mary-axe, London, E.C., feel it a duty to insert this
CAUTION, for their own protection and that of their custemers.
The undersigned will Reward any person giving such information
as shall lead to the conviction of the parties guilty of the infringe¬
ment of the trade-mark in question.
SAMUEL POTTER, 36, King-Street, Cheapside, London,
Solicitor for Messrs. Favell and Bousfields, the Registered
Proprietors of the "Axe Brand" Trade-mark.
CAUTION.—LICENSED VICTUALLERS' TEA
ASSOCIATION, carrying on business at No. 3, Mincing-lane,
and 39, Fenchurch-street, in the city of London; at Southwark-street,
Borough, in the county of Surrey; and at 6, Rue Mont Thabor, Paris.
—The Title and Trade Mark of this Association having been duly
Registered according to law, the proprietors hereby give notice, that
all persons assuming the said title, or any imitation thereof, or making
e of the said trade mark, or otherwise infringing upon the rights and
privileges of the said Association, or selling tea without authority in
the name of the said Association, or any colourable imitation thereof.
will render themselves liable to proceedings which will be forthwith
taken against any person or persons so offending. Dated this 16th
day of November, 1t
LAWRENCE, HARDWICK, and Co., 157, Fenchurch-Street,
ndon, Solicitors for the said Association.
IMPORTANT CAUTION.—The unprecedented suc¬
cess of ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL for the hair has caused
counterfeiters to spring up in every possible sariety. Some so far copy¬
the labels as frequently to deceive the unwary; some offer to dispose
of the recipe of a Macassar oil, with other recipes of a similar rhke
racter, for a few postage stamps; while others profess to manufactured.
the real (h article at a considerably reduced price, if the public will¬
only purchase it. The name of these wretched counterfeiters is
"Legion," and calls for more than usual care on the part of pur¬
chasers as to where they make theirselection of articles for the toilet."
Morning Paper.
SPECIAL NOTICE.—JOSEPH BRIE, French
Shirtmaker, Outfitter, &c., formerly of Conduit-street, now carries
on business at 124, New Bond-street, W.
