OUTNEER.—Mr. BUTNEER will much oblige the
gentleman with whom he came home in June last by SENDING
his ADDRESS to care of Messrs. Smith, Elder, and Co., 65, Cornhill,
London, E.C.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD. — Mysteriously
DISAPPEARED, on the afternoon of the 20th inst., a YOUNG
LADY, 23 years of age, rather less than five feet in height, of sallow
complexion, gray eyes, brown hair, and bears evident marks of recent
illness. She wore a black silk dress and light gray mantle, a straw
bonnet trimmed withr white, and had with her a black shawl, a black
travelling trunk, and a bounet basket. Information to be forwarded
to Mr. C. F. Field, late Chief Inspector of the Metropolitan Detective
Police, 20, Deveroux-court, Temple.—Private Inquiry-office, July

LOST, a large BLACK NEWFOUNDLAND DOG,
on Tuesday, 28th inst., near Haverstock-hill
White on
chest and one of fore paws. Whoever brings him to 27, Belsize-park,
Hampstead, N.W., shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Thursday morning, in St. James's-park, a
LADY'S GOLD WATCH, with locket attached. Both initialled
E. G. L. Whoever will bring the same to 14, Waterloo-place, Pall¬
mall, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, a GOLD GENEVA WATCH and CHAIN,
with large cross and trinkets, supposed to have been dropped in
street at the west end between the 10th and 18th inst. FIVE
POUNDS REWARD will be given if brought to 22 B, Brook-street,
Grosvenor-square, W.
LOST (EIO REWARD), on Monday, June 29, be¬
tween Crewe and Hereford, a BRAB CARPET BAG, contain¬
ins black writing book, shaving case, sketch book, and other articles.
Whoever will return the same or its contents to the station, masten at
Crews, or Shrewsbury, shall receive the above reward.
BANK of ENGLAND NOTES LOST (£55), on the
23d inst. Whoever has found the same, and will bring them to
a Banchard, Scotch Stores, Beak-street, Regent-street, shall recelye.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.
TO CABMEN and others.—If the cabman who took
a lady from No. 10, Curzon-street to Wallace's Hotel will RE¬
TURN the CLOAK left in his cab on
thursnay night, 23d inst., at
about 11, he shall receire ONE POUND REWARD. Apply at
Stanesby's, post office, Sloane-street, 8.
FOUND, a LIVER-COLOURED RETRIEVER
DOG. Unless claimed by the 1st of August will be SOLD to pay
expenses.—Pombroke livery stables, Earl-street, Kensington.
MENRY THOMAS CROMPTON, Esq., deceased.
—The HEIR at LAW, Executors, Administrators, or Next of
Kin of this gentleman, late a Lieutenant in the 99th and 63d Regi¬
ments, and at the date of his death in Her Majesty's Civil Service in
the Mauritius, and who died in London on the 15th of July, 1863, ard
requested to COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Vallance and Vallance,,
solicitors, of No. 20. Essex-Street, Strand, London.
INAH BROUGH, deceased.—If WILLIAM
PARKINSON, BROUGH, a native of Laughterton, in the
county of Lincoln, in England, wholeft England nearly 20 years ago
for the United States of North America, will apply to the undersigned,
he will hear of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE; or in case of the
decease of the said William Parkinson Brough, persons claiming to be
entitled to his personal estate and effects are requested to forward the
particulars of such claims to the undersign
By order, JOHN THOS. TWEED, Solicitors.
Lincoln, July 29, 1863.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
gland to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of
£1,401 0s. 1d. Reduced £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in¬
the name of HENRY HIRD FORSTER, of Tynemouth, Northumber¬
land. Esq., and which dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for.
the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of its having re¬
mained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1853;—Notice is hereby given,
that on the expiration of three months from this date, the said dividend
will be paid to the said Henry Hird Forster, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make, out his
claim thereto.
THAMES CONSERVANCY.—Removal of Black¬
friars Pier.—Notice is hereby given, that BLACKFRIARS PIER¬
will be REMOVED, and that after the 8th August steamvessels will
discontinue calling there.
Accommodation will be afforded to passengers landing and embark¬
ing at St. Paul's Pier. By order, E. BURSTAL, Secretary.
Thames Conservancy offices, 41, Trinity-square, Tower-hill,
London, July 27, 1863
NOTICE.—The undersigned, being informed that
certain persons are INFRINGING his RIGHTS by the use of
the Patent Apparatus for Painless Tooth and Sturup Extraction, of
which he is the Proprietor, notice is hereby given, that all persons
using the said apparatus (without licence) will be proceeded against,
according to law, without further notice.—S. Solomons, Esq., Solicitor
to the firm, 72, Piccadilly.—EDWD. HARTRY, Surgeon-Dentist,
No. 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
ISLE of MAN DISAFFORESTING COMMIS¬
SION.—First Award.—Appeal Meeting.—The Commissioners
hereby give notice, that COPIES of their DRAFT AWARD have
been DEPOSITED at the Court-houses at Douglas, at Castletown,
and at Ramsey, and a copy of the map is deposited at the Court-house,
Douglas, for the inspection of all persons interested in the proceedings
under the "Isle of Man Disafforesting Act, 1860."
The Commissioners further give notice, that they will hold a meet¬
ing, at 11 o'clock, on Saturday, the 15th of August next, at the Courb¬
house at Douglas, for the purpose of hearing objections to any allot¬
ment, direction, determination, or matter in the said award.
Office of the Commission, 3, Garden-court, Temple, E.C.
TRANSPORTATION.—A MEETING of Aus¬
tralian and New Zealand colonists will be held at Willis's Rooms
at 4 o'clock p.m. THIS DAY, the 31st inst., to consider that portion of
the Report of the Royal Commissioners on Secondary Punishments
which relates to transportation to Western Australia.
L. MACKINNON, Hon. Sec. Australian Association. 2.
POLAND, the Cause of its Decline and Fall; the
real Character of the Insurrection; Dangers of the present
Crisis.—A LECTURE on the above subject will be delivered (D.V.)
by the Rev. Dr. BLAKENEY, incumbent of Christ Church, Claugh¬
ton, Birkenhead, on Tuesday next, the 4th August, in the Hanover¬
square Rooms, Hanover-square,
The chair will be taken at 8 o'clock by C. N. NEWDEGATE, Esq.,
M.P.

BRITISH ASSOCIATION for the ADVANCE¬
MENT of SCIENCE.—The next MEETING will be held at
Newcastle-upon-Tyne, commencing on Wednesday, August 26, 1863,
under the Presidency of Sir W. G. Armstrong, F.R.
Notices of communications intended to be read to the Association,
accompanied by a statement whether or not the author will be present
at the meeting, may be addressed to G. Griffith, M.A., Assistant-Gene¬
ral Secretary, Newcastle-upon-Tyne; or to Captain Noble, Augustus
H. Hunt, Esq., R. C. Clapham, Esq., Local Secretaries, 5, Grey¬
street, Newcastle-upon-Tyne.
WILLIAM SPOTTISWOODE, M.A., F.R.S., General Treasurer,
o. 19, Chester-street, Belgrave-square. London, S.W.
SAILORS' HOME, Well-Street, London Docks, E.—
The FOUNDATION STONE of the NEW BUILDING will be
laid by Lord PALMERSTON on Tuesday next, the 4th August, at
1 p.m. Cards of admission may be obtained of the Secretary, at the
Institution.
unds in aid of the building ane urgently needed, and contributions
will be thankfully received.
WV. H. WEBB, Sec.
THE BRITISH ORPHAN ASYLUM, Mackenzie¬
park, Slough, Bucks (formerly at Clapham-rise): instituted 1827.
Patron—Her Most Gracious Majesty the QUEEN.
For the Gratuitous Maintenance, Clothing, and Education of Orphan
Children from all parts of the British Empire, whose parents have
been reduced from prosperity to necessitous circumstances.
Lists of subscribers and forms for nominating candidates, with any
further information, may be obtained on application to the Secretary,
either personally or by letter, at the offices, 12, Walbrook, London,
where only communications should be addressed.
Annual subscriptions and donations most thankfully received.
Annual subscription, for one vote, 10s. 6d. ; for two votes, £1 1s.
Life subscription, for one vote, £5 5s.; for two votes, £10 10s.
ALFRED MACKENZIE, Secretary.
Offices, 12, Walbrook, London, E.C.
MANY persons knowing a case of extreme necessity
gladly respond to a call for assistance; such kind human nature
are appealed to at the present time. The CHURCH of the HOLY
CROSS, at Binsted, Hants, for many years has been in a most ruinous¬
condition. By great exertions the repair has commenced. The inhabi¬
tants, principally tenant farmers, have mortgaged their church rates for
the next 20 years, and funds are still most urgently needed to com¬
plete the restoration. The kind, the liberal, and the good are earnestly
solicited to give a donation in
behalf, addressed the Rev. W.
Standen, Binsted, near Alton, Hants.

ENGLISH CHAPEL, Boujah.—The English con¬
gregation in the village of Bonjah, near Smyrna, has, for the
last 25 years, met for Divine worship in a building which (originally a
dwelling-house) was, in 1868, fitted un as a temporary chapel, and con¬
secrated in 1843 by the late Bishop of Gibraltar. Attached to this is a
burial ground, which has been and still is used as a cemetery by the
whole British community of Smyrna. The building itself is now in a
sad state of dilapidation, being scarcely fit for use. It is proposed to
erect a new but plain chapel upon the site of the old one. To this end
benevolent DONATIONS are earnestly and respectfully solicited.
About £1,000 will be required. Of this sum nearly £390 have been
raised by the congregation of Bonjah. Contributions will be received
in London by Messrs. Hanson, Brothers; and Messrs. Masterman
and Co.
WR GEENT APPEA
 as.
tae n
but inde¬
pendent property, has suddenly be
deprived of the who e e e
it
and is thus re.
ced to poverty through no fault whatever of
Nae  own
The case is unhappily one entirely without redress, and her state of
health is such as to rend e e

o n n nh in
by which she
might obtain
ivelihood. She is so great a sufferer from rheumatic

lmost helples.
aen nd is also deprived of he


stressing circumstances she
under
the painful accessity of making an APPEAL to the charitable and be¬
nevolent, from whom any assistance will be most gratefully received,
and which may be sent to the Rev. T. Grantham, Bramber Rectory,
near Steyning, Sussex,
ta  s acquainted
te a
and who has
kindly consented.
eceive anything which m.
be contributed, and to
answer any inquiries.
RGENT APPEAL to the
SENEVOLENT.—
te
dud d d det tae,
ae edical man has left totall.
esetit
 his
Widow, age 67, ann

mentally educated but physically
Poe e,e aend utterly incapable of la


The unfor

bjects of this distressing case we
hnowno
aed espeected at
Sre.
Malvern, Ombersley.
orcester, Chertsey, and London.
Whet
widow and her daughter, acustor.
o ed o  tuition, hope, wi
ASSIST¬
ANCE to earn a competence

nool for youth, For an¬
thenticity ere
rence is kindly permittedto—Sir C. on.
ings, M.D., Wor¬
cester and Malvern: J. C. Thoroughgood,
q., M.D., 10, Finge .
ry
circus, London; J. Robinson, Esq., M
SoS
32, Devonshir.
treet.
Portland-pis.
G. J. Eady, Esq.,
HR.C.S., Chertsey.
surey the
Rev. J.
ashdall, M.S
late vicar of Great Malvern, Worcestershire,
an
now of 39.

ae imlico. Information?

ained of Mr. John Will
ns, 30, Northumberland-street, St. Maryle¬
bone-road, be y
om subscrin
bes will be received, and acknowledged
by advertisement.
TO CHRISTIANS.—TEN THOUSAND SHIL¬
LINGS WANTED for the purpose of building a Gospel Mission
Hall and Free Reading Room for Working Men in Spitalfields. Shil¬
lings thankfully received by Mr. W. Britton, 6, Adelaide-terrace, Isling¬
ton, N.; Mr. R. D. Dickinson, 93, Farringdon-street, E.C.; or by Mr.
W. J. Lewis, Hon. Supcrintendent, 5, Oid Norfolk-street, New-road
Mile-end, E. Post-office orders at the Whitechapel office. Numbe
received towards the 10,000 to this date 534?.
ON APEAL
o the KIND and ABLE to HELP.—
clergyman.

tan t aking, laborions, an


pastor over a poor people, finds
mself encumbered with a debt of
£205, the balance beyond £500 paid by him, with great difficulty, for
effecting a good and neede
work
his parish. His own income is
limited. ASSISTANCE would be most comforting, and would be most
gratefully acknowledged. Closer explanation and ref
ence

will be given where requd r e ere.
J. J., Mr. Fleet's, 10, e.
ps¬
gate-street without, opposite the church. London, E.C.
TO the PROSPEROUS and BENEVOLENT.—A
lady, in deep distress, daughter of a late General Officer, has been
deprived by inevitable circumstances, and through
t f e lt o own,

ta le of e eae
of support, and this distres
aggra
vated by a state of health that entirely incapacitates her from am
ex¬
tin on her own part,

tehe entreats the 
SIST.
ANCEof
the genarous and hummne to enable her to support life.
no y

small, will be thankfully received
Messrs.
Herries and Farquhar, bankers, St. James's-street, Lo
on, who (if
required) are furnished with a private reference to confirm the above

GHRIST BLESSING LITTLE CHILDREN,
Engraved in line by J. H. Watt. After the picture by Sir Charles
Eastlake, P.R.A. As a work of high art, in point of subject and
in style of execution, this is one of the noblest pictures ever
painted; while from the power as well as refinement thrown
into the engraving, it forms an unparalleled object of decoration,
alike from its effective yet harmonious appearance and the sublimity
of the undying lessons it is ever present to instil. Although the en¬
graved plate cost the publishers £5,000, it was destroyed before a single
imperfect impression was printed, in order to ensure an unique workd
of art, of a constantly increasing value, to every possessor of any state
of proof or print. The engraving is in pure line, of a commanding
size, 22½ by 29; on paper 44 by 33.
Prices for Remaining Prices fixed by Sir

G. Moon. Bart.
Artist's p e  a 
 £5 5
£15 15
Proofs before letters (India).
Inscription proofs (India)
Open-letter prools, plain
Prints, plain
Ditto framed and glazed.
London, Day and Son, lithographers to the Queen, 6, Gate-street, W.C.
