TO ISABELLA.—I am in London, and wish to see

TO J. S.—Have returned to England. CALL at

H. E. L.—Shall be most happy to meet you at this
address, on June 28, at any hour named.—H. N., 211, Walnut¬
tree-walk, Kennington-road.
JOHN PERCIVAL DOUGHTY, a native of
Hobartstowo, Tasmanis, will hear of his brother William, now
in London, on APPLYING to Mr. Pollaky, private inquiry office,
No. 13, Paddington-green, W.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—THOMAS JOHN
FRANCIS (Lunatic).—The subscriber offers the above reward
to any party who may furnish him with INFORMATION that may
lead to the discovery of the RELATIONS of this person, or the parish
or union in which he was born.
GEO. MOTION, Inspector of Poor.
Canongate Parish-chambers, 103, Canongate.
Edinburgh, 24th June. 1870.
Description.
Supposed to be a native of Carmarthen, Wales, age about 36, middle
size, fair, corly hair, good looking. Came from Callao, South America,
to Leith, in April last, as a seaman. When young was engaged in a
circus (supposed to be Astiby's). Mother supposed to be resident at
Bryn, near Carmarthen. Brothers, William Henry and John George;
the latter a railway station agent about Swansea. Brother-in-law, Will
liam Morris, a druggist or merchant about Carmarthen, or Oid Mile¬
end-road, or Broad-street, London.
NONYMOUS DONATION.—The Rev. J.
MACONECHY ACKNOWLEDGES, with many thanks, the
RECEIPT of FIVE POUND NOTE, A-80 05182, towards the Restora¬
tion of Christ Church, Watney-street.
SHIPWRECKED MARINERS' SOCIETY.—The
Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of £50
anonymously, through Captain G. B. Bunbury, R.N., Hon. Agent at
Weston-super-Mare.—Hibernia-chambers, London-bridge, S.E., June
25, 1870.
LOST, at the Queen's Party, on June 24th, from the
lower cloak room at Windsor Castle, a LADYS DARK TWEED
WATERPROOF CLOAK. It is requested that the same may be
returned to 39, Rutland-gate.
GOLD WATCH LOST (TEN POUNDS REWARD)
on the evening of Thursday last between the Crystal Palace and
Camberwell Stations. Maker's name James Stoddart. No. 48477. Ad¬
dress T. S., Messrs. Weaklin and Flint's, stationers, 91, Farringdon¬
street, E.C.
DOG LOST, on Thursday evening, the 23 June,
between 8 and 8.30—a Siate-coloured Skye Terrier. Answers to
the name of Bowser. Whoever returns the same to Mr. Wilson,
Ruskie-house, Upper Richmond-road, Putney, shall be handsomely
REWARDED.
MAPANESE DOG (black and white, bushy tail, pug
nose, and promineut eyes) LOST, on the 11th June. Whoever
will take the above to No. 5. Belsize-avenue, N.W., shall receive the
REWARD of ONE POUND.
TO OWNERS of DOGS.—A great number of dogs
are now being seived, and sent to the TEMPORARY HOME for
LOST and STARVING DOGS, Hollingworth-Street, Holloway. Per¬
sons losing their dogs should inquire immediately at the above Insti¬
tution, between the hours of 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. Sundays excepted).
PURSE FOUND, on Monday, the 20th June.
Owner can have same on giving description.—Elphinstone's,
No. 227, Regent-street.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock. Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £108 1s., Consolidated £3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of Captain
EDWARD FFOLLIOTT WINGFIELD, of 2d Life Guards, and
EDWARD RHYS WINGFIELD, a minor, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1855;—
Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three mouths from
this date, the said Stock will be Transferred and the Dividends thereon
paid to Edward Rhys Winglield (now of age), the survivor, who has
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and
make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock. Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £250 Consolidated £3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the iname of Captain JOIIN
SCOTT, of the Royal Navy, and which was transferred to the said
Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having re¬
mained unclaimed since the 5th Jaly, 1829 ;— Notice is hereby given,
that on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Rev. Francis
Caleb Scott and Rev. Thomas Scard Scott, executors of Captam
John Scott, deceased, who have claimed the same, unless some other
clamant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
WENKHEIM, late of 82, Regent-street, W.,
hereby gives notice that he is in no way connected with the
firm of E. Wenkheim and Co., 83, Regent-street, W.
TO Messrs. W. D. and H. O. WILLS and SONS,
tobacco manufacturers.—I hereby express my regret that I
should have been guilty of selling tobacco packed in papers bearing
your name and trade mark, knowing that such tobacco was not of your
manufacture, and I promise that I will not so offend again.
EDWARD MILLER, Harrow-road, Paddington, W.
Witness—W. G. Brighten, 4, Bishopegate-street without, Sohcitor.
PPLICATION for a LICENCE of the BOARD
of TRADE.—Notice is hereby given, that, in pursuance of the
23d section of the Companies Act, 1867, application has been made to
the Board of Trade for a licence directing an ASSOCIATION about
to be formed, under the name of the INCORPORATED COUNCIL
of LAW REPORTING for ENGEAND and WALES, to be registered
with Limited Liability without the addition of the word "Limited" to
its name.
The objects for which the Association is propored to be established
are—
The preparation and publication, in a convenient form, at a mo¬
derate price, and under gratuitous professional control, of Reports of
Judicial Decisions of the Superior and Appellate Courts in England.
2. The issue, periodically or occasionally, of any subsidiary or other
publications relating to legal subjects which it may be considered ex¬
pedient to combme with the publication of such Reports, including
the Statutes of the Realm, or any part thereof, if deemed expedient.
 3. The continuation (in furtherance of the above objects) of the
series of Reports called "The Law Reports" (now in course of pub¬
lication by the present Council of Lew Reporting), under their present
or any other uame, and either in their present form and according
to the present system, or subject to any alterations of form or system
that may be considered conducive to the promotion of the above ob¬
jects, and the issue periodically or occasionally of any legal digests or
other publications connected with the Law Reports, or subsidiary
thereto, or which may be considered likely to increase the utility
thereof and the acquiring by purchase or otherwise, on such terms
and conditions as shall be considered expedient, the copyright of any
(rival or) other publication of Law Reports which may now, or shall
hereafter, exist or be in course of publication; and the making any
agreement or arrangement for the purpose of procuring the discon¬
tinuance of such Reports, or the publishing thereof, or the discon¬
tinuance of preparing Reports for any such publication by any other
persons. The taking over and assmmning all the assets and liabilities of

4. The doing all such other lawful things as are incidental or con¬
ducive to the attainment of the above objects.
Notice is hereby further given, that any person, Company, or Corpo¬
tion objecting to this application may bring such objection before the
Board of Trade on or before the 12th day of July next, by a letter ad¬
dressed to the Assistant Secretare Railway Department, Board of
Trade, Whitehall, London, S.W. — Dated this 23d day of June, 1870.
COOKSON, WAINEWRIGHT, and Co., 6, New-square,
Lincoln's-inn, Agents.
PARISH of ALLHALLOWS STAINING, MARK¬
LANE, in the city of London.—Union of Benefices Act 23d and
24th Vic., cap. 142. —Lady Slaney's Trust Estate Act, 1869.—Notice in
hereby given, that in accordance with the provisions of the Act of
Parliament 23 and 24 Victoria, cap. 142, the remains of all persons
interred in the small or Rector's vault, situnte at the south-east end of
and under the Church of Allhallows Staining, Mark-lane, in the city of
London, and the tablets or monuments erected to the memory of any
person in the said Church, will be shortly removed. The heiss, execu¬
tors, administrators, relatives, or friends of any such persons interred
have the option of REMOVING the REMAINS of such persons, under
proper direction, to any consecrated churchyard or burialground, and
also of removing such tablets or monuments to any place they may
think proper. The expenses of such removal, not exceeding £10, are
under the said Act of Parliament, to be paid by the Ecclesiastical
Commissioners out of a fund to be provided by them.
In the event of no notice being received by the undersigned Church¬
wardens, on or before the 10th day of July, 1870, from the heirs,
executors, administrators, relatives, or friends of such deceased parties
of their wish to the contrary, the remains of such persons will be care¬
fully removed from the said vault into another vault to be constructed
under another part of the said Church, or in the churchyard, undor
proper superintendence. The tablets and monuments will be also care¬
fully removed to the Church of St. Olave, Hart-street, in the said city

The Churchwardens have not been able to ascertain the names of
any persons who were buried in the said Reetor's vanlt, but it is be¬
lieved that no interments have been made in that vault for upwards of
50 years.
The names of the persons to whose memory monuments or tableis
now exist in the Church (so far as the inscriptions thereon can be de¬
ciphered, and whose relations have not already communicated with
the Churchwardens), and the years in which such persons died, are

All communications are requested to be made to the Vestry Clerk, at
his office, No. 16, London-street, Fenchurch-Street, London, E.C.
se¬
GEORGE BAKER,
HENRY HUGHES, Churchwardens.
JNO. WATNEY, Jun., Vestry Clerk.
Name.
Bewley, Mary

Bewley, Thomas


Newman, Abram 0
Davison, Jacob0 0
Newman, Mary0
Parmher Ann0
Thoyts, Mary Susannah 00
Thoyts,—
Cagwall. Anne0 0
20.
Smyth, Alexander 0
Smyth, Mary Ann 00

Fogg, Daniel, D.D.
Fogg, Mary (and their four children a n o n,
Fogg, Elizabeth0 
Charlton, Emma 
Farewell, Eliza

Potter, Thomas00
Ingram, Hugh0 0 

Ingram, Robert0

Tancred, Jordan 0
1702.
Holland, William 0
1877.

Holland, Elizabeth0
1690
Tancred, Susannah0
1704.
Frithe, William0
1648
Frithe, Alice0 0 
1649
—
Frithe, George0 0 
Frithe, Edward

Miller, Elizabeth (and her two children)
IN the MATTER of NICOLL v. MAURY, heard
May 26, 1870, before his Honour Vice-Chancellor James, a per¬
petual INJUNCTION was granted against the defendant, restraining
him from making or selling or causing to be made or sold, certain
garments, patented by the plaintiff, and commonly known under the
trade mark of RUG PALETOTS, and from making or selling any
colourable imitation thereof, or from using the trade mark so claimed
by the plaintilf.
"London, June 16th, 1870.
"Gentlemen.—I deeply regret having caused you the trouble to de.
fend your patent rights and tofinstitute legal proceedings against me¬
In compliance with the injunction which you have recently obtained,
my solicitors, Messrs. Plews and Irvine, of 33, Mark-lane, are instructed
to pay your costs. 1 have also directed an account to be prepared of
all consignments I have made to the colonies up to the date of the
injunction. These will, as speedily as possible, be furnished to you, as
well as a statement of all rug paletots that have been made by me in
contravention of your patent. Whatever dispute may arise in future
dealings, I suggest should be determined by some London or colonial
merchant to whom we may mutually agree to refer the question
"I hope that you will do me the justice to believe that previous to the
commencement of litigation between us, I sincerely thought that your
patent was restricted to the exact configuration described in your speci¬
fication and drawing attached to the patent. I, therefore, did not
imagine that thedivergence by me from the design was (as your counsel
claimed it to be) an infringement of the original principle. Such, I
now understand, consists in the formation of material into a garment,
and in the manner set forth, with an adaptation for its use, so that
the same garment may alternately be worn as a railway rug and as a
cloak. As other shippers may, like me, have erred in the knowledge
of what your claim really consists, and out of the consideration which
you have shown towards mo on the question of damages, I have no
objection to your publishing this letter.
"I remain, yours, &c.,
S. MAURY.
"To Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co., Wholesale Clothiers and Rug
Paletot Patentees, 6, Fell-Street, Wood-street, London."
THE CONTAGIOUS DISEASES ACTS and
STANDING ARMIES.—A PUBLIC MEETING to promote
the repeal of the above Acts, will be held in the Beaumont Institution,
Mile-end, on Wednesday evening next, the 29th inst. Sir GEO. GREY,

Edmond Beales, Esq., M.A., J. Baxter Langisy, Esq., LL.D., C. R.

POLLAKYS PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Inquiries in Llection, Divorce, Libel Cases, &c., by Mr. Pollaky,
No. 13, Paddington-green. (Agents abroad.)
NOTICE.—FISHERS GLADSTONE BAG.—The

gold garter, with his name and address in the centre. This bag is fitted
as a dressing bag, and also is made in various sizes, quite empty, to
supersede a small portmanteau. Cataloguss post free. —188. Strand.
