Y. to LILLIE.—Have you quite forgotten these
happy daos 7. I long to see you again. At least WRITE.
IF. S., who left home early on the morning of the 7th
inst., will WRITE immediately to brother, he will go and arrange
A. F. O.—Paris. —LETTERS RECEIVED. Con¬
tents of 3 and 5 correspond with information on this side.
mediately you write to R.— telegraph to Brussels.—ARTHUR
CLEVELAND MONTAGU and Co.
NATIONAL HOSPITAL, 85, Newman-street, W.
—The Committee thaakfully ACKNGWLEDGE DONATIONS of
ONE POUND, from General Wylde, R. A.; T.D. Hall, Esq.; J.
Berners, Esq.; and T. Duncombe Shafte, Esq., in ald of the exhausted
funds of this Charity.—24th of May, 1872.
THE UNIVERSAL BENEFICENT SOCIETY,
15, Soho-squs.
estaso
thanks, the RECEIPT of a CHEQUE for TEN GUINEAS from Miss
Duncan, as a donatien, and £
s. as an annual subscription from Mrs.
Silver.—G. STORMONT MURPHY, Hon. Sec.
LOST, on Sunday last, between St. Peter's Church,
Eaton-square, and Wilton-street, DARK PLAIN LEATHER
PURSE, with gilt clasp. Apply at the Grosvenor library, Chapel-Street,
Belgrave-square.
LOST, on the 9th instant, supposed in the neighbour¬
hood of Forest-hill, a PURSE, containing a few keys and annual
railway ticket, Greenwich and London, signed J. F. Underwood. Who
hyer will return it to 16, Park-row, East Greenwich, shall RECEIVE
TEN SHILLINGS for their treubls.
LOST, in the neighbourhood of Park-lane and Picca¬
dilly, on Friday, May 10, a SMALL BLACK and WHITE DOG.
a Japanese Pug, resembling a half-bred King Charles dog, from 10 to 12.
inches high, rather long in the legs, hair long, not curly, short nose,
rather small in body, out of health. Answers to the name of Jap.
Any person taking the above to Photo, 12, Milbourne-grove, Gilrton-¬
road, Brompton, shall be well REWARDED, as also any person giving
or sending such information as shall lead to the recovery of the dog.
BLACK and TAN TOY TERRIER LOST, on
the 23rd inst., in the neighbourhood of Eaton-place. A handsome

place.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on May 22,
either in a Hansom or between the Prince of Wales' Theatre and
Torrington-square, a GOLD GENEVA WATCH and CHAIN, with
white enamel back and flowers. Apply at 65, Torrington-square,
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT, in a Hansom
CAB, which conveyed a lady and gentleman, on Wednesday even¬
ing last, from Park-lane to West Cromwell-road, Kensington, a SMALL
BLACK BAG, containing letters, papers, and a purse. The above re¬
ward will be paid for its recovery, at No. 8, West Cromwell-road, Ken¬
sington. The papers are of no value to anybody but the owner.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. — Whereas
a REGISTERED LETTER, containing diamonds, was STOLEN
from the Mail Bag at the Post-office in Holland, on Monday, the 20th
May. 1872, and it is believed that the diamonds will be offered for sale
in England:—The above reward will be given to any one giving such
INFORMATION as will lead to the recovery of the property and con¬

All persons to whom the diamonds may be offered for sale are
cautioned against purchasing, and are requested to detain the property
and communicate with the undersigned.
The particulars of the lost stones are as follows:—
13 Brillants, 199, carats
Small Brillants, 33s carats
23 Brilliants, 23 carate
6 Brillants 114, carats
18 Brillants, 13, carats
21 Brillants, 14 carats.
34 Brillants, 17 carats
E. I. SYDNEY and SON, solicitors, 46, Finsbury-circus,
London, E.C.
ILL MISSING of Mrs. CHARLOTTE
HARDINGE, of 23, Park-lane, and of York-terrace, Regent's¬
park.—Any SOLICITOR who prepared a will or codicil for this lady
(who died on the 9th May, 1872), or any one aware of a will or codiod
having been made, or where it is deposited, is requested to COM¬
MUNICATE with Messrs. Remnant and Penley, 52, Lincoln's-inn¬

FOUND, near Chalk Farm, a WHITE and BROWN
SPANIEL BITCH. On proof of ownership will be given up by
payment of expenses. Apply at 272, Liverpool-road, N.
FOUND, on Tuesday last, near Chesham-place, a
WHITE DOG. Has been sent to the Dogs' Home, and can be
had by giving description at Stanesby's library, 179, Sloane-street, and
paying expenses.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—Whereas, on the
night of the 29th ult., some evil-disposed person or persons did
wilfully and maliciously DAMAGE, by cutting with a diamond, or other
instrument, THREE SHEETS of PLATE-GLASS on the premises
Nos. 46 and 47, Lombard-street, E.C., in the occupation of Alfred
M. Kino, tailor and habitmaker; Whoever will give such INFORMA¬
TION as will lead to the apprehension and conviction of the person or
persons shall receive the above reward from the said Alfred M. Kino.
Information to be given to A. M. Kino, 40, Cornhill; W. R. Buchanan,
Esq., solicitor, No. 10, Basinghall-street; or to Inspector Bailey, De¬
tective office, No. 26, Old Jewry.—May 3, 1842.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of £2,725 12s.
New £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names
of Lieutenant-Colone BASIL JACKSON, of Croydon, burrey,
MATTHIAS CHRISTOPHER HENDLEY. of Mount Rivers, Formby,
Ireland, Esquire, and VESEY WESTON HOLT. of Pall-mall, West.
minster Esquire, and which Dividend was paid over to the Commis¬
sioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in consequence of its
having remamned unclaimed since the 10th October, 1861; Notice is
hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date.
the said Dividend will be paid to Vesey Weston Holt, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto.
NOTICE.—I Robert Bucknell, of Witheridge, in the
county of Devon, Yeoman, heretofore sometimes called or known
as Robert Cosway have ASSUMED and TAKEN and now bear and
intend heneeforth to use in all deeds and writings and upon all occa¬
sions and for all purposes the NAME of ROBERT BUCKNELL only.
Dated this 18th day of May, 1872.
(Signed) ROBERT BUCKNELL.
Witness, Robert J. Crosse, Solicitor, South Molton, North Devon.
TO GEO. JENKINS, Esq., Commander of the ship
Lady Jocelyn.—We, the undersigned passengers on board the Lay
ocelyn, from Melbourne, have to present to you our sincere and heart¬
felt THANKS for your kindness and unremitting attention to our com¬
fort and safety since leaving. We have felt so assurnd of your skill,
care, perseverance, and thorough knowledge of your profession that our
voyage home has been more like a pleasure trip than a perilous
journey, and we fervently hope that you will long continue to command
your gallant ship with pleasure to yourself and satisfaction to her
owners.
We trust that, while thus bidding you good-bye, this so happily¬
ended passage of the good ship Lady Jocelyn may be an emblem of
your own voyage through life.
We have also to thank Mr. Burch, chief officer, and Mr. Venn
second officer, and the other officers for their uniform kindness and
civility to all on board the good ship.
(Signed by all the Passengers.)
NOTICE.—In the action of multiplepoinding and
exoneration, brought in the Court of Session by John Lawson
Kennedy of Knocknalling in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright and resid¬
ing at Ardwick Hall Manchester pursuer and real raiser against the
Right Honourable George Young Lord Advocate for Scotland for and
on behalf of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury as representin
Her Majesty as ultima haares of the deceased Miss ANNE DUNCAN
of Balchrystie in the county of Fife: Alexander Nicholson, writer.
Cupar-Fife, sole surviving executor appointed bs the said deceased
Miss Anne Duncan and certain other persons defenders, presently
depending before Lord Mackenzie Ordinary (Mr. Robertson clerk)
and having reference to one hundred and eighty bonds or obligations
of the Lombardo Venetian and Central Italian Railway Company and
interast accrued thereon from the 5th day of November 1867 being the
date of the death of the said Miss Anne Duncan on whose behalf the
said John Lawson Kennedy held said bonds, Lord Mackenzie Ordinars
was pleased to pronounce the following INTERLOCUTOR:—"18th
May 1872 Lord Mackenzie Act Gloag Alt the Lord Ordinary finds
the raiser liable only in once and single payment: Holds the con¬
doscendence annexed to the summons as a condescendence of the fund
in medio appoints intimation of the dependence of this action and this
deliverance to be made in The Times and Scotsman newspapers once
weekly for theee successive weeks and appoint all parties claiming an
interest in the fund in medio to lodge their condescendences and
claims within the next four weeks.

Intimation is therefore hereby given to all parties claiming an in¬
terest in the fund in medio in the said action that they lodge their con¬
descendences and claims in the said process within four weeks from
the 18th day of May 1872.
RONALD A RITCHIE S.S.C. 20 Hill Street Edinburgh
Agents for Mr. Kennedy.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 621.—In the Mateer of
the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the application of JAMES WATNEY, the younger,
of No. 13, Hyde-park-gate south, in the parish of Kensington, in the
county of Middlesex. Esquire, M.P., the Registrar intends, at the ex¬
piration of three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER,
with an indefeasible TITLE, the HEREDITAMENTS in the parishes
of Beddington and Coulsdon, in the county of Surrey, consisting of a
piece of land in Beddington, called or known as Foxley-hatch-corner,
containing 14 perches, or thereabouts, in hand, adjoining Foxley-natch¬
gate, and three pieces of land, in Coulsdon, coataining 5a. 2r. 15p., or
thereabouts, in the tenure or occupation of James Bentley, lying on
the east side of the tummplke-road from Reigate to Croydon, at Smitham
Bottom, and situate near to the Red Lion Public-house, all of which
said hereditaments are delineated on the map No. 621, deposited
in the office of Land Registry as part of the description of the same
hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with the
mines and minerals under the same. If any person object to, or desire to
show cause against, such registration, or claim that the same should be
subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate
or incumbrance, charge or liability, not afready proved or admitted
before the Registrar, should be entered on the register, such person
may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34. Lincoln's¬
inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said theee months,
personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or etherwise, to
make such objection to, or to show cause against, or to make such claim
in respect of such registration. But any person desiring to make such
objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particu¬
lars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the said office
before the expiration of the said three months, otherwise he will be
excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map may be inspected
at the said office at any time before the expiration of the said three
months. — Dated this 25th day of May, 1872.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
JOHN GRRENWOOD, Solicitor to the Applicant.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 622.—In the Matter of
the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chan. 53.—Notice is hereby given,
that on the application of JAMES WATNEY, the elder, of Haling¬
park, Croydon, in the county of Surrey, Esquire, the Registrar intunds,
at the expiration of three calendar months from the date hereof, to
REGISTER, with an indefeasible TITLE, the HEREDITAMENTS in
the said parish of Croydon, in the said county of Surrey, containing
16a. 1r. 24p., or thereabouts, in the tenure or occupation of Hanry
Batchelor, situate near the Waddon Station of the London, Brighton,
and South Const Hailway (Epsom line), bounded on or towards the cas
by Coldharbour-lane, on or towards the north by the centre of a new road
leading into the same lane, called Cage-road, in part on or towaris the
west by an cccupation road, and on or towards the south by propert
of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England and Wales, and
intersected by a new public road, called the Stafford-road, and
which said hereditaments are delineated on the map No. 622, depesited
in the office of Land Registry as part of the description thereof, and
thereon edged with red, together with the mines and minerals
under the same. If any: person object to, or desire to show cause
agalnst, such registration, or claim that the same should be subject
to any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or
incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted
before the Registrar, should be entered on the register, such person
may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn¬
fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three months per¬
sonally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make
such objection to, or to show cause against, or to make such claim in
respect of such registration. But any person desiring to make such
objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the par¬
ticulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto. in the said
office before the expiration of the said three months, otherwise he will
be excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map may be in¬
spected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the said
three months. — Dated this 25th day of May, 1872.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chiof Clerk.
JOHN GREENWOOD, Solicitor to the Applicant.
NOTICE.—HOWARD and SONS beg to notify to
their patrons and the public that their EASY CHAIR and
SOFA SHOW ROOMS, as well as the General Cabinet Warehouse
CLOSE at TWO p.m. on SATURDAYS.—25, 26, and 27, Berners-st., W.
MATURDAY HALF-HOLYDAY.—Messrs. D. B.
JOHNSTONE and Co. respectfully announce to their friends
and the public that their Drapery and Furnishing ESTABLISHMENT
CLOSES on SATURDAYS at 2 O'CLOCK all the year round:—Great
Western-house, 264, 266, 268, and 270, Edgware-road, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 5,
Thwaites-place, 1 and 2, Gore's-place, and 26, 27, 28, 29, and 30, Chapel¬
street, close to the Edgware-road Station on the Metsopolitan Railway
and five minutes' walk from the Great Western Railway. N.B. Their
Establishment will also remain closed on the Four Bank Holydays——
Easter Monday, Whit-Monday, the first Monday in August, and the
day after Christmas-day.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of.
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby.
CAUTION.—A. S. LLOYD'S EUXESIS, for shaving
without soap or water.—R. HOVENDEN and SONS having pur
chased under an administration suit the business of the late A. S. Llord,
together with the receipt, trade mark, and goodwill of his celebrated
Euxesis, the public are cautioned that the original and genuine Euxesis
bears only the address of the original manufactory, 27, Glasshouse¬

CAUTION.—In consequence of WM. YOUNGER
and Co. having discovered that their labels have been largely
counterfeited, and having obtained possession of 14 label dies used for
such purpose, inform all purchasers of their ales for export, that for the
future each bottle will have affixed to it, in addition to the ordinary
label, a metailic capsule bearing their trade mark and name, Breweries,
Edinburgh. Established 1749. London stores, Belvedere-road.
