IF M. M. will RETURN to Harrogate he will be
heartily welcomed, and will relieve his family from great trouble
and anxiety.—G. M.
L.E. T., who left on Monday, 28th October. —Your
mother is seriously ill. Pray RETURN at once, and all will
be well.—H.
F.—The LETTER you left breaks my heart. One
word spoken would have changed all. Have mercy, and come
back to us. Nothing can ever alter the love which has entirely re¬
turned, and which implores you to forgive as you are forgiven.—H.
ITTLE ONE. — Received your last letter. To save
you, I promised I would not write to you, and now I cannot;
but, believe me, I am the same to you as ever, and long to see you
again. Do write to me when you see this, but address me to the place
where I now am. Your own, HARRY.
CHRISTIAN RIGHTS in the LEVANT.—The
undersigned, instructed by the Deputation of Remonstrance
from the 12 Islands, as to Turkish violation of the 1835 Conventions of
Samos, Rhodes, &c., will gladly receive further authentic copies of
DOCUMENTS and INFORMATION relative thereto.—ALEXR.
STARK, solicitor, Friar-Street, London, E.C.
ESAM.—The WIDOW or a CHILD of EVERARD
ESAM or of EDWIN ESAM, late of London, is requested to
COMMUNICATE with Mr. Nettleship, 37, John-st., Bedford-row, W. C.
IF this should MEET the EYE of Dr. ROBERT
RICHARD SMITH, Professor of Elocution, LL.D., he will, by
addressing a few lines to Frederick York Smith, Penang-villa, Kings¬
wear, Dartmouth, Devonshire, HEAR of SOMETHING to his AD¬
VANTAGE.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—MISSING, a
YOUNG MAN, not quite 17 years old, looks older, 5ft. 8 or 9
high, of very dark complexion, hair, and eyes, pale thin face, long
straight nose, having a slight seam on his forehead from a cut; dressed in
a dark blue jacket with pockets, dark mixed waistcoat, and trousers torn
in the leg, laced boots, unbleached cotton socks, and lavender striped
cotton shirt, low round crowned hat. Was seen to leave the London¬
bridge Station from the country, from the North Kent line, on Friday
afternoon, between 4 and 5 o'clock, having in his arms a very rough
ght brown dog, of the Scotch terrier breed, answers to the name of
"Fergus." Any one giving such information as will lead to his re¬
covery shall receive the above reward. Address A. B., 9, Eastcheap.
FERGUS and J. E. S. are very much MISSED, and
are earnestly requested to return home immediately, all will be
right.—A. S.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 26th, a
POCKET-BOOK, containing various photographs, letters, some
Prussian notes, and one £10 and one £5 note, a passport with the name
of Robert Goetz. Address to Robert Goetz, 35, Dickinson-street, Man¬
chester.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LEFT in a Hansom
CAB, going from Parliament-street to South-Western Railway
Station (Ann-street.
to meet 5.50 train, on September 30th, a small
BLACK LEATHER BAG, containing official papers. Whoever will
take the same to Mr. Ingram, news agent, 9, Parliament-street, S.W.,
shall receive the above reward.
ON the 9th of September, a CARPET BAG, con¬
taining articles of considerable value, was STOLEN at Berlin, It
had on one side coloured marks embroidered on a ground of black wool,
on the other, in a light blue field, the letters E. M.; and, besides
articles for the dressing-case and travelling necessaries, contained,
among others, 17 shares of the Franco-Austrian Government Railway
at 5001s., Nos. 24500, 24838, 18956, 9793, 112706, 112708, 276341, 297522.
276328, 277500, 118838, 92630, 90001, 92629, 118840, 118841, 172114; more¬
over, four bonds of the Debito Publico del Regno d'Italia (Italian
rent), among which two at 500f., No. 1, 406396 of the 5th of October,
1866, and No. 502993 of the 30th August, 1862, in a pasteboard-box,
together with other objects; two pieces of money with the portrait
stamp of the Pope (2f. and 20f.), and an English half-crown; and in a
green linen bag 150 Napoleons d'or. Those to whom these articies
may be offered are cautioned against purchasing them, and begged to
inform instantly Mr. Emil Brachvogel, rechtsanwalt (attorney), at

CAME ASTRAY, a small-sized ROUGH WHITE
DOG. The owner, by giving a description of the same, may have
him by applying at 48, Radnor-street, Chelsea.
LOUND, on Mitcham-common, October 10, a
MALTESE DOG. Address A. Z., 109, Gower-street, W.C.
BROWN HORSE, with black legs, white over the
hind fetlocks, standing 16 hands high. Sent to grass, Manor
Farm, Highgate, 1865. UNLESS CLAIMED within one week from
this date will be SOLD, at Barbican Repository, to defray expenses.—
Oct. 30th, 1867.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £35 0s. 4d. Consoli¬
dated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
MARGARET BAGGE, of Boulogne-sur-Mer, widow, and which
was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the
dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July,
1856 ; Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid to Margaret Bagge, widow, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto.
IN the GOODS of WM. THOS. EGAN, late of
Westport, in the county of Mayo, in Ireland, deceased.—
Whereas, a grant of letters of administration of the goods and chattels
of said Wm. Thos. Egan, deceased (who died intestate on the 12th day
of June, 1867, at Westport aforesaid, is intended to be applied for in
the Court of Probate in Ireland, by Maria Stewart, otherwise Egan,
wife of John Stewart, of Westport aforesaid, the only surviving sister
of said deceased; and whereas, said deceased was married in the year
1835 to one Anne Jennings, and lived with her for about four years in
Westport aforesaid, and there was issue of such marriage one child, a
daughter; and whereas, the said ANNE JENNINGS, etherwise
EGAN, left her said husband in or about the year 1839, taking with
her the said child, and she and her said child are supposed to have
resided in Dublin for a short period after her so leaving her husband,
and to have then emigrated to some part of Australia not known to
said Maria Stewart, since which time no information whatever has
been received respecting them or either of them; any INFORMA¬
TION as to the existence and residence of either or both of said per¬
sons should be forthwith forwarded to
GEORGE ARBUCKLE, Solicitor for the said Maria Stewart,
No. 30, Bachelor's-walk, Dubl
MISSING FRIENDS, Next of Kin, Unclaimed
Money, &c.—INQUIRIES made in the United States of Ame¬
rica, Canada, Australia, and all parts of the globe. Legal business
attended to abroad. Advertisements inserted in foreign newspapers.
A select list of names of next of kin, heirs at law, &c. (never before
published), sent for seven stamps.—ROBERT GUN, American, colo¬
nial, and foreign agent, 6. Prince of Wales-road, Lon.
don, N.W.
THAMES CONSERVANCY.—Notice is hereby
given, that the Conservators of the River Thames intend to
APPOINT a SUPERINTENDENT of the NAVIGATION between
Cricklade and Staines.
The salary is to be £250 per annum, and travelling expenses will be
paid.
Information as to the duties that will have to be performed may be
obtained by application to this office.
Candidates for the appointment should send their applications, ac¬
companied by testimonials, to the Secretary, on or before Saturday, the
16th of November,
E. BURSTAL, Secretary.
Thames Conservancy office, 41, Trinity-square, Tower-hill.
London, 29th October, 1864.
LANDED ESTATES COURT, Ireland.—Final
otice to Claimants and Incumbrancers.—In the Matter of the
ESTATE of ELIZABETH PITTAR, widow, and several others,
owners and petitioners, continued in the name of Richard Waring
Pittar, executor of Elizabeth Pittar, deceased.—Take notice, that the
Schedule of Incumbrances affecting the parcel of ground situate in the
front of the College in the town of Belfast, containing in front 247 feet.
held under lease dated the 1st day of August, 1810, for three lives and
a term of 99 years from the 1st day of May, 1810 ; the parcel of ground
situate in Chichester-street, in said town of Belfast, containing in front
to said street 90 feet, held under lease dated 1st day of September, 1810,
for three lives and a term of 99 years from the 1st day of May 1810 ;
the tenement situate on the north side of the south parade in the
town of Belfast aforesaid, with the office and yard behind same, held
under lease dated the 31st day of October, 1814, for a term of 72 years
from the 1st day of May, 1814; the lot of ground in Hardwicke-street,
in the city of Dublin, on which the houses Nos. 34 and 35 stand, held
under lease dated the 20th day of February, 1808, for a term of 990 years;
and the yearly fee furm rent of £59 12s. of the former currency of Ire¬
land, together with 6d. per pound of like currency for every pound of
the said rent yearly for receiver's fees, issuing out of the lands of Cubra¬
money, Egary, Craigaboney, Cabragh or Cavanmore, Deffrick, Urbal¬
reagh, Carnfeogue, Livery Lower, Livery Upper, Ballydivity, all situate
in the barony of Dunlace and county of Antrim under fee farm grant,
dated the 27th day of March, 1736, formerly the estate of Richard
Waring, deceased, is lodged with the Clerk of the Records of this
Court, and any person having any CLAIM not therein inserted or
objecting thereto either on account of the amount or the priority of
any charge therein reported to him or to any other person, and espe¬
cially any person having any claim on foot of mortgage dated 31st May,
1811, from James McCleery to William Simons and James McAdam,
both of Belfast, county of Antrim, merchants, of premises in Chiches¬
ter-street, in the said town of Belfast and county of Antrim, on foot
of which nothing is admitted to be due, and also any claim on foot of
mortgage dated 29th September, 1811, from James McCleery of Bel¬
fast, in the county of Antrim, to William Simons and James McAdam,
both of Belfast, county of Antrim, merchants, of his estate and property
of what kind soever belonging to the firm of McAdam, Marshall, and
Company, but on foot of which nothing is admitted to be due, or
objecting for any other reason, is required to lodge an objection
thereto, stating the particuiars of his demand and duly verified, with
the said Clerk, on or before the 4th day of December next, and to appear
on the following Wednesday, the 11th December next, at 11 o'clock in
the forenoon, before the Honorable Judge Lynch, at his Court in Dub¬
lin, when instructions will be given for the final settlement of the Sche¬
dule. And further take notice, that any demand reported by such
Schedule is liable to be objected to within the time aforesaid.—Dated
this 22d day of October, 1867. JAMES McDONNELL, Examiner.
JOHN SMYTH, Solicitor, having the carriage of proceed¬
ings, No. 2, Clare-street, Dublin.
RUENOS AYRES GOVERNMENT CERTIFI¬
CATE.—Transiation.—We, the undersigned, at the
uest of
Messrs. Jas. C. Thompson and Co., certify that the IRON SAFES of
Messrs. CHUBB and SON, London, of which these gentlemen are
agents, were exposed for several hours to the fire that took place in
the offices of the National Government on the evening of the 26th
instant; that in our presence they were easily opened with their re¬
spective keys; that the moneys and important documents they con¬
tained were found in perfect order; and that these safes are now in
use in the National Treasury Office.
(Signed) J. M. DRAGO (Treasurer of the National
Rovernment).
JOSE TOMAS ROJO.
JUAN M. ALVAREZ.
Atrue Copy—A. M. Bell.
Buenos Ayres, July 31, 1867.
CAUTION.—The LORD STANLEY is a made-up
SCARF for gentlemen, manufactured and sold, wholesale only
by LLOYD and ATTREE, of 32 and 33, Wood-street,
ondon, and
each scarf bears their Trade Mark, an Octagon, with "Nogatco" in
centre. The public is cautioned against infringement, as the full
penalties will in all cases be enforced.
TRADE MARK.—The public is CAUTIONED
against imitations of our Octagon Trade Mark, with "Nogatco"
in centre, which is our exclusive property in the manufacture and sale
of scarfs, ties, shirts, and collars The full penalties of "The Mer¬
chandise Marks Act, 1862" will be enforced in case of piracy.
LLOYD and ATTREE, 32 and 33, Wood-street, London
CAUTION.—The LORD STANLEY COLLAR
for gentlemen, manufactured and sold, wholesale only, by
LLOYD and ATTREE, of 32 and 33, Wood-Street, London, and
each collar bears their Trade Mark, an Octagon, with "Nogatce" in
centre. The public is cautioned against infringement, as the full penal¬
ties will in all cases be enforced.
CAUTION.—NICHOLAY and SON, the Court
furriers, 82, Oxford-street, of nearly a century standing, announce
they have NO BRANCH or other ESTABLISHMENT, as advertise¬
ments are appearing unscrupulously assuming their well-known style,
designation, and trade mark of Court furriers, as authorized by Her
Majesty's Roval warrant granted to them.
CAUTION.—FOREIGN VINEYARD ASSOCIA¬
TION (Limited), Joint-Stock Wine Company, established 1854.—
The Directors, having learnt that letters intended for the Association
have miscarried, hereby give notice that this Company has no con¬
nexion with any other establishment, and particularly request that all
orders and remittances be addressed to W. H. Palmer, Esq., Manager,
at their new offices, 200, Regent-street, W.
CAUTION.—Self-fitting Candles.—We, the under¬
signed, do hereby give notice, that we have, by letters patent,
secured to ourselves the exclusive right of making candies with taper¬
ing ends, commonly called SELF-FITTINS CANDLES, now to be
obtained of every chymist, grocer, or chandler, in all sizes, and of
various qualities. The public are cautioned against imitations, and
persons infringing such patents, or being parties privy thereto, are
hereby informed that they render themselves liable to proceedings.
J. C. and J. FIELD, Upper-marsh, Lambeth, London.
CAUTION.—The NEW PATENT CRYSTAL
SHOW TABLETS are protected by Royal Letters Patent, bearing
date 1863. As owners of the patent, and sole manufacturers, we hereby
give notice that we shall adopt legal measures against any persons
making, vending, or using "Patent Crystal Show Tablets" in contra¬
vention of our exclusive rights.
J. M. JOHNSON and SONS, Patentees.
Castle-street, Holborn, and Hatton-garden, Oct. 25, 1867.
GENERAL CLERKS' SUPPLY ASSOCIATION.
—Clerks of good position willing to aid in forming an Associa¬
tion for Furnishing Clerks of all grades with Household Supplies on
wholesale terms are requested to communicate, by letter, with C.,
care of Messrs. Good, stationers, Moorgate-street.
NOTICE—PELLATT and Co., glass manufacturer
to the Queen, have REMOVED their BUSINESS and DEPOT
for MINTON's CHINA from the Baker-street Bazaar to new premises
opposite, at 25, Baker-street.
NOTICE.—Holborn Valley Improvements.—Messrs.
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA, Opticians and Meteorological In¬
strument Makers, beg to state that they have REMOVED from No.1, to
temporary premises) No. 103, Hatton-garden, E.C.
