IN case it is from you. I hope to be at old place about
three, Wednesday. If I do not see you, will come, if possible,
Thursday, as this may not reach you. Was very sorry for that. Don't
let it worry you. 14th elsewhere may not have been seen. If inap¬

WILL the GENTLEMAN who was at Wimborne,
Dorsetshire, about last June, inquiring for the family of the


BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclamed Dividend.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of
£4.155 16s. 11d., Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, beretofore
standing in the names of FREDERICK STOCKEN of 5a, Halkin¬
street, Belgrave-square, Gentleman, ROBERT BAXTER, of Vic¬
toria-street, Westminster, Gentleman, and which dividend was paid
over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt,
in consequence of having remained unclaimed since the 5th July,
1868; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months
from this date 118th of September, 18781, the said Dividend will be

same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Apphca¬
tion having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of

Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of ARTHUR

RINGTON PIERS, of the Dockyard, Woolwich; STEPHEN WIL¬
LIAM SILVER, of 3, Bishopsgate-street; and HUGH ADAMS

ferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the Dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th of July, 1868;—




claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and
make ut his claim thereto.
THE HOSPITAL for WOMEN, Soho-square.—

of Management have the pleasure to ACKNOWLEDGE the RE¬

Esq., and a new annual subscription of £1 1s., from Mrs. Stanley G.


LOST, a CERTIFICATE for £400 in the EAST
eea——
andrina Le Fanu. A REWARD will be given for the above on ap¬
plying to G.356, Address and Inquiry office, The Times Office, E.C.
LOST, on the 14th inst., in a Great Northern train,
between Brixton and Camberwell, a BUNCH of KEYS, Nickel

chambers, Victoria-street, S.W., shall be REWARDED.
Richard Delahay, of Newport, in the county of Mon¬
mouth, gentleman, formerly called and known as RICHARD

America, do hereby give notice, that by a deed poll dated the 11th
day of September, 1878, under my hand and seal as Richard Reese,
and intended to be duly enrolled in the Chancery Division of Her
Majesty's High Court of Justice, I have declared and do hereby de¬
clare that 1 intend henceforth to TAKE, Assume, and Use the SUR¬
NAME of DELAHAY, instead and in lien of that of Reese, by
which I have been formerly known, and that 1 will hereafter sub¬
scripe, write, and call myself in all deeds and instruments and
writings, and upon all oecasions whatsoever, by the name of Richard
Delahay, as hereunder sigued.—Dated this 11th day of September.

RICHARD DELAHAY.
Witness to the signature of the said Richard Delahay—Will. J.
 Sor, Newport, Mon.
IN the Matter of Exparte the Undertaking of the
Netrlebridge Valley Railway Bill And In the Matter of the
Nettlebridge Valley Railway Act 1874 And in the Matter of the
Nettlebridge Valley Railway Abandenment Att 1878 And In the
Matter of the Act 9th & 10th Victoria chapter 20 intituled "An Act
to amend an Act of the and year of Her present Majesty for providing
for the custody of certain moneys paid in pursuance of the standing
Orders of Parliament by Subscribers to works or undertakings to be
afrectedl under the Authority of Parliament. Notice is hereby given
that by an Order made in the above matters and cated the 8th day of
July 1878 by the Hign Court of Justice Changery Division an EN¬
QUIRY was directed to be made who is ENTITLED to COMPEN¬
SATION under the 3s Section of the 37 & 38 Victoria Chapter CLXXI
entitled An Act for INCORPORATING the NETTLEBRIDCE
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY and for other purposes out of
the £3,440 New £3 per cent. Annuities in Court to the credit o
"Exparte the Undertaking of the Nettlebridge Valley Railway Bill"
Any person claiming to be entitled to any such compensation are by
their Solicitors on or before the 26th day of October 1875 to come in
and prove their claims at the Chambers of th: Masse of the Roils in
the Rolls Yard Chancery Lane Middlesex or in nefault thereof they
will be peremptorny excuided from the benefit of the said Order.
Friday the 8th day of November 1878 at 12 o'clock at noon at the said
Chambers is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the
Claims. Dated this 27th day of August 1878
H. F. CHURCH Chief Clerk.
MANAWATU LAND ORDERS.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the 30th day November, 1877, an Act was passed
by the General Assembly of New Zealand, intituied an Act to provide
for the satisfaction of certam Land Orders issued by the New Zealand
Company, and theretofore exercised in the Manawatu or Horowhenua
districts, within the aforesaid Company's settlement at Wellington.
The attention of every person claiming under any such Land Orders
as aforesaid is drawn to the provisions of the said Act next follow¬

Every person claiming land within the Provincial District of Wel¬
lington under any Land Order originally issued by the New Zealand
Company, and waich has been exercised in the Manawatu or Horow¬
henua Districts, must, within 12 months from the 30th November, 1877,
if he be a resident in the Colony, and within two years from such date
if he be a resinent elsewhere, give notice in writing, by himself or his
agent, to the Commissioner appointed for the District of Wellinston.
under the Ordinance of te Legisiarive Council of the Islands of New
Zealand, Session 15, No. 11, for the hearing and decision of his claim
under the provisions of the said Act, and at the t me of making his
application for the satistaction of his claim must lodge with the Com¬
missioner the onginal land order under which he claims to be entitled
to select any section of land. Unless such land order suall previously
have been lodged with the Commissioner no claim can be heard and
determined until such eriginal land order is lodged, or proof of the
loss given to the satisfaction or the Commissioner.
The Commissioner will report to the Governor the name of the per¬
son found to be entitled to land under any particular land order, the
particular number thereof, the fact of such land order having been
lodged with him, or of his having received satisfactory proof of the
loss thereof, and the amount in value stated in such land order; such
report is to be conuidere and approved by the Governor in Council,
and forthwith publishen in the New Zealand Gazette, with the date
of the approval attached thereto.
Notincation of the (sovernor's approval is a sufficent warrant to the
Commissioner to issue to the persons named in such approved report
as being entitied to land, scrip for the amount of money originally
paid for the land order under which any such persons have been found
to be entitied, together with compensation to the amount of £1 for
every £1 steriing represented by suen land order added thereto ; so
that every person found entitled shall receive à2 in value for every
20s. in value to which he shall have been found entilied, except in
cases of lost land orders, in which case proceedings must be taken
under the Lost Land Orders Act, 1861.
No scrip can be delivered by the Commissioner until the land order
in satislaction of which such scrip is i sued has been cancelled by
him.
Upon the receipt of scrip all the right, title, interest, claim, and de¬
mand of the person to whom the same is issued, and of all other per¬
sous whatsoever, to the land in respect of which scrip shall have been
issued is extinguished; and the issue of such scrip is, both at law and
in equity, a full and complete performance by the Crown, on behalf of
the New Zealand Company, of the contract or obligation of the Com
pany in respect of which such scrip shall have been issued.
All scrip to be issued under the authority of the said Act is trans¬
ferable and is receivable as cash by the Receiver of Land Revenue in or
towards the purchase of waste lands of the Crown in any part of the
provincial district of Wellington, but not cisew here, and must be exer¬
cised within five years from the date of its issue ; claims for the exer¬
cise of scrip not made within such peried of five years are barred.
The Commissioner cannot entertain or investigate any claims in
which the claimant shall not have notified his intention to have his
claim heard and decided under the provisions of the said Act within
the time limited for making such application. All claimants failing
to avail themselves of the provisions of the said Act are barred, and
their claim extinguished by reason of such defauit.
Claimants not resident within the Colony of New Zealand should
forthwith appoint a duly authorized agent to do and perform what¬
ever may be requisite to obtain the benefit of the said Act.—Dated
at Wellington this 4th day of January, 1878.
(Signed) DAVID LEWIS, a Commissioner for the purposes
of the above referred to Act.
RIDGE S ROYAL FOOD MILLS will be CLOSED
THIS DAY, therefore no goods will be received or delivered.
OXFORD-STREET REPAVING.—CARRIAGES
can now SET DOWN and TAKE UP at PETER ROBIN¬
SONS, in Oxford-street, this portion of the street being now com¬
pleted and open for traffic.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—The TALISMAN
BRACELET (patented), in 18-carat gold. The above reward
will be paid to any one giving information of any INFRINGEMENT
of the above PATENT, in gold, silver, or other metal, on application
to Mr. Streeter, 18, New Bond-street, W.
CANNES, South of France.—Mr. JOHN TAYLOR
(Messrs, John Taylor and Riddett, General Agents), being now
IN LONDON, can be communicated with, either by letter or by ap¬
ointment, at Messrs. Berry, Brothers, and Co.'s, 2, St. James's-¬
street, S.W.
WHOOTING WANTED.—To Gentlemen, Keepers,
&c.—Advertiser WANTS about one day a week MIXED
SHOOTING, near London. Full particulars, inclusive terms, by
letter, Shot. City News Rooms, Ludgate-circus.
WACHTING in the MEDITERRANEAN. —A
gentleman, just returned with his family from a three months'
cruise, offers his YACHT for SALE, at a very low price. She is a
fine, powerful yawl, fast cruiser, and splendid sea boat, and built by
Ratsey, of Cowes. She has peen recently thoroughly overhouled, and
has new mast, spars, bulwarks, &c., and passed an examination by
Lloyd's surveyors, she has a very complete and full inventory, and
intending purchasers may inspect her if application is made on or
before the 20th inst. to the Secretary of the Royal Thames Yach
Club, 7, Albemarle-street, W.
MR. F. WARD, Confidential Agent for Town or
Country, Clarendon-chambers, 26 and 27, Villiers-street,

MONUMENTAL SCULPTURE. — MARBLE,
Granite, and Stone TOMBS, Cross
Tablets, Fonts, &c.
Drawings on application. Established 1820.—GAFFIN and Co., 63,
Quadrant, Regent-street, London, W.
W. JOHNSONS MONUMENTAL WORKS,
363 and 379, Euston-road, N.W. Particular attention given
to durability of material, good taste in design, and careful execution
of details. Established 1821.
MEMORIAL BRASSES, Crosses, and Inscription
Plates, designed and engraved by E. MATTHEWS and SONS,
No. 377, Oxford-stree, London, W. Exhibitors 1851, 1862. Prize
Medal, Philadelphia, 1876. Memorial Brasses, Stained-glass Win¬
dows, and Metal Work. Established 1810.
MEMORIAL BRASSES, Monuments, and Windows.
Designs and estimates forwarded on application. Agents for
Hauen's Iron Memorials.-FRANK SMITH and Co., 13, Southamp¬
ton-street, Strand.
CLUNY TAPESTRY in ART COLOURS, and Cur¬
tain Fabrics in Silk, Wool, and Cotton, from 3s. 6d. to 33s. 6d.
per yard. Table covers and carpets in harmony designs, registered.
Sets of patterns forwarded upon application.—FRANK SMITH
and Co.
CHALICES, Flagons, Offertory Dishes, and every
description of Church Plate. Designs and estimates upor
application. Old plate purchased or taken in exchange.—FRANK
SMITH and Co.
ALTAR COVERS, and every other requisite for
chutch adornment, wood, metal, and stonework. Catalogues
for 12 stamps. Funeral palls on hire.—FRANK SMITH and Co.,
Church Furniture Warehouse, 13, Southampton-street, Strand, Lon¬
don, W.C.
CHURCH PLATE, including Chalices, Flagons,
Patens, and Offertory Basins, made in accordance with the rules
of the Ecclesiological Society. Pocket services, in morocco cases, for
the visitation of the sick. A pamphlet, illustrated with engravings, will
be forwarded gratis on application to the GOLDSMITHS' ALLIANCE
(Limited), Manufacturing Silversmiths, 11 and 12, Cornhill, London.
DEATHS.
On the 15th inst., at Islip House, Kentish-town, ROSETTA GEORGINA,
wife of H. N. WINCH, after a long and painful illness.
On the 15th inst., at No. 12, Victoria-road, Kilburn, N.W., the resi¬
dence of his son-in-law, WILLIAM GEORGE BARLEY, late of Walpole¬
street, Chelsea, aged 69.
On the 15th Sept., 1878, at Allten Lodge, Kegworth, Leicestershire.
WILLIAM DAVID JOURDAIN, formerly of Albert-road, Regent's¬
park, in the 60th year of his age.
On the 15th inst., at his residence, 28, Fitzwilliam-square, Dublin,
JAMES KENNEDY. R.I.P.
On the 15th inst., at Margate, ARTHUR ALLAN BoWES, infant son
of Aurnut and EDITh Bowas SMYTH, aged five months.
On the 15th Sept., at Wilmington, Kent, STEPHEN LANGTON,
aged 47, after many years of patient suffering.
On the 16th inst., at 90, Eaton-place, the Dowager Lady CooPER,
in her 77th year.
On the 16th inst., at 6, Bromley-grove, Shortlands, Kent, VroLer
MARx, youngest daughter of HENRY TINDAL and AMY ATKINSON,

On the 16th Sept., at his residence, Heathfield, Bromboro', Cheshire,
CHARLES CLARE, aged 40 years, deeply lamented. Friends will
kindly accept this intimation.
On the 16th inst., at Holesdale, Upper Tooting, Jons AUGUsTINE,

On the 16th inst., at his residence, Shelly, near Ongar. GEORGE
BRYAN JENNINGS, aged 57.
