PRAY let me see you on September the 2d: if not,
write as soon as possible.—E. N.
NO thankful you are better. I am quite well, and
go into Yorkshire on the 4th of September. C. returned home on
the 28th inst.—M. A. G.
THE GENTLEMAN who endeayoured to find
Mr. F. W. SAFE, at John-street north, Shacklewoll, on Friday,
August 23, is requested to COMMUNICATE with Mr. C. Baylis,
No. 41, Ludgate-hill, E.C.
LOST, a BROWN RETRIEVER DOG, very curly,
wears a steel collar, addressed D. Mundy, 55, Westbourne-grove.
Whoever brings the same will be REWARDED.
LOST, a BLACK and TAN TERRIER, with hair
partiy of
27th inst., in King William.
street. TEN SHILLINGS REWARD at 39, Lime-street, city.
LOST, a GOLD PEN and PENCIL CASE, on
Sunday, the 25th inst., in Kew-gardens, or between there and Eas¬
Sheen: engine turned, with crest and motto engraved on shield top
ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD will be paid to any person bringing
to Messrs. Drew and Sous, Richmond; or to Mr. Dixon, 24, Bishopt
gate-street within.
DEEDS LOST, relating to property at Brent-street,
Hendon, belonging to Messrs. Johnson and Hamerton. Thesd
deeds are supposed to be lying at some lawyer's office. Whoever will
bring the same to Mr. Letts, Bartlett's-buildings, Holborn, shall re
ceive TWO GUINEAS REWARD.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LOST, near Stranraer¬
place, Edgware-road, on Wednesday, August 28, a small WHITI
DOG, with curly hair; answers to the name of "Gussie." Whoever
will bring the same to 7, Sutherland-gardens, Maida-vale, shall receive
the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on Sunday last,
25th August, 1861, about 9 o'clock in the evening, a BLACK and
TAN SPANIEL DOG (King Charles's breed), very fat; answers to the
name of "Caro." Whoever will bring him to Mr. Green, greengrocer,
No. 8, Glocester-road, South Kensington, shall receive the above
reward.
TRAYED into a stable, No. 2, Warwick-mews,
Bloomfield-road, Paddington, on Saturday last, a small SKYE
TERRIER. If not claimed, and expenses paid, within seven days, he
will be SOLD to defray the same.
FOUND, in an omnibus, SIX POUNDS. Apply to
Messrs. Edwd. R. Daunt and Co., 30, Clement's-lane, city.
TO Mr. CHARLES SCRIBER.—LOST, a PAIR
of DOUBLE GUNS, by Lang, with pistol handle, in a double
case. Supposed to be taken by mistake while travelling last year by rail,
and left in lieu thereof a pair of guus by Westley Richards. On the
case is the name of Mr. Charles Scriber. Whoever has the said Lang
guns can have the others by applying to Mr. Lang, gunmaker, 22, Cock¬
spur-street, London.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reductior
of the National Debt of the sum of £152 14s. 6d. Consolidated Thr.
Boe ent. Annuities, heretofor.
thi m es of the Righ i
Hon. FRANCIS Lord DE DUNSTANVILLE, deceased, and JOHN
GAGE, of Lincoln's-inn, Esq., deceased, and which was transferred to
the said Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends thereon not
having been received since the 5th July, 1827; Notice is hereby given,
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to Sir William
Hall Gage, Knight, G.C.B., the sole executor of John Gage, deceased,
who was the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £91 14s. 5d., Consoli¬
dated 3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
Right Hon. Rev. Lord JOHN THYNNE, of Haynes-park, Bedfore.
shire, and ARTHUR CHRISTOPHER THYNNE, a minor, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of
the dividends thereon not having been received since the 5th July,
1851; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Divi¬
dends thereon Paid, to the said Lord John Thynne, and Arthur
Christopher Thynne, now of age, who have claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
MIDDLESEX.—Music or Dancing Licences.—
Notice is hereby given, that all persons intending to apply for
LICENCES for MUSIC or DANCING under the Statute 25th George
II., c. 36, who were not licensed at the last Michaelmas Session for
this county (whether or not a licence was granted at the last-mentioned
session in respect of the premises sought to be licensed), must, three
weeks at least before Monday, the 7th day of October next, which will be
the commencement of the next Michaelmas Quarter Session, cause a
notice, in the undermentioned form, to be affixed upon the outer door or
other conspicuous part of the premises sought to be licensed, and upon¬
the outer door of the police station or other place of confinement in
the parish in which such premises shall be situate ; and must also
serve copies of such notice upon the churchwardens and everseers of
the parish in question three weeks at least before the commence¬
ment of the said Session: and must also give three weeks notice at
least before the said 7th day of October to me, at the Sessions-house,
Clerkenwell, and to the Clerk of the Petty Sessions of the division.
wherein the premises are situate, of the intended application:—
FORM of NOTICE.
"I. — of —, do hereby give notice, that I intend to apply under
the provisions of the statute 25th Geo. II., cap. 36, at the next Michacl.
mas Quarter Session for the county of Middlesex, to be holden at the
Sessions-house, Clerkenwell, on the 10th day of October, 1861, fors
licence for (here insert the particular sort or sorts of public entertain¬
ment for which the licence is required) to be carried on within the
house or premises situate at——, or known by the name of — (as the
case may be), and now in the occupation of me, the subscriber hereto."
And notice is also given, that every applicant for a licence is required
to attend the Court personally on the said 10th day of October, which
will be the day for granting licences, uniess a reason satisfactory to the
Court shall be assigned for his absence.
And that every person presenting any petition against the grant or
renewal of any licence must leave with me, at the Sessions-house, Cler¬
kenwell, ten clear days before the said 7th day of October, a copy of
such counter-petition, for the inspection of the person applying for such
grant or renewal.
The Court will not in future insert in licences to be granted under
the said Act the words "or other public entertainment of the like
kind," but will in all cases specify the particular entertainment which

Counter-petitions must now be lodged ten clear days before the first
day of the session, instead of five clear days before the day for grant¬
ing licences, and the notice to be given to the Clerk of the Peace an
to the Clerk of the Petty Sesion.

nhstead of 1
C. HEATON ELLIS, Clerk of the Peace.
ssions-house, Clerkenwell, August 23, 1861.
BURROW's LANDSCAPE-GLASSES.—Notice is
hereby given, that legal proceedings will be immediately taken
against all persons offering for sale field-glasses as and for the genuine¬
MALVERN LANDSCAPE-GLASSES, and the public are CAU¬
TIONED against buying such as do not bear the names of "W. and J.
Burrow, Great Malvern," in relief upon the evenieces, both of the 31¬
guinea and 6-guinea glasses.
WM. WILKES CAWLEY
Solicitor for the said W. and J. Burrow.
Great Malvern, April 26, 1861.
SKELETON SKIRTS. — Whereas, Messrs. Thomson
and Co. are sending circulars and causing advertisements to
appear, cautioning retail and other houses from selling skeleton skirts
or crinolines, which are said to be infringements of Letters Patent of
Great Britain, dated 22d July, 1856 ; and whereas such circulars and
advertisements very seriously affect the sale of skeleton skirts by the
undersigned manufacturers: wo are, therefore, prepared to guarantec
all parties purchasing skeleton shirts from any of us against any and
all proceedings, and we are further prepared to show the said Letters
Patent are invalid, and hereby challenge Messrs. Thomson and Co. to
take proceedings against any of us, or any party or parties who may
purchase skeleton skirts from us. —Dated 19th August, 1861.
C. E. WILSON and Co.,
R. and G. GRAY and Co.,
J. W. WYATT and Co.,
CLAYTON. RORKE, and Co.
LAWSON, STAKE, and Co
For OSBORN and CHEESMAN,
AUSTIN, KELLY, an on.
HUBBELL and WILLIS.
Witness-A. Warrand, Solicitor, 73, Basinghall-street, cit
IN the SUPREME COURT of JUDICATURE at
MADRAS.—In Equity: between Girder Doss Govin Doss, plain¬
tiff, and Arthur Macdonald Ritchie, Administrator-General, and as such
the administrator of the estate and effects of William Ambrose Serle,
Esq., deceased, defendant.—Pursuant to a Decree of Her Majesty's Su¬
preme Court of Judicature at Madras, made in a cause wherein Girder
Doss Govin Doss, a Soucar, is plaintiff, and Arthur Macdonald Ritchie,
Esq., Administrator-General of Madras, and as such the administrator
of the estate and effects of William Ambrose Serle, deceased, is defen¬
dant, the CREDITORS of WILLIAM AMBROSE SERLE, Esq., late
of Madras, Registrar and Prothonotary of the Supreme Court, de¬
ceased (who died on or about the 23d day of December, 1860), are to
come in and prove their debts before Charles Martin Teed, Esq., the
Master of the said Court, at his chambers in the Supreme Court-house
at Madras, on or before the 15th day of November next; or, in default
thereof, they will be excluded the benefit of the e a e
BOYSON and MILLER, Plaintiff's Sohcitors.
Supreme Court-house, Madras, July 10, 1861.
SECOND ANNUAL CITY EXHIBITION of
PAINTINGS by MODERN ARTISTS is now OPEN at HAY¬
WARD and LEGGATT's GALLERY. Entrance by 28, Cornhill,
Admission on presentation of private address card.
BURFORD's PANORAMA ROYAL.—At the
urgent desire of many patrous Mr. Burford has been induced to
light the panoramas by gas. The Exhibition will open next week with
a magnificent new Picture of Naples, Day and Evening. — Leiceste

CORREGGIO's ECCE HOMO.—Last Week on
View in London this season, The exhibition will be continued
shortly in the provinces. The chef-d'ouvre by Correggio is verified by
the engraving in the British Museum. ON VIEW from 9 till dusk.
Admission 6d.—At GARDNER's GALLEL
7 19, Oxford-stre.
t. .
ROYAL CELOL L
SSEUM, R.
tent's-park and Al
ann
street.—
te Entertainment—Italy
ictorially
noend u sically

Eutertain
t a adies
tain n  lunteer Com¬
Aany—Secrets of Spirit Rapping and

Jurning fully Disclosed—
Wonderful Illustrations in Natural Magic
T G ra n n n iornay,
as of
Lisbon. London, and Paris—Dissolving Views—Oxy-Hydrogen Micro¬
scope, &c.
omiss ion to
ewhole, 1s.
MADAME TUSSAUD's EXHIBITION, esta¬
blished 25 years in Baker-street.—New Addition.—A full-length
PORTRAIT MODEL of Count CAVOUR, late Prime Minister of
Sardinia, whose fame was European. Also, Models of the early English
Kings, from William the Conqueror to Edward I., are completed and
arranged. Admittance 1s; extra rooms, 6d. Open from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m.
ROYAL EXCHANGE FINE ARTS GALLERY.
No. 24, Cornhill.—Mr. MORBY has just added to his COLLEC¬
TION an important Work, by T. Faed, A.R.A., painted last year; 
beautiful Picture, by Pickersgill, A.R.A.; another by Le Jeune; two
by J. Faed; three by Cooper, A.R.A.; two by Gale; two by Baxter;
one by Van Schendel, all fresh from the easels of the artists; also a
charming work by Linnell, sen.
ROYAL HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.—The
DAHLIA SHOW, at South Kensington. Wednesday week, Sep¬
tember 11. Doors open at 1 o'clock. Tickets, 2s. 6d. each; on the day,
3s. 6d., to be had at the gardens, and of the principal librarians and
s
ARGYLL ROOMS, Great Windmill-Street, Hay¬
market, is now OPEN for the season, under the direction of
Mons. Boulcourt, principal cornet-à-piston, and Conductor. The music
will be selected from Verdi, Meyerbeer, Rossini, Flatow, Balfe, and
other eminent composers. During the recess these well-known rooms
have been entirely re-decorated and improved by Messrs. H. J. Smith
and assistants. The new chandeliers-by M. Benjamin.
dmission 1s.
All the new music to be had at the office, 7, Great Windmill-street.
MAGIC LANTERNS, second-hand.—A first class
SET of DISSOLVING LANTERNS, with improved gas appa¬
ratus and oil, and an excellent assortment of slides complete, with
ses
for lectures. Has on
tie inn
 a few times.—
Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS, 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly
MAGIC LANTERNS and DISSOLVING VIEWS,
in great variety.—KEYZOR and BENDON's two-guinea BINO¬
CULAR FIELD or OPERA GLASS, sent carriage free on receipt of post¬
office order to any part of the United Kingdom. The extraordinary power
of this instrument renders it adapted to answer the combined purpose¬
of telescope and opera-glass. It will define objects distinctly at 10
miles distance, is suitable for the theatre, race-course, sportsmen,
tourists, and general out-door observations. Only to be obtained of
Kevzor and Bendon (successor to Harris and Son), opticians, 50, High
Holborn, W.C.
ustrated price list of magic lanterns, optical and
mathematical instruments free on receipt of two st.
THE GAME of CROQUET, with French polished
mallets, balls, coloured starting pins, gilt arches, and copyright laws
of the game, 21s.: do. in box complete, 25s.; superior qualities, 45s, and
60s. per set. Sold by Spurin, 37, New Bond-street; Spratt, 1, Lower
Brook-street; Cremer, 27, New Bond-street; Miller, 32, Lowndes¬
street; Cremer, iun. 210, Regent-street; Izzard, 46, Upper Brook¬
street; Sherwin, £27 New Oxford-street; Wyatt, 12, Lowther-arcade;
Leuchars, 3. Cheapside; Dixon, 25, Gracechurch-street; Pearce, 7.
Cornhill: Mead and Powell, 6, Arcade. London-bridge; and by
JAQUES and SON (wholesale only), 102. Hatton-garde.
UNT SALLY, 7s. 6d., 14s; Croquet, 21s.; Lawn¬
Billards, Summer Ice, and the largest variety of Games in
may be obtained at CREMER, Jun.'s, European toy warehouse,
No. 210, Regent-street, which also contains all that is novel in toys and

CROQUET, Aunt Sally, Lawn Billards, Summer
Ice, Jack's Alive. Red. White, and Blue, and every known game,
may be obtained at CREMER, Junior's, European toy and game ware¬
house, 210, Regent-street, which also contains the largest variety of
toys in Europo.
