THE RAVEN-SPRING.—A living draught. For
ever flows, through dark of night, through shine of day. Bright
run its sparkiing waters, fresh and free. Welcome the precious drink—
there drink, thence live
FRANCIS.—Why did you not meet at Blackfriars
on Tuesday? I waited from 10 till 12. I shall be at same place
same time same day of next week as at first. Mect if possible to ex¬
plain.—ARTHUR.
IDA.—What address will find you? Have waited in
vain for another letter. Are you still at the seaside? I can now
meet you, as in December last, at Gower-street Station, or elsewhere.

MARTIN.—If Mr. RICHARD MARTIN, who, in

tatives, will COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Young, Jones, Roberts,
and Hale, 2, St. Mildred's-court, Poultry, E.C., they will hear of some¬
thing to their advantage.
THE LADY and GENTLEMAN, who left Lime¬
street Station by the 11 a.m. train for London, on the 12th inst.,
eemssesegene

ADDRESS, being desirous to thank them, and auxious for any infor¬
mation they can give. Address 2 750, care of Henry Greenwood, Ad¬
vertising Agent, Liverpool.
WEBB.—UNCLAIMED MONEY due to CLA¬
RISSA JULIA WEBB, daughter of the late John Webb,
Esq.—De Bernardy, Brothers, 28, John-Street, Bedford-row, London.
THE NEXT of KIN of ANN WIGHTMAN,

something to their advantage on APPLYING to Mr. TAYLOR, Soli¬
citor. Buxton, Derbyshire.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one Dividend son the sum of
£2,710 5s. New £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the
names of HORATIO GROSVENOR DAY, of Isleworth, Middlesex,
Surgeon, and HENRY DONKIN, of Upper Tooting, Surrey, Esquire.
and which Dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of having re¬
enumancaoe¬
given that, on the expiration of three months from this date (March
16th, 1878), the said Dividend will be paid to Thomas Donkin, one of
the executors of Henry Donkin, deceased, who was the survivor, who
has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear

LEGACY £600 DANIELL (WILLIAM) (the Father
of Robert Daniell hereafter mentioned) deceased Such of the
grandchildree of the said William Daniell as were living six calendar
months after the death which happened on the 9th September 1876 of
Mrs Harriett Daniell deceased the widow of Robert Daniell late an
Officer on Half pay of Her Majestys 59th Regiment of Foot are en
titled between them in equal shares to a Legacy of £600 Legacy £300
Harvey (William) of Glasgow son of William Harvey of Girvan Ayr¬
shire Scotland The said William Harvey of Glasgow if living at the
death of the said Mrs Harriett Daniell or the legal personal repre¬
sentative of the said William Harvey of Glasgow if he was living at
the death of the said Harriett Daniell is entitied under her Will to a
Legacy of £300 Pursuant to an order of the High Court of Justice
Chancery Division dated the 18th January 1878 and made in the
Matter of the Act 10th and 11th Victoria Chapter 96 intituled An Act
for better securing Trust Funds and for the relief of Trustees And in
the Matter of the Trusts of the Legacy of £600 bequeathed by the
Will of Robert Daniell in favor of such of the GRANDCHILDREN
of his late Father WILLIAM DANIELL as should be living 6
calendar months after the death of the Testators wife Harriett
Daniell and In the Matter of the trusts of a Legacy bequeathed by
the Will of the said Harriett Daniell in favor of such of the grand¬
children of the said William Dapiell as might be entitied to the said
Legacy of £600 under the said Will of the said Robert Daniell and in
the Matter of the Trusts of a Legacyof £300 bequeathed by the said Will
of the said Harriett Daniell to WILLIAM HARVEY of Glasyow the
son of William Harvey of Girvan Ayrshire Scotland All and every
sss
legal personal representatives of any of such grandchildren or secondly
sasee.—
sentatives if he survived the said Harriett Daniell are by their Solici¬
tors on or before the 29th April 1878 to come inand prove their claims
at the Chambers of the Vice Chancellor Sir Richard Malins at No 3
Stone Buildings Lincolus Inn Middlesex or in default thereof they
will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the said order
h
sday the 9th May 1878 at 12 o'clock at noon at the said Chambers
is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims Dated
ALFRED RAWLINSON Chief Clerk

PRIDEAUX  SON Goldsmiths Hall London Solicitors
CHELSEA HOSPITAL for WOMEN, King's-road,
S.W.—The Committee of Management beg most gratefully to
ACKNOWLEDGE a CONTRIBUTION of ONE HUNDRED
POUNDS from Miss Gibbins, towards the funds urgently needed
for building the new hospital.—J. S. WOOD, Secretary.
OREADNOUGHT. —SEAMEN's HOSPITAL,
Greenwich, S.E.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEPT of the following SUMS towards the £6,000 required
to enable them to deiray the current expenses of the present year:—

£5 5s. (annual); Mrs. Joseph orote, £2 2s.—
HENRY C. BURDETT, Secretary.
WARSPITE TRAINING SHIP, of the Marine
Society for Poor and Destitute Boys.—The Committee grato¬
fully ACKNOWLEDGE a munificent DONATION of ONE HUN¬
DRED POUNDS from the Rev. Sir Edward Repps Jodrell, Bart., in
aid of their endeavours to maintain the 300 boys now on board.—S.
WHITCHURCH SADLER, R.N., Secretary. Offices, 544, Bishops¬
gate-street within, E.C.
NORTH-EASTERN HOSPITAL for CHILDREN,
Hackney-road, E.—The Committee beg to ACKNOWLEDGE,
with their best thanks, the RECEIPT of the following DONATIONS
to the Building Fund (on bebalf of which a special appeal was
made at a public meeting held at the Mansion-house on the 12th
inst.):—Miss J. M. Barclay, One Hondred Pounds; F. W. Harris,
Thirty Guineas.—ALFRED NIXON, Secretary, City office,
No. 27, Clement's-lane, E.C
VESTMINSTER HOSPITAL, Broad Sanctuary,
. S.W.—The House Committee have the pleasure to ACKNOW.
LEDGE the RECEIPT of the following DONATIONS, contributed
on the occasion of the recent Ball, at Willis's Rooms, given by the
Medical Staff of the Hospital in aid of the Repairs and Improvement
Fund:—£38 11s. to the Repairs Fund, by Two Friends, per Dr. Fredk.
Walker; and £10 10s. to the Fund for General Purpeses by Frederick
Hollebone, Esq.—P. P. BOUVERIE, Treasurer.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday
night, March 8, betweon South Eaton-place and the Royal Insti¬
tution, Albemarle-street, a HAIR BRACELET, with likeness of lady
set in gold and turquoises. Whoever shall take the same to 3, South
Laton-place, shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, TWO BANK of ENGLAND NOTES, near
Islington. Apply by letter, stating the numbers of the notes,
or giving proof of ownership. Expenses to be paid for by the owner.
Tod. Esq., 9, Mecklenourgh-street. W. C.
WILLIS, PERCIVAL, and Co.—CREDITORS of
this BANK, who desire to curtail the ruinous expenses and
delays of liquidation by carrying out my suggestion of transferring
the ass ets and goodwill to an existing Bank, are requested to send
their NAMES and ADDRESSES to Wm. Williams Thomas, 127,
Queen Victoria-street, London, E.C.—March, 1876.
NOTICE—ORDNANCE SURVEY of ENGLAND.
To LANDED PROPRIETORS, Clergymen, Agents or Factors of
Estates, Parish Officers, and all others interested in having the
Boundaries of the Parishes correctly ascertained and accurately laid
down on the Plans of the Ordnance Survey.
THE BOUNDARIES in Part of the COUNTY of
BEDFORD have been ascertained as directed by the Act of
Parliament, 9th and 5th Victoria, cap. 30 icontinued in force by the
Survey (Great Britain) Continuance Act, 1875) ; and the Sketch Maps
drawn, which, with the field notes of the perambulation of the following
places, viz.:—
Barton-in-the-Eaton Bray
Houghton Regis Studham
Clay
HumbershosSundon
Eggingt on

Battlesden
Leighton Buzzard Tilsworth
Billington
Heath and Reach Luton.
Toddington
Caddington
Higham Gobion Snitlington.

Hockliffe.
Chaigrave
(Stanbridge
Whipsnade
Dunstable.
Streatley.
Holwell
will be open for inspection at the Corn Exchange, Luton, between
the hours of 10 and 4 o'clock, on Monday and Tuesday, 25th and 26th
March, 187d.
As the boundaries laid down on the Government maps were pointed
out to the Ordnance Surveyors by meresmen, or persons appointed by
Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace assembled in Quarter Sessions, as
directed by the Acts of Parliament quoted above, the maps may pos¬
sibly become evidence respecting the boundaries, and thus aflect the
right of rating lands. Therefore, proprietors, agents, and other persons
to whom this notice is addressed, are particulany requested to examine
the sketch maps, to ascertain that the boundaries of those lands in
and for which they are interested have been correctly defined and laid
down, and to bring with them plans of their estates for comparison
with the boundary sketch maps, that, should any differences be
found, they may be inquired into and corrected before the maps are
engraved and published.
JOHN CAMERON, Lieut.-General, Royal Engineers, Director.
N.B.—These are mere skeleton outline maps, and do not show the
boundaries of private property.
INTIMATION is hereby given to all to whom it may
concern that in an Action of Multiplepoinding and Exoneration
raised in the Court of Session in Scotland at the instance of John
Henry Robertson Stockbroker Edinburgh & Charles Morton
Robertson of Gorgie Lodge Edmburgh Trustees acting under the Tes¬
tamentary Deeds of the late Mrs. MARGARET THOMSON or
COULTER sometime wife atterwards widow of the deceased William
Coulter hosier in Edinburgh against Margaret Ballantyne daughter of
the Marraage between the deceased William Ballantyne pewterer in
Edinburgh & Mrs. Margaret Coulter his spouse & sometime re¬
sidinng with the raid Mrs. Margaret Thomson or Coulter in or near
Edinburgh but whose present residence if still in life is unknown to the
Pursuers Margarct Thomson or Meikle wife of the now deceased
Richard Meskle merchant in Glasgow & sometime residing there
but whose present place of residence is unknown sto the pursuers;
William Coulter Meikle son of the said Mrs. Margaret Thomson or
Mcikle & sometime of London or elsewhere furth of Scotland but
whose present place of residence is unanown to the pursuers; John
Meikle sometime of Manchester thereafter of London but whose
present place of residence is unsnown to the pursuers;
Richard Meikle sometime of Liverpool or elsewhere furth of
Scotland but whose present place of residence if still in life
is unknown to the pursuers; David Meikle now or lately residing at 39
Prescott Street City Road Manchester or elsewhere furth of
Scotland; Margaret Coulter Meikle or Melles wife of William Melles
now or lately resideng at Sewardstone Lodge, Sewardstone, Woodford
reen, Essex or olsewhere furth of Scotland & the said William
Melles as administrator-in law for his said wire & for his own right a
interest, Mrs. Janet Thomson or Mercer wife of James Mercer of
Morningside Macquarrie River Tasmams only surviving child of the
deceased Claudius Thomson sometime of the Berwickshire Militia
afterwards residing iat Waterloo Lodge Launceston Tasmania & the
also now deceased Mrs. Janet Ritchie or Thomson hiswife and the said
James Mercer as administrator-in-law for nis said wife & for his own
right & interest: and also against the Lord Advocate as acting
under the Statute 20 & 21 Vict cap 44 on behalf of the Crown as
ultima haeres of the said Margaret Ballantyne, Lord Adam (Ordinary)
before whom the said action depends has pronounced an INTERLO¬
CUTOR of the jollowing tenor vig
23 February 1878 Lord Adam—Act Pearson. On the motion of
the Pursuers appoints intimation of the dependence of this process to
be mace to aft concerned once in the Times Newspaper for three
successive weeks & in the Scotsman & Glasgow Herald Newspapers
once weekly for three successive weeks (Sigd)		JAMES ADAM
Of the dependence of which action intimation is hereby made to
all concerned accordingly
MENZIES, COVENTRY ESOOTE W.S. Agents for
22 Hill Street Edmburgh.
Pursuers.
CORPORATION of BIRMINGHAM.—Gas Depart¬
ment.—The Corporation of Birmingham propose to hold, in the
month of June next, in the Town-hall of Birmingham, an EXHIBI¬
TION of GAS-COOKING STOVES, Apparatus for Heating Houses,
Baths, Conservatories, &c., by Gas, and other apparatus in which gas
is used for domestic purposes.
Manutacturers willing to exhibit such apparatus are invited to com¬
municate with Mr. Henry Parry, the Secretary of the Department,
giving particulars of the articles which they manufacture. Letters to
be endorsed "Gas Apparatus Exhibition.
PARIS EXHIBITION, 1878.—Under a concession just
completed, British Exhibitors and others can have the advantage,
subject to special regulations, of placing select ADVERTISE¬
MENTS, upon a limited number of gigantic and smaller immovable
WHITE LINEN SUN BLINDS in the Exhibition Building. The
dimensions of the bunds are :—The large, 17ft. 6in. high by lbft. 9in.
wide ; the smailer, 4it. 3in, high by Sft. wide.
No advertisements being permitted in the French Official Cata¬
logue, nor in that of the British Section, the advantage of this mode
of publicity—wholly unprecedented in Exhibitions—cannot be over¬
rated.
Information as to costs involved will be furnished upon receipt of
particulars of proposed Advertisements, which may include Illustra¬
tions, such as Trade Marks, Diagrams of Machinery, &c., to be painted
in brillant colours.
J. M. JOHNSON and SONS, Limited, Sole Concessionnaires
for Great Britain and the United States.
International Exhibition Agency, 3, Castle-st., Holborn, London.
INDIARUBBER STAMPS.—Persons ignorant of
the PATENT RIGHTS of LEIGHTON, BROTHERS are warned
against infringing them, as all fabricators, vendors, and users of the
patent may be made liable in damages. —Dated this 11th of March.
Information of contrefactions will be received by Hanhart and Gil¬
man, Solicitors to the Patentees, 20, Southampton-street, Bloomsbury¬
square.
PROPOSED VOLUNTEER FORCE for ACTIVE
SERVICE.—The objects or the scheme are :—To train from
900,000 to 600,000 men annually, to secure efficiency without inter¬

penses and compensate men for their time (but this will cause no per¬
ceptible increase of taxes), and to place at once 100,000 trained men
at the disposal of Government. A committee is being formed.
Gentlemen desiring further particulars are requested to write to the

LOST DOGS.—A large number waiting to be owned
at the HOME for LOST DOGS, Lower Wandsworth-road, Bat¬
tersea (York-road Station). Apply between 10 and 4, excent Sunday.
—T. SCOBORIO. Secretary.
