H., Margate.—WRITE again. Yours of Oct. 5
not received in time to keep appointment at Charing-cross.
NOV. 12th.—Only got home late last night and
received your letter. Picase let me know where to write, and
n shall hear from me immediately. No. 149.
MENDEL, SAMUEL, late of 6 Mincing-lane, may,
hear of something beneficial by APPLYING to Mr. W. G.

IF the LADY, who called at Westbourne-park¬
trescent respecting Arthur falling from his horse, will COMMU¬
NICATE with Miss Woodward, poste restante, General Post-office,
she will greatly oblige.
IF this should MEET the EYE of C.—S H.—T.
who on the 7th of May, 1864, accompanied a lady from Charles¬
street, Manchester-square to Brompton and back, he would infinitely
oblige by SENDING his ADDRESS to H. R. M. Address post office,
Blackheath.
IF CHRISTOPHER ROPE PRESENT, who some
years since left Gorleston, in Suffolk, and resided in London, in or
about 1857, or if dead, his next of kin, will APPLY to A. W., post-office,
Great Yarmouth, he or they will hear of something to his or their ad¬
vantare.
ANEST., F. Nest., C. Nest., 22d February. —Snow
on the ground, yet twas then the heart grew warmer. You did
quite right. I am very grateful. Listen, when another year dawns.
Bo very careful of yoursell. I bide my time. God bless you ever.
—28 M. E8, Lettels.
JOHN REIDPATH, Esquire, formerly of 7, Stam¬
ford-grove, upp ,
living for his representative
if dead), is requested to COMMUNICATE with Mr. J. Keane, 4a, Clay.
lands-road, Clapham-road, S.W., from whom the above named will
hear concerning his interests.
THE SECRETARY of the HOSPITAL for
WOMEN, Soho-square, beg to ACKNOWLEDGES with thanks,
the RECEIPT of a BANK NOTE for £5, No. Z-D 90463. Contribu¬
tions are earnestly solicited in behalf of this National Institution.
LOST, an old-fashioned SEAL, supposed between
   .

SHILLINGS REWARD. Apply to housekeeper, 13, St. Helen's-pl.
LOST, a WHITE POMERANIAN DOG, on the
11th instant. Whoever will restore him to the owner shall re¬
cerve ONE GUINEA REWARD. Apply at Messrs. Betts', 262, Ox¬
ford-street, W.
LOST, in the neighbourhood of Portman-square, a
BLACK and TAN TERRIER. Whoever will takef

stationer, Upper Berkeley-street, shall receive TEN SHIL¬
LINGS REWARD.
LOST, on Sunday evening, a LADYS WRITING
CASE, marked "E. A. C." Supposed to have been left in a
first-class carriage between Su. biton and Vauxhall. Whoever will take
it to 15, Chesham-street, Belgrave-square, shall be REWARDED.
BROOCH LOST.—LOST, coming out of the Strand
Theatre on the night of Saturday, Oct. 30, a RUBY and
DIAMOND HORSESHOE BROOCH. Whoever will take the same
to Mr. Sheppard e e,
Brook¬
 Grosvenor-square, W.,
shall receive FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
RE SUSANNAH DUKE, deceased.—LOST, in or
between Gray's-inn and the Temple, the ORIGINAL DRAFT
WILL of the late Mrs. SUSANNAH DUKE, of Newark, in the
county of Nottingham, widow, deceased. Whoever will take the same
to Messrs. Stuart and Massey, solicitors, 5, Gray's-inn-square, Holborn,
shall be rewarded for their trouble.
ISLE of SKYE TERRIER.—TWO POUNDS RE¬
WARD.—LOST, on Saturday, Nov. 6th, from
er Brooks¬
mews, Craven-road, W., a SANDY-COLOURED ISLE of SKYE
TERRIER DOG, quite young; had on a collar, with chain at¬
tached. Whoever will restore it to 35, Queen's-gardens, Hyde-park, W.,
shall receive the above reward.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a month
ago, an OLD IRON-GRAY, ROUGH TERRIER, answering to
the name of "Tip." No further reward. Apply at 33, Queensborough¬
terrace, Bayswater, W.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday
last, the 9th inst, while hunting with the Queen's hounds, a GOLD
HALF-HUNTING WATCH, made by J. Neal, Edgware-road. Lon¬
don, and numbered 44,333. The above reward will be paid by taking
same to Mr. Slaymaker, 35, Edgware-road, London.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in an omnibus,
last night, about 5 o'clock between Fleet-Street and Charing¬
oss, a DIPLOMA of FELLOW of the ROYAL COLLEGE of SUR¬
GEONS, belonging to Edward James Shearman of Rotherham.
Whoever will take it to Mr. James, at Morley's Hotel, Trafalgar¬
square, shall receive this reward. It is of no use to any one but the
owner.
FOUND, a DIAMOND RING, at the east-end of
London. Further information may be obtained at the Police
Station, Leman-Street, Whitechapel.
THE WARD-ROOM OFFICERS of H.M.S.
INCONSTANT hereby give notice, that they will NOT be RE¬
SPONSIBLE for any DEBTS contracted by their MESSMAN.
MORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT
DISTRICT.—Holborn Union.—I, the undersigned J.H. Mitchiner,
Auditor of the above named district, do hereby give notice that I have
appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the HOLBORN UNION,
and of the parishes therein contained, for the half-year ended the 29th
of September, 1869, to commence on Saturday, the 27th day of No¬
vember, 1869, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Union workhouse,
Gray's-inn-lane, when and where all persons who by law are bound to
account at such audit are required to attend, and to submit all books,
documents, bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the accounts,
or to moneys assessed for and applicable to, the relief of the poor.
—Dated the 12th day of November, 1869.
J. H. MITCHINER, District Auditor.
SIMON WILBY, deceased.—Notice to Legatees.—
Whereas Simon Wilby, late of Wortham, in Suffolk, tailor, de¬
aesed, b his will, dated the 2d November, 1855, and proved by
William Cullin, of Blo Norton, in Norfolk, farmer, and Thomas Hart,
of Wortham, in Suffolk, farmer, the trustees and executors therein
named, in the District Registry of Her Matesty's Court of Probate, in
the western division of the county of Suffolk, at Bury St. Edmund's,
on the 25th day of September, 1861, devised several inclosures of arable
and pasture land, in the county of Suffolk, constituting his residuary
real estate, to his wife, Charlotte Wilby, during her life, and from and
after her death (which event happened in the month of May last), the
said testator empowered his said trustees to sell his said residuary real
estate, and to stand possessed of the nett moneys to arise therefrom,
upon trust, for John Wilby, of 18, Hyde-park-square-mews, Padding
ton, London, cab proprietor; William Wilby, of 39, Devonshire-street,
Lisson-grove, Marylebone, London, cab driver; Maria Wilby, of East
Billaney, near Litcham, the widow of Isaac Wilby, deceased: Zacha¬
riah Flatman, of Palgrave, in Suffolk, labourer; Osborne Wilby, of
Bury St. Edmund's, ostler; Robert Wilby, of Palgrave aforesaid,
labourer; Lomsa Jeffereys, of Stuston, in Suffolk, the daughter of
testators sister, Elizabeth Flatman; Mary Ann, the wife of — Miller,
of 7, Portobello-terrace, Portobello-lane, Bayswater, London, omnibus
conductor: Charles Thomas, of 15, Doure-cottages, St. John's-wood,
London, butcher: Emma Maria Thomas, of the same place, spinster;
James Friston, of Fish Needham, in Norfolk, shoemaker; Esther
Eliza Alger, of the same place (the nicce of testator's wife); equally,
and the said testator declared that the issue of any legatee or legatees
dying in his life time as being sons should attain the age of 21 years, or
being daughters should attain that age, or marry, should take by way
of substitution the share or respective shares only which the parent or
respective parents would have taken if living: and whereas it is be¬
lieved that some of the abovenamed legatees are dead, and that others
are residing abroad. Notice is hereby given, that all the LEGATEES
now living and the issue or legal representatives of any legatee or lega¬
tees now dead, are required to apply at the office of Messieurs Ashurst,
Morris, and Company, 6, Old Jewry, London, solicitors, or at the office
of Mr. J. C. Brook, of Diss, in the county of Norfolk, solicitor, to es¬
tablish their claims to the moneys to which, under the said will, they
may be entitled as aforesaid. —Dated this 11th day of November, 1869.
ASHURST, MORRIS, and Co., 6, Old Jewry, London,
Agents for J. C. Brook, Solicitor, Diss, Norfolk.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 533.—Chisleburst, Kent.
—In the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53.—
Notice is hereby given, that on the application of JOHN WEBSTER,
of No. 26, Lombard-street, in the city of London, gentleman, the
Registrar intends, at the expiration of three calendar mouths from the
date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the HERE¬
DITAMENTS in the parish of Chisleburst, in the county of Kent,
containing 17a. Ir. and 29p. or thereabout, partly in hand, and partly
in the tenure or occup ation of George Noel Wenborn, Moses Line, and
William Watson, bounded on or towards the south by the public road
from Eltham to Footseray, and on other sides by property of Lord
Sydney, Mrs. Battersly, and John Allan, Esquire, and which
said hereditaments formerly formed part of the Sydney estate,
and are delineated on the map No. 533, deposited in the Office
of Land Registry as part of the description of the same heredi¬
taments, and thereon edged with red, together with the mines and
minerals under the same. If any person object to, or desire to
show cause against, such registration, or claim that the same
should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or thatany par¬
ticular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved
or admisted before the Registrar, should be entered on the register,
such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34. Lin¬
coln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three
months, persenally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or other¬
wise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against, or to make
such claim in respect of, such registration. But any yerson desiring to
make such objection or claim muer lodge the same in writing, stating
the particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the
said office, before the expiration of the said three months, otherwise
he will be excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map may
be inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the
said three months.—Dated this 13th day of November, 1869.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
NGLE and Co., Solicitors to the Applicant.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 477.—In the Matter of
the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53.—No. 11, Heene-ter¬
race, West Worthing, Sussex.—Whereas, since the issuing of an ad¬
vertisement, dated the 31st day of July, 1866, of the intended registra¬
tion, with an indefensible title, on the application of the WEST
WORTHING INVESTMENT COMPANY (Limited), of the heredita¬
ments called or known as the West Worthing Estate, in the parish of
Heene, in the county of Sussex, containing 100a. 0r. 23p., or there¬
about, therein described as delineated on the Map No. 272, deposited
in the Office of Land Registry, a part thereof being the hereditaments
hereinafter described or referred to, has been sold and conveyed to
James Bird, late of Brook-green, Hammersmith, in the county of Mid¬
diesex, Esquire, deceased, in fee simple in possession; and whereas,
the said James Bird has since died, and his will, dated the 9th day of
Ju y, 1847, has been proved in the Principal Registry of Her Majesty's
Court of Probate by Charlotte Bird, of Brook-green, Hammersmith
aforesaid, widow, the sole executrix thereof; and whereas, the pro¬
ceedings for registration of the hereditaments hereinafter described
or refered to have been adopted by, or on behalf of, the person in¬
terested under the said will; Notice is hereby given, that the Registrar
intends, at the expiration of one calendar mouth from the date
hereof to REGISTER with an indefeasible title, the HEREDITA¬
MENTS in the parish of Heene, in the county of Sussex, being No. 11,
Heene-terrace, West Worthing, delineated on the Map No. 477, de¬
posited in the Office of Land Regi-try as part of the description of
the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with
the mines and minerals under the same ; and also together with rights
of user of the gardens and pleasure grounds shown on the same map
before and behind the said terrace. If any person objects to, or desires
to show cause against such registration, or claims that the same should
be subject to any conditions or reservatious, or that any particulur
estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved or ad¬
mitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the register, such
person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-¬
inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said one calendar
month, personally or by his solicifor or counsel, or by affdavit or
otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against, or
to make such claim in respect of such registration. But any per¬
son desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in
writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and ad.
dress thereto, in the said office, before the expiration of the said one
calndar month, otherwise be will be excluded from making the same.
The aforesaid Map, No. 477, may be inspected at the said office at any
time before the expiration of the said one calendar month. —Dated
this 13th day of November, 1860.
O. D. MORDAUNT. Chief Clerk.
AF. J. HAND, Solicitor to the Applicant.
MARTELLS BRANDY.—Caution.—All persons
are hereby cautioned against using any labels, capsules, brands,
or marks made in imitation of or only colourably differing from the
labels, capsules, brands, and marks used by Messrs. J. and F. Martell,
of Coguae, in the course of their business of exporters of brandy; and
notice is hereby given, that INJUNCTIONS have already been granted
by the High Court of Chancery of England, restraining the use by
certain wine merchants of labels, capsules, brands, and marks made
in imitation of or only colourably differing from the labels, capsules.
brands, and marks so used by Messrs. J. and F. Martell; and further
take notice, that on Messrs. J. and F. Martell agreeing not to prose¬
cute certain proceedings then about to be commenced by them against
Mr. James Finlay, lately of No. 4, Inner Temple, Dale-street, Liver¬
pool, merchant, but now of Aberdeen, N.B., with reference to the
user of labels made in imitation of the labels used by Messrs. J. and F.
Martell, he, the said James Finlay, addressed and sent to Messrs. J. and
F. Martell an apology and undertaking, from which the following is
an extract:—"I am now satisfied that the use of the latter labels was
improper, and that they were infringements of your registered label.
I therefore hereby apologize for my conduct in the transaction, and 1
undertake that the brandy hottled and labelled as aforesaid shall not be
represented sold,or offered for sale asy our botled brandy, and also that
alf the labels upon the bottles shall be removed therefrom immediately
on their arrival at Lagos, and I further undertake not to use any labels
made in imitation of or only colourably differing from the labels used
by you, and I authorize you to publish or otherwise make use of this
letter as you deem convenient, it being expressly agreed that no pro¬
ceedings are to be taken with reference to the transaction, either
against myself, my brother, or Messrs. Marcus Ward and Co., of Bel¬
fast, who printed the first-mentioned labels'; and notice is hereby fur¬
ther given, that procedings will be taken agalust any person or per¬
sons who shall affix or apply, or cause to be aflixed or applied, to any
bottles of brandy, or to any corks or to any cases containing bottles
of brandy, any labels, capsules, brands, or marks made in imitation of
or only colourably differing from the labels, cansules, brands, or marks
used by Messrs. J. and F. Martell, as aforesaid. —Dated this 27th day
of September, 1866.
W. and H. P. SHARP, 92, Gresham-house, Old Broad-street,
B. E .C. , Soioi ito eo.
Messrs. J. and F. Martell.
MATTHEW CLARK and SONS, London Agents of Messrs.
J. and F. Martell.
