YBOY.—Your silence is agony and more than I
can bear. Don't be so cruel. Let me come to you. Money
be forthcomng and all righted. Not too late. If you still love
don't keep me in suspense.—M.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—Lady; Missing.—
LEFT her HOME, at Manchester on Saturday morning, the 23d
November, 1872, a MARRIED LADY, about 33 years of age, low
stature, rather stout, dark complexion, rather large features, dark hair
and eyes, first joints of thumbs very short. Supposed to have been in a
depressed state of mind. Had on at the time a grayish silk dress, with
black and yellow spots, somewhat worn, and black silk pannier over it,
gray watarproof, gray fur collaretts, and muff to-match, greem silk
umbrella. Any person giving information as to her whereabouts or
which will lead to her recovery, shall be paid the above reward and all
expenses instantly. Apply at 79, Boomsbury, Oxford road. Man¬
onester, or at the Police-office, Cheapside, King-street, Manchocter.
IN CHANCERY Phelpsy Powell Pursuant to a Decree
of the Court made in the above cause all persons claiming to be
NEXT of KIN according to the statutes for the distrioution of
intestates estates of ANN HOARE SHAW deceased late of Hill
Street in the Town and County of Haverfordwest the wife of Taomss
Howel Shaw of No. 1 Somerset Terrace York road Bedminster in the
city and County of Bristol Gentleman living at at the time of her death
on the 18th of April 1871 and particularly all persons claiming to be
such next of kin threuch Robert Walker the Grandfather of the
said Ann Hoare phaw or the legal personal representatives of
persons claiming to be such next of kin living on the said
18th day of April 1871 since dead are by their Solicitors on or
before the 10 day of January 1873 to come in and prover their
claims at the chambers of the Vice Chancellor Sir John Wickens
Old square Lincoln Inn or in default thereof they will be peremptorily
excluded from the benefit of the said Decree Saturday the 18 day of
January 1873 at 12 of the clock at noon at the said chambers is an¬
pointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims. Dated this 26th

ROBERT W. PEAKE Chief Clerk.
VIZARD CROWDER £ Co. 55 Lincolus Inn Fields.
WANTED, the HEIR at LAW of JOHN-NASH,
Esquire, deceased, who resided in the parish of Saint Michael,
in the city of Bristol, and who died in or about the year 1822. Apply
to Messrs. Osborne, Ward, Vassall, and Co, solicitors, 41, Broad-street,
Bristol.
VICTORIA HOSPITAL for SICK CHILDREN.—
The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of
THIRTY POUNDS (£50) from Mrs. Everard Hambro, as adonation
in aid of the Funds of this Charity.—H. B. SCOONES, Secretal.
HOSPITAL for DISEASES of the THROAT,
Golden-square, W.—Patron, H.R.H. the Prince of WALES,
K.G.—The Committee of Management gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE
£10 10s. from Charies S. Hardy, Esq., and £5 5s. fro
Esq., in aid of the funds of this Institution.—GEO. C. WITHERBY,

THE COMMITTEE of the POOR CLERGY RE¬
LIEF CORPORATION, 36, Southampton-street, Strand, W. C.,
most sincere.
anoed g ratently to ACKNOWLEDRE the RECEIPT of
ONETHOUSAND POUNDS from G. A., paid to the account of the
Corporation by Messrs. Hoare and Co.—R. T. PIGOTT, Secretary.
MISSING, a PLATE-CHEST, containing various
articles of silver plate, each stamped with crest. The chest is
of nak, bound in metal, with the name, J. T. Cowan, engraved on a
brass plate. Any partes in whose custody it may now be, or who may
be able to give any information respecting it, are requested to commu¬
nicate to Arthur Cleveland Montagu and Co., County-chambers,
No. 14, Cornhill.
LOST, on Tuesday, December 10th (supposed at the
Agricultural-hall), a GOLD LOCKET, with monogram on each
side, a photograph of a lady and a lock of hair inside. TWENTY
SHILLINGS REWARD.—84, Regent's-park-road, N.W.
LOST, during, the morning of December 11th, a
LADYS GOLD LOCKET and CHAIN, the former contain¬
portrait. Supposed to have been lost in Oxford-street. A.
REWARD of THREE POUNDS will be given to anyone who shall
take the mis ing articles to 43, Gordon-square.
A SABLE MUFF LOST, at the afternoon perform¬
ance at Mrs. German Reed's on Saturday last, the 7th. A
REWARD will be given by the ow neron its delivery to General Becher,
care of Messrs. Grindlay and Co., 55, Parliament-street.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Satur¬
day, the 7th inst., at the Crystal Palace, or on the railway
journey from Brixton, a GOLD LOCKET, with monoeram, containing
the portrait and hair of a lady insine ; also a broad, flexible gold
chain attached. Whoever will take the same to Mr. Curryer, jeweller,
No. 375, Brixton-road, shall receive the above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday,
Dec. 9th, at the Park-gates, top of Mount-street, a BLACK and
TAN KING CHARLES SPANIEL. Answers to the name of
Charlie; had on an old leather collar. Was following a nurse and two
children. Whoever will take the same to 47, Mount-street, Grosvenor¬
square, shall receive the above reward.
BEADING, Berks.—If the party who picked up a
LADP'S POCKET-BOOK, made of Russian leather bound with
silver, with silver clasp at the Readin, Station, on Thursday afternoon,
December 5th, will deliver it to Mr. Beach, at No. 16, Craven-street,
Strand, no retitution will be required of its contents beyond the
memoranda and papers contained in it.
FOUND, Dec. 6, a SILK UMBRELLA. The finder
will be happy to return it on receiving full description and pay¬
ment of this advertisement.—E. S., General Post-office, Brighton.
FOUND, at the Birmingham Poultry Show, on the
2d inst., valuable PROPERTY, contained in a small piece of
baper. Whoever will give an accurate description of its conters, and
pay the cost of advertising, can have the same by applying to G. G.,
at Mr. Robinson's, bookseller, 36, Regent-street, Leamington.
FOLLOWED a GENTLEMAN from Wandsworth,
bnn Sunday last, a ROUGE-HAIRED, WHITE and TAN
BITCH. Apply at 2, Panl's-alley, St. Paul's churchyard.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT of PROBATE The
Principal Registry. To JOHN BLEASE of No. 63 Newark
Avenue, Jersey City in the State of New Jersey in the United States of
America Gentleman Take Notice that a CITATION has issued under
Seal of lier Majesty's Court of Probate dated the 4th day of Decem¬
ber 1872 whereby you and others are cited to appear in the Principal
Registry of the said Court within 30 days after the service thereof, and
to propound the allezed Will bearing date the ninth day of September
1371 in which you are named a legutee of Margaret Collin late of the
(torough of Sunderland in the County of Durham Smunster deceased
who died on the 29th day of May 1872 and aise to appear in support of
any interest you may have in the personal Estate and Effects of the said
deceased or to show cause why Pronate of the last Will and Testament
of the said deceased bearing date the 6th day of July 1869 should not
be granted to the Reverend Hanry Peters Clerk and John Kidson
Esqre the surviving lexecutors named in the said last mentioned Will
with an intimation that in default of your appearance and proceeding
as aforesaid the Court will proceed to hear the said last mentioned
Will proved in solemn form of law and to pronounce sentence in re¬
gard to the validity thereof.
EDWARD F. JENNER Registrar.
JOHNSON A COOTE Doctors Commons
Griys inn
Square f'rectors for the said Reverend Henry Peters &
John Kidson.
NOTICE is hereby given, that, by a Deed Poll under
my band and seal, dated the eleventh day of December, one
tuousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and intended to be forthwith
euroded in Her Majesty's lltgh Court of Chancery, 1, Henry Wilhiam
Keays-Young (heretofore known as Henry William Young), of Shorn¬
chile, in the county of Kent, a Captain in the 18th Rtoyal Irish
Regement of Foot, and Major of Lrigade at Shorncliffe, in the
county of Kent, hare declared that henceforth, as eldest male
representative of the famly of my maternal grandfather the late
Tueophilus Keays, Esquire, I shall on all occastons, and in all deeds and
written instruments, and in all proceedings and transactions, ADUPT.
Use, and Take the NAME of "KEAYS," befere and in conjunction
with that of "Young," and shall henceforth style and sign any name
as "Hlenry William Keays-Young," instead of Henry William Youny,
the name by which I have been hutherto known: and I desre in future
to be addressed by the Chri-tian and surnames of "Henry William
Keays-Young," and not as heretofore by the Christian and surname of
Henry William Young.—Dated this eleventh day of December, one
thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.
HENRY WILLIAM KEAYS-YOUNG.
Witness—George F. Eland, 4, Trafaigar-square, London, Solicitor.
TO CORRESPONDENTS.—RICHARDSON, TEE,
RYCROFT, and Co. advise their triends that, although their
linen weavers have been on strike during the past 12 weeks, they still
hold an ample STOCK of GOODS, and will be able to execute oniers
for most-kinds for months to come, either at bore spring Works.
Barnsley, Yorkshre: at the Union Bank Building, York-street, Man¬
chester; or at 7, Wod-street-square, Loudoa, E.C.
PRIZE ESSAY.—A PRIZE of 250 guineas is
offered for the best, and 150 gumeas for the second best, ESSAY
upon the following subject:—The Temperance Reformation: its Claims
upon the thristian Churce.
The following gentlemen have kindly consented to act as adjudi¬
cators:—
R. Payne Smith, D.D., Dean of Canterbury, late Regius Professor

y in the University of Oxford.
Proressor Calderwood, LL.D., Professor of Moral Philosophy, Uni¬
versity of Edinburgh.
Rev. G. W. Oiver, Principal of the Battersea (Wesleyan) Training
College.
Intending competitors may obtain a complete prospectus, with any
other information, on application to Messrs. Hodder and Stoughton,
No. 27, Paternoster-row, London.
Tweeve months will be given for the writing of the Essay,
IPPING FOREST COMMISSION.—The Epping
Forest Commissioners hereby give notice that, by Orders nated
respectively the 29th day of November, 1872, .

authority given to them for that purpose by the "Epping Forest
Amendment Act, 1872," they have ordered that until the expiration
of the Session of Parliament neat atter they shall have made their
final Report under the "Epping Foret Act. 1871," or until further
order, all persons whosoever s all be, and they are by the said Orders
prohibited from committing any waste, injury, or destruction of or to
the vert, herbage, trees, shrubs, or other growing things in or upon the
waste land of upping Forest aforesaid within the respective Manors of
Wan-tead with atone Hall and Theydon Bois, in the County of Essex
(including inclosures of waste lands within the said Manors respectively
mado within 20 years next preceding and since the 21st day of August
1871), and all whict lanas are distinguished on the plans respectively
annexed to the said Orders by the colour green, and all persons aflected
by the said Orders respectively, or either of them, are to be at liberty to
apply to the said Commissioners as there may be occasion. Copies of
the said orders and plans are deposited for inspection at the office of
the Commissioners, No. 6, Old Palace-yard, Westminster; the Castle
Hotel, Woodford; the Crown Hotél, Loughton; and the Cock Hotel,
Epping.—Dated this 2ad day of December, 1872.
T. P. WILKINSON, Clerk to the Epping Forest Commissionerr.
EXT of KIN.—Just out, third edition of ROBERT
CHAMBERSS INDEX to HEIRS-AT-LAW, Legatees, &c.
50,000 names. Letters A-Z. 1s, each, or complete, 10s. 6d. post free.
Stockwell-park-road, London, S.W., and all booksellers.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sance, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby."
CAUTION. —Ladies are informed that the only bona¬
fide improvements in LADIRS SADDLES, for hunting, India,
and colonies, have been made and registered by Messrs. LANGDON,
Duke-street, Manchester-square, London. No agents.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHERS QUEEN'S READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPE LAMP.—M. Pillischer finds it necessary
to caution the public against worthless imitations. Each genuine lamp
has the name "Pillischer" stamped in rehief on the burner.—58, New
Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA caution
the public against hawkers using their rame; and beg to state
they have no agents or travellers. Messrs. Negretti and Zambra's
optical establishments are only at Holborn-vladuct, 153, Fleet-street,
No. 122, Regent-street, 45, Cornhill, and at Crystal Palace, Sydenham.
CAUTION.—STRANGE'S Al CRYSTAL OIL.
It having come to our notice t at parties are selling an inferior
od under the name of Crystal oil, as our ofl the public are CAUTIONED
to bny only of our regular appointed agents, for whose address write.
—E..
d . TUDOR, 17, College-hill, Cannon-street, E.C.
CAUTION.—Messrs. HANCOCKS and Co.,
Goldsmiths. Jewellers, and Silversmiths to the Queen, the Prince
and Princess of Wales, and the Principal Courrs of Europe, &c.,
regret being compelled to CAUTION the public that their busines,
establiched by Mr. C. F. Hancock, is only carned on at the same
address, Nos. 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—STEEDMAN'S SOOTHING POW¬
DERS. The proprietor feels it necessary to give a special caution
against imitations of this family medicine. Purchasers, for their own
security, are requested carefplly to observe in every case that the words
John Steedman, chymist, Walworth, Surrey, are engraved on the Go¬
vernment stamp atfxed to each packet, without which they are not
genuine.
CAUTION.—Water Filters.—The LONDON and
GENERAL WATER PURIFYING COMPANY caution the
public that all its FILTERS have the Company's name on them, and
no others are genuine. It is also very essential that all letters snould
have the number of their depot in the Strand, to prevent mistakes and
disappointment, as numerous letters have miscarned when the number
has been omitted, For prices, &c., apply or address to 157, Strand, W. C.
CAUTION.—RED HEART RUM.—The public are
cautioned agamst fraudulent imitations of this celebrated spirit.
Owing to its greas success mn cases of low rever, choiers, diarrhees, and
overworked brain, this caution is rendered necessary. Sold only in
bottles, which hear the brand of Henry White and Co. on corks, cap¬
sules, and labels.—J. G. TURNEY, 61, King William-street, Lon¬
don, E.C., and 158, New Bond-street.
CAUTION.—A. S. LLOYD'S EUXESIS, for shaving
without soap or water.—R. HOVENDEN and SONS having pur¬
chased under an administration suit the business of the late A. Lloyd.
together with the receipt, trade mark, and goonwill of his celebrated
Euxesis, the public are cautioned that the original and genuine Euxesis
bears only the address of the orginal manufactory, 27, dilasshouse¬
street, Itegent-street, where it may be obtained as heretolore.
CAUTION NOTICE.—Trade Marks.—Messrs.
SAVORY and MOORE chymists to the Queen and Royal Families
of England, Hassia, &c., find it necessary to caution the nobility and
the pui i es
ally against sourious imitations of their proprietary
article. BEST FOUD for- INFANTS, which is registered, and pur¬
chasers should see that their trade mark is on every-label, with as
and address.—Savory and Moors, 143, New Bond-street, Los.

