LORD GRANVILLE THANKS a WORKMAN
at Sheerness, formerly of Hanley, for his honourable conduct.
A. M.—WRITE to your distressed mother,
righton.
IN., late of D—y, is earnestly requested to COM¬

—S G — — — —. S, Birmingham.—RETURN
HOME at once, all is settled; your friends are anxious about you.
LOST, on Monday nght, in or near Regent-street,
a small EMERALD SCARF PIN. Whoever brings the same
to 46, Brewer-street, W., shall be suitably REWARDET
LOST, on Wednesday evening, on leaving the St.
James's Theatre, a BLACK OPERA-GLASS. Whoever will
bring the same to Mr. Bubb's library, 167, New Bond-street, shall re¬
ceive ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD.
LOST, a GOLD WATCH and NECK-CHAIN, with
charms attached, between Brighton Station and Croydon and
Clapham Juuction. Whoever will bring the same to 49, Old Steine,
Brighton: or to the housekeeper, 8, Leadenhall-Street, shall be RE¬
WARDED.
LOST, on the afternoon of Tuesday the 7th inst., be¬
tween Haymarket and Waterloo Station, via Waterloo-bridge, a
LADY's GENEVA GOLD WATCH, with gold dial plate and drop

he housekeeper, at 12, Leaden¬
hall-street, shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
LOST.—THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT,
in Westminster Abbey, or in a cab which took up near the Abbey
about 4 p.m. on Sunday last, a BIBLE and PRAYER-BOOK (in one
volume), bound in black, with a gilt clasp, in a leather cover, and with
some photographs between the leaves. Whoever will bring the same
to Mr. Fleming, 10, Half-Moon-street, Piccadilly, shall receive the
above reward with thank
LEFT, in a Hansom CAB, on Monday, 6th Feb.,
1865, a PURSE. One-third of the contents will be given on being
brought to R. Stacey, stationer, 257, Euston-road.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
evening, 23t aes.
a Brixton-hill, a small PLAIN LIGHT
BROWN or STONE-COLOURED INDIAN SHAWL. To be brought
to Mr. Lockwood, stationer, 75, New Bond-street.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on Wednesday,
the8th inst., close to Hyde-park-square, a small BLACK and
TAN TERRIER DOG, with white streak on chest and gray muzzle.
On his being brought to 8, Upper Seymour-street west, Connaught-¬
square, the above reward will be paid.
SIX POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on January 30,
at Oxford, or in a Great Western Railway Carriage, a POCKET¬
BOOK, containing a £5 note, which the finder may retain, and will
receive in addition the reward of £1 on returning the pocket-book to
the owner, at 86, St. James's-street.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST, a BUNCH
of KEYS, between Essex-Street, Strand, and Featherstone-build¬
ings, Holborn. The above reward will be paid to the finder by applying
at the Essex Head, Essex-Street, Strand.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—DOG LOST, from
The Grove, Highgate-road, N.W.—a large black and white New¬
foundland dog; answers to the name "Byron." Whoever will bring
the same to 65, Long-acre, shall receive the above reward
TWELVE POUNDS REWARD will be paid on the
recovery of a PLAIN GOLD RING, set with a large thin bril¬
liant diamond; supposed to have been dropped between Cheapside and
Cannon-street west, on Saturday evening, by a man who is in custody.
Apply to J. Death, 55, Cheapside ; or Inspector Foulger, Bow-lane
Station.
THREE POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, in Prince's¬
street, Leicester-square, a SMALL BLACK and TAN SPANIEL
DOG (female); answers to the name of "Rosy." Whoever has found
the same and will bring it immediately to 21, Pentonville-road, near
Angel Inn, Islington, shall receive the above reward. No further

TO CABMEN and others. —LOST, between Charing¬
cross and Oxford-street, a PIECE of TISSUE PAPER, contain¬
ing two emeralds and one diamond. Whoever will bring the same
to 29, Gerrard-street, Soho, shall receive £10 REWARD.
FOUND, in a writing-case, a fine GOLD BREAST¬
PIN, with chased donkey and motto. The owner can receive
it on application to Messrs. Jenner and Knewstub, dressing-case makers,
jewellers, &c., 33, St. James's-street.
NEXT of KIN.—Shif.—The NEXT of KIN of S.
SHIFF, who died abroad ip 1860, are requested to apply to Mr.
Greenwood, Treasury, London.—February 8, 1865.
NEXT of KIN.—Whereas about Christmas, 1862,
the name of RICHARD PULLIN was advertised for. Any
one sending the said ADVERTISEMENT, or Copy of the same, to
M., 68, Hockley-hill, Birmingham, shall receive FORTY SHIL¬
LINGS REWARI
IF MARY, the daughter, and WILLIAM, the son,
of John HOWELL, of Haythog Mill, in the county of Pembroke,
clothier and miller, and Mary, his wife, both deceased (which said
Mary, the daughter, was born between the years 1773 and 1777, inclu¬
sive, and is believed to have gone, many years ago to London, and
there to have lived as a domestic servant: and which said William
was born in or about the year 1780 or 1781, and was for some time a
journeyman currier at Haverfordwest, which place he left when about
30 years of age, and afterwards resided and worked at his trade in
various parts of England, and was last heard of by his relatives about
40 years ago, at Hythe, in the county of Kent), or either of them, or
any child or children of them, or either of them, will apply to Mr.
William John or Mr. John William Phillips, both of Haverfordwest,
solicitors, SOMETHING will be HEARD of to the ADVANTAGE of
the applicant or applicants.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £130 New Three per Cent. Annuities.
heretof.
 standing in the names of SARAH PARKER, widow, and
JOHN RANKIN, gentleman, both of Epping, in Essex, and which
was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the
dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 10th October,
1854:—Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid, to John Rankin, the survivor, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £118 2s. 6d. New 3 per Cent.
Annuities, late New 4 per Cent. Annuities, substituted 5th July, 1822,
for £112 10s. Navy 5 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the
name of THOMAS CROSSLAND, of Chelsea, gentleman, deceased,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of
the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th
January, 1805; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of
three months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and
the Dividends thereon Paid to Henry Turnbull and Mary Ward.
widow, administrators, with the will annexed, de bonis non, of the said
Thomas Crossland, deceased, who have claimed the same unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 125.—
74, 76, and 78, Gray's-inn-road, St. Andrew's, Holborn, Middle¬
sex.—In the matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53,
notice is hereby given, that ou the application of THOMAS
PINKETT, of No. 27, Chenstow-villas, Bayswater, in the county of
Middlesex, gentleman, the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry
intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the date
hereof to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE all those HERE¬
DITAMENTS, formerly called or known as Nos. 36, 37, and 38, Gray's¬
inn-lane, but now called or known as Nos. 74, 76, and 78, Gray's-inn¬
road, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn, in the county of Middle¬
sex, in the tenure or occupation of Thomas MoFaden, Mrs. Jane
Hawker, and Mr. George Sutcliffe respectively, and which heredita¬
ments are delineated on the map, No. 125, deposited by the applicant
in the Office of Land Registry as part of the description of the same,
and therein edged with red, together with the mines and minerals
under the same hereditaments.
If any person objects to, or desires to show cause against such regis¬
tration, or claims that the same should be subject to any conditions or
reservations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or
liability, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should
be entered on the register with reference to such hereditaments, such
person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's¬
inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor, or counsel,
or by affidavit, or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause
against, or to make such claim in respect of such registration. But any
person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same
in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and ad¬
dress thereto, in the Office of Land Registry before the expiration of
the said three calendar months from the Cate hereof, otherwise
will be excluded from making the same.
The said map of the said hereditaments deposited in the Office of
Land Registry may be inspected at the said office at any time befors
the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof,
—Dated this 10th day of February, 1865.
D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
THOS. PINKETT, Applicant in Person
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 139.—
Nos. 25 and 26, George-street, in the parish of St. George, Hano¬
ver-square, in the county of Middlesex.—In the matter of the Act of
25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the
application of GEORGE DUDDELL, of No. 95, Piccadilly, in the
county of Middlesex, Esquire, the Registrar of the Office of Land
Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the
late herof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE all those
HEREDITAMENTS, called or known as Nos. 25 and 26, George¬
street, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square, in the county of
Middlesex, lately in the occupation of the late Lord Lyndhurst and Dr.
Hawkesley respectively, but now in hand, bounded on the west by the
said street, and on the east by Masons' Arms-yard, and which heredi¬
taments are delineated on the map, No. 139, deposited by the appli¬
cant in the Office of Land Registry as part of the description of the
same, and therein edged with red, together with the mines and mine¬
rals under the same hereditaments.
If any person objects to, or desires to show cause against such regis¬
tration, or claims that the same should be subject to any conditions or
reservations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or
liability, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should
be entered on the register with reference to such hereditaments, such
person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-¬
inn-fields, at any time bofore the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel,
or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause
against, or to make such claim in respect of such registration. But any
person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same
in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and ad¬
dress thereto, in the Office of Land Registry before the expiration of
the said three calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise he
will be excluded from making the same.
The said map of the said hereditaments deposited in the Office of
Land Registry may be inspected at the said office at any time before
the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof.
—Dated this 10th day of February, 1865
MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
BROOKS and DU BOIS, Solicitors to the Applicant,
No. 7, Godliman-Street, Doctors'-commons.
TO UMBRELLA and PARASOL DEALERS and
the PUBLIC.—The remarkable durability of the PARAGON
FRAMES for UMBRELLAS is exemplified by a fact which has re¬
cently come to the knowledge of SAMUEL FOX and Co., viz; that
these frames are frequently taken out of old umbrellas and put into
new ones, and the extent to which this is done by some manufac¬
turers compels the patentees, Samuel Fox and Co., to notice it, and
to invite particular attention to their label, having their trade mark as
well as their name, which they issue only with new frames, and which
should be placed inside each umbrella or parasol. Samuel Fox and
Co.'s frames, made of solid steel wire, are warranted in every way; they
are charged one penny per umbrella or parasol more than the frames
of other makers. Samuel Fox and Co.'s patent pebble tips are used
as an additional mark to denote their special manufacture, they are
charged without profit, and are of extreme strength and durability,
and will last as long as the frames; the various imitations of these
tips also necessitate reference to the label of S. Fox and Co.—Deepear,
near Sheffield, January, 1865.
MARRIAGE LAW REFORM ASSOCIATION,
instituted for the exclusive object of Promoting the Passing of
an Act to render Lawful Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister.—
Information respecting the law applicable to these Marriages, in this
and foreign countries, may be obtained on application, personally or
by letter, at the offices of the Association; where may also be had
numerous publications, showing the opinions of eminent statesmen,
divines, and others, in favour of the repeal of the present prohibition.
There is now no known country in the world, except our own where
a man may not contract a lawful marriage with
tiei t e se w i fe's
siste.
JOSEPH STANSBURY, M.A., Hon. Sec.
No. 21, Parliament-street, S.W., Londn.
ne e February, 1865.
MIDDLESEX.—Notice is hereby given, that the
GENERAL SESSION of the PEACE for the county of Middle¬
sex, which commenced on Monday, the 6th day of February inst., at
the Sessions-house for the said county, on Clerkenwell-green, will be
continued and held by adjournment at the said Sessions-house on
Thursday, the 23d day of February inst., on which day, at 12 o'clock
precisely, the business relating to the assessment, application, or
management of the county stock or rate will commence. —Dated this
8th day of February, 1865.
RICHD. NICHOLSON, Clerk of the Peace.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—HERCULES FIRE
and LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY (Limited), from 94, Can¬
non-street, to 33, Poultry, London, E.C.
HENRY ROGERS, SONS
1doo.,
Woly
hamp¬

bae n the county of Stafford, and of 19, Rue The  er
Parls,
and elsewhere, merchants, hereby give notice, that no one is
aut.
ieedtn
ive out orders in their name from th a
elr i e
 house.
tie e e on
th e erhampton house.—
8th February, 1865.
DR. FALCONER, F.R.S., and Prof. CHRISTIE
F.R.S., PHOTOGRAPHED from life by ERNEST EDWARDS,
B.A., price 1s. 6d. each, may be ordered from any stationer or dealer
in photographs.—20, Baker-street, Portman-square, W.
