G. N. 15, Nothing to tell. Look forward to
yours of Wednesday. Join me on 3rd by stages, cortainly; so
have decided finally. Wire secure till 20th.
IF Mr. JOHN COZENS will CALL at 186, Bucking¬
ham Palace-road, London, S.W., his third daughter will be pleased
to see him; or write to her.
LEWIN BAILEY, late of Watford, Hertfordshire,
and of Hertford-s, Mayfair, London, and also of Ascot.
Berkshire, or any person who knows his address, will oblige by COM¬
MUNICATING with Mr. Dewy, Solicitor, 64, Mark-lane, London.
MAUD to WILLIE.—Trusting to your promise to
send within 21 days after Christmas, I agreed to pay the money
for the property on the 18th. WRITE at once. Please send part if
you cannot all, or I shall lose my bargain.
IF WILLIAM FREDERICK MORDAUNT, who in
the year 1870 resided at 31, Victoria-park-road, South Hackney,
Middlesex, will COMMUNICATE at once with Messrs. Denton, Hall,
and Fox, of 15, Gray's-inn-square, or Mr. J. Porry Godfroy, of 6,
South-square, Gray's-inn, in the County of Middlesex, Solicitors, be
will hear of something to his advantage.
FIVE HUNDRED POUNDS.—To the Clorgy
Parish Clerks, and others.—FIVE HUNDRED POUNDS
REWARD will be paid to any person who shall first supply
CERTIFIED COPY of the genuine ENTRY of the MARRIAGE of
WILLIAM HENRY RICKETTS or JERVIS and CECILIA JANE
VINET, between January 1st, 1800, and Octobor 10th, 1802. (The
name of Jervis was assumed June 10th, 1801.) The marriage is be¬
lieved to have taken place privately, and was kept secret for family
reasons. Application to be made to Mr. A. M. White, Solicitor.
North-hill, Colchester,
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—ABSCONDED, on
the 17th December, 1878, charged on a warrant with obtaining
by faise pretences a Dock Warrant for the deliverr and transfer of
Five Cases of Coffee, with intent to defrand, JOHN LOUIS HORN,
alias HUDSON, late of 3 Vansittart-street, Deptford, Warehouse¬
man. Age 24, beight 5ft. 11, fair complexion, light brown hair (curly),
lower lip rather protrading, top lip much curled, and has cut mark in
centre, as if it had been sewn for hare lip; no hair on face, good¬
looking, dressed respectably. The above reward will be paid by
Messrs. Linklater and Co., Solicitors, 7, Walbrook, to any person who
shall give to the Inspector, Detective Department, 26, Old Jewry, such
information as shall lead to the apprehension of the said John Louis
Horn.—City Police-office, Lon ion, Jan. 14th, 1879.
WILLIAM SELBY deceased. Pursuant to an order
of the County Court of Norfolk holden at Norwich dated the
11th day of December 1873 and Made in an action "Selby against
Green" WILLIAM SELBY (the son of William Selby late of Lynn
Regis in the County of Norfork Unitarian Minister deceased the
Testator in the proceedings in the said action named) is if living, or if
dead the child or childrenjof the said William gelby the sor who were
living on the 3rd day of June 1868, and the legal personal representa¬
tive of any such child who may be singe dead, are to send their
names and addresses, and the proofs of ther relationship, addressed
to the Registrar of the above Court at his office 28 Castle Meadow
Norwich aforesaid by the 19th day of May 1879, or in default thereof
they widl be peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the said order.
Saturday the 17th day of May 1879 at 12 o'clock at noon at the Regie¬
trar's office aforesaid is appointed for heiring and adjudicating upon
the claims of any such person as aforesaid. Dated the 14th day of
January 1879
GEO. FRED. COOKE Registrar.
HORATIO EMMOTT, deceased.—Christopher
Emmott or his Children. Pursuant to a judgment of the High
Court of Justice Chancory Dirision, dated the 10th May. 1878, made
in the action in the Matter of the Estate of Horatio Emmott, de¬
ceased, "Emmott and others v. Low, 1878, E 36, the following in¬
quiry was directedi:—An inquiry who were the NEXT of KIN, accord¬
ing to the Statutes for the distribution of Intestates' Estates, of the
testator HORATIO EMMOTT, deceased, living at the time of his
death, and whether any of them are since dead, and if so, who are
their respective legal representative or representatives. The persons
claiming to be next of kin of the said Horatio Emmott, late of
No. 12, Gore-crescent. Viotoria-park, South, Hackney, Middlesex,
England, living at the time of his death, on the 27th February, 1878.
or to be the legal personal representatives of such of the next of kin
as are now dead, are by their solicitors on or before the 28th February,
1879, to come in and prove their claims at the Chambers of Vice¬
Chancellor Malins, No. 3, Stone-buildings, Chancery-lane, London, or
in default thereof they will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit
of the said judgment. Tuesday, the 11th March, 1879, at 12 o'clock at
noon at the said Chambers, is appointed for hearing and adjudicating
upon the claims. N.B.—The above named Christopher Emmott was
a half brother of the testator Horatio, and, when last heard of, in
April, 1869, was residing at New York, and was, it is believed, then
married. He, if living, or if he predeceased the testator, his children
would be of kin to the testator Horatio Emmott. —Dated this 23rd day
of December 1878.
ALFRED RAWLINSON, Chief Clerk.
INGLEDEW, INCE, and GREENING, St. Benet-chambers,
Fenchurch-Street, London, E.C., Solicitors.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £565 5s. 7d. New £3 pe
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of Sir GEOFFREY
PALMER, of Cariton-park, County of Northampton, Baronet;
 rTHUR THOLLOPE, of Lincoln's-inn, Esq.; CHARLES YKE¬
HAM MARTIN, of Leeds Castle, Kent, Esq.; and Rev. FRANCIS
PALMER, of Carlton-park, County of Northampton, Clerk, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of
the Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th April,
1867; Notice is hereby given that, ontthe expiration of three months
from this date January 17, 1879) the said Stock will be Transferred,
and the Dividends thereon Paid to Sir Geoffrey Palmer, Baronet;
Arthur Trollope, and Rev. Francis Paimer, the survivors, who have
claimed the same, uuless some other claimant shall sooner appear and
make out his claim thereto.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD will be paid by the
Proprietors of the British Architect on PROOF of AUTHOR¬
StIP of LETTER, signed Fair Play appearing in their pater of
the 8th November, 1878, reflecting on Clark's Patent Noiseless Steel
shutter. Address Proprietors of the British Architect, Bouverie¬
street, London, E.C., or Cross-street Manchester,
MORTH-EASTERN HOSPITAL for CHILDREN.
Hackney road, E.—The Committee beg to ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEIPT of the following DONATIONS, viz.:—Mrs. E.stanley,
por S. Pace Fsq. £50; The Worshipful Company of Poulterers, £5 54.
ALFD. NIXON, Secretary.
CHELSEA HOSPITAL for WOMEN, King's-road,
S.W.—The Committee of Management most thankfully
ACKNOWLEDGE the following CONTHIBUTIONS Q., £5; and
Miss Rous. £2
o n n re urgently needed for building the new
hospitai.—J. S. WOOD, Secretary.
DREADNOUGHT.—SEAMEN'S HOSPITAL,
Gtreenwich, S.E.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEIPT of the following SUMS, towards the £6,000 required to
enable them to defray the current expenses of the present year:—
H. B., £2; T. W. Lloyd, Esq., J.P., £3.—HENRY C. BURDETT.
Secretary.
THE ROYAL ALBERT ORPHAN ASYLUM,
Collingwood Court, Bagshot Surrey.—The Managing Committee
beg to return their most grateful THANKS to the Worshipful Com¬
pany of Poulters for their DONATION of £5 5s., in aid of the funds of
this Institution.—WILLIAM WORRELL, Secretary.—Offices, 18,
Newgate-street, E.
THE FOUR POUNDS REWARD for GOLD
BRACELET, with famy miniature on clasp, could not be ac¬
knowledged cartier, as the money was only received last night. The
mistake in posting nearly prevented its delivery. Please send all
further compunications direct, and write one line that you have seen
this, to ee iiee.
TO BILL DISCOUNTERS, Bankors, and others.—
Whereas, SIX BILLS of EXCHANTE, drawn upon and ac¬
cepted by the London and River Plate Bank, London, have been
LOST, or gone astray, all persons are hereby CAUTIONED against
dealing with the same. The bills (seconds of exchange) were drawn
at Montevideo, and were accepted by the Bank on the 2d of January;
being specially endorsed, they cannot be negotiated without a furgery.
The amounts are as follows:—£1,163 2s., £368 1s 7d, £3e" 12s. 81.,
£219 7s. 6d., £303 16s. 8d., £110 13s. 11d. Information to be given to
Messrs. Boot and Clements, 7, Mark-lane, London.—15th Jan., 1870.
ETROPOLITAN POLICE-OFFICE.—FOUND,
in a Cab, on the 9th inst., a GOLD SCARF PIN, shape of a
Bramah key, set with diamonds. Application to be made at the Lost
Property Office, Great Scodland-yar.

F.R.—ESTABLISHMENT and DOG LICENCES.—
INLAND REVENUE OFFICE, London, 1st January, 1879.
THE Commissioners of Inland Revenue hereby
remind persons who keep a Carriage or a Male Servant, or who
use Armorial Bearings, that LICENCES for the year 1879 must be
taken out before the end of the current month of January, or within
21 days after first becoming liable to the Duty. Penalties are in¬
curred if the Licences are not taken out. Forms of the declaration
to be made whon the Licences are applied for may be not at any
Inland Revenue Office, Stamp office, or Money Order office, if not
alre ady delivered by the officer.
When a Dog is keet a Licence must be taken out at once. A decla¬
ration is not required The duty is now 7s. 6d. for each Dog, Certifi¬
cates of exemption for Dogs kept solely for tending Sheen or Cattle
on a farm may be obtained from the local supervisor. Without such
certificate all Dogs over six months old are liable to duty.
THE ARTISANS and LABOURERS' DWEL¬
LINGS IMPROVEMENT ACT, 1875.—The Metropolis (Great
Wild-street, &c.) Improvement Provisional Orders Confirmation Act.
1877.—METROPOLIS (OLD PYE-STREET, WESTMINSTER)
IMPROVEMENT SCHEME.—Arbitrator's Provisional Award.—in
pursuance of the Artisans and Labourers' Dwellings Improvement
Act, 1875, and the Metropolis (Great Wild-street, &c.) Improvement
Provisional Orders Confirmation Act. 1877, 1, the undersigned, the
Arbitrator appointed by Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the
Home Department to assest the compensation to be paid under the
said Acts, do hereby give notice that I have made my PROVISIONAL
AWARD, and that a copy thereof has been deposited at the office of
the Metropolitan Board of Works, Spring-gardens, S.W., being the
office of the local authority under the said Act. And I further give
notice that I have appointed Tuesday, the 18th day of February next,
at 10.30 a.m., to hear objections, if any, to such award, at the Sur¬
veyors Institution, 12. Great George-street, Westminster, S.W. Per¬
sons proposing to appeal are requested to forward a statement of
their objections to me at my office, 45, Parliament-street, West¬
minster, on or before Saturday, the 8th day of February. — Dated this
1st day of January, 1879.

 HENRY A. HUNT.
GHARITABLE BEQUESTS.—Notice is hereby given
that MARY NEWMAN late of No. 61 Lower Baggot Street in
the City of Dublin Spinster did by her last Will and Testament in
writing bearing date the 19th day of June 1873 GIVE devise and
bequeath unto the Trustees of the GERMAN HOSPITAL at Dalston
in London for the time being their successors and assigns for ever her
fee simple LANDS of FLEMINGSTOWN and MULLICASH and all
other lands in the County of Kildare in ireland held under her by the
Representatives of the late Robert Latouche upon trust to pay and
appry the rents issues and profits thereof towards the benevolent de¬
signs of that Institution and of said Will appointed Catherine Letitia
Nugent of No 61 Lower Baggot Street in the City of Dublin Spinater
and Thomas Kift of Proby Park Dalkey in the County of Dublin
Solicitor Executors and that Probate of said Will was on the and day
of December 1878 granted forth of the Principal Registry of The Pro¬
bate and Matrimonial Division of the High Court of Justice in Ire¬
land to the said Catherine Letitia Nugent and Thomas Kift who
proved same. Dated this 15th day of January 1879.
KIFT E COSGRAVE Solicitors for said Executors No. 69 Middle
Abbey Street Dublin
To The Commissioners for Charitable Donations and Bequests
for Ircland and all others-concerned.
CHARITY COMMISSION.—In the Matter of the
CHARITY founded by JOHN BANCKS, by Indenture dated
12th May, 1619 and in the Matter of the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853
to 1869.—The Trustees of this Charity propose, under the authority of
the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, to
effect an EXCHANGE of certain PROPERTY belonging to the said
Charity, which is described in the first schedule hereto, for certain
property belonging to the trustees of the will of Thomas Henry
Allen Poynder, late of Upper Brook-street, Groavenor-square, in the
county of Middlesex, which is described in the second schedule
hereto; the expenses of and incidental to the said exchange and its
completion being defrayed in equal shares by the said parties respec¬
tively.
Further particulars may be ascertained from Mr. Chas. T. Lane,
Solicitor, Lombard-court, Lombard-street, E.C., where a plan showing
the properties may be inspected.
Any objection or proposal relative to the said exchange may be
notified to the Commissioners, in writing, addressed to their Secre¬
tary, Whitehall, London, S.W., within 21 days from the publication
of this notice.
HENRY M. VANE, Secretary.
Dated the 2d day of January, 1879.
First Schedule.—A plece of Freehold Pasture Land part of an
estate called Wace's Cottage, situate in or near a road called Yeroury¬
road, at Holloway, in the parish of St. Mary, Islington, in the county
of Middlesex.
Second Schodule.—A piece of Freehold Pasture Land adjoining to
the last-mentioned premises, and abutting also on Mercer's-road, in
the same parish.
NOTICE is hereby given, that on Monday, the tenth
day of March, 1879, being the first day of the General Sessions
of the Peace to be held in and for the county of Middlesex in the
month of March next, APPLICATION will be made to Her Majesty's
Justices of the Peace assembled at General Sessions, in and for the
county of Middlesex, at the Sessions-house, Clerkenwell-green, in the
said county, for an ORDER to STOP and DIVERT a certain HIGH¬
WAY, situate near Highbury, adjoining the old public way cailed
Gypsey-lane, which is situate at and forms part of the northern
boundary of the parish of St. Mary, Islington, in the said county of
Middlesex, and which is more particularly described as commencing
near the Green-lanes on the east, and extending to the King's-road
on the west, as lies between Riversdale-road and King's-road, and is
of the length of about 650 feet, and abuts on the garden walls at the
back of the houses in Brownswood-park, in the parish of St. Mary,
Hornsey, in the said county; and that in lieu thereof Mr. Horatio
Frank Tilsley has formed a certain new road 50 fest in width turning
out of the Riveradale-road, and about 120 feet from its junction with
the present Gypsey-lane, and which new road is more particularly
described on the plan hereinafter mentioned, and runs in the same
direction as Gypsey-lane aforesaid; and that the certificate of two
Justices having viewed the said old highway, and proof given to their
satisfaction of the several notices required by the Statute having been
published, with the plan of the old and proposed new highways, will
be lodged with the Clork of the Peace for the said county on the
seventh day of February next.
By order of the Vestry of the parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the
county of Middlesex, this 8th day of January, one thousand eight
hundred and seventy-nine.
JOHN LAYTON, Clerk of the Vestry of St. Mary,
Islington, in the county of Middlesex the Vestry
executing the office of Surveyor of Highways in
the said parish.
MADAME TAGLIONI begs to inform her Friends
that she has RETURNED to 6, Connaught-square.
