COUTE QUI COUTE.
ARS. T. RECEIVED MARY JONES's LETTER,
Many thanks. Mr. B. been very ill. Same address
GIPSEY.—I was very sorry that I could not accept
the invitation; I sent an answer as you wished. I hope I may
be able to speak to you this week; I shall probably be away next.—
Feb. 1.
K, a Creole, the wife of the late
W. H....., an officer in Her Majesty's Customs at Berbice,
West Indies, is requested to SEND her ADDRESS to Mr. Pollaky,
private inquiry office, 13, Paddington-green, London, W.; 
lady being anxious to communicate with her upon a subject of great
importance.
IF Mr. J. T. O'L., who left Dublin for London by
night mail on the 13th inst., will CALL on, or send his address
to, Mr. Simpson, Private Inquiry-office, Devereux-court, Temple, he
will receive good news from home.
BETHNAL-GREEN DISPENSARY (BUILDING
FUND).—The Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE 10 gui
neas from John Taber, Esq., through Rev. E. Coke, St. James's Par
onage, Bethnal-green.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—MISSING, JAMES
McMILLAN, of 19, King-street, Stepney, an officer of Customs
Was last seen at 4.40 in the afternoon of Friday, the 2d of February
inst., at the Custom-house at the London Docks, when he left his duty
for the purpose, as is supposed, of proceeding to his home which he
did not reach, and has not since been heard of. He is 47 years of age
about 5 feet 6 inches high, rather robust; had dark beard and mou¬
tachios, bald head; dressed black hat with band (maker's nan,
"Ponder, Back-road, St. George's-East"), brown great coat, dar
mixture undercoat, black waistcoat, dark trousers, shoes with spring
sides, and fancy shirt. Whoever may give such information to hif
wife, relatives, police, or at the Office of the Controller of the Out
door Department at the Custom-house, London, as may lead to the
discovery of the said James McMillan, alive or dead, shall receive the
above reward. CHARLES HUNT, Controller of the Out
door Department.
ustom-house, London, Feb. 16, 1866.
LOST, about the 7th instant, in the neighbourhood
of Cambridge-terrace, Bayswater an OLD BLACK TERRIE
DOG, gray in the muzzle. A REWARD of SEVEN SHILLINGS and
SIXPENCE will be paid to any one who will forthwith bring it sounc
to 47, Lancaster-gate, Bayswater.
LOST, a CARVED PINK CORAL BRACELET
in morocco case, lined green velvet. Left in a 2d class compart
ment of the train which left Farringdon-street for Bishop's-road be
tween 12 and 12.30 noon, on Thursday, the 15th inst. Whoever may
—
Queen's-road, Bayswater, shal
receive a REWARD of TWO GUINEAS.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday,
8th inst., in or near the London Tavern, a PACKET of DOCU
MENTS relating to a Mining Company. Whoever will bring it to th
address therein mentioned shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in a cab, which
took up at 6, Pall-mall east, and set down at the Lyceu
Theatre at 7 o'clock on Tuesday evening, Feb. 13, a GOLD CABLI
BRACELET, with ball lecket attached. The above reward will b
—
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday
afternoon, February 5th, in Bayswater-road, corner of Lancaster
gate, a smooth BLACK and TAN TERRIER DOG; answers to the
name of "Jack." Had on a plain leather collar, with a bell attached
Whoever will bring the same to 16, Kensington-park-terrace, Notting
hill, 6.30 p.m., shall receive the above reward. No further rewar
will be offered.
CHELTENHAM.—LOST, at noon on Monday
last, February 12th (supposed to have been dropped at the Grea
Western Station), a DEAD GOLD COIL BROOCH, with a minias
ture at back. Whoever has found the same, and will bring it t
Messrs. Martin and Co.'s, Imperial-circus, Cheltenham, shall receive
TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD.
BRACELET LOST (supposed to have been left in
a cab), on Thursday afternoon, 15th inst. Plain gold band
raised centre with six emeralds. Initials F. C. inside band, near th
clasp. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. B. L. Smith, tobacconist
opposite the Royal Oak, Bayswater, shall receive THREE POUNDS
.
DOG LOST (TWO POUNDS REWARD), in
Chapel-place, Cavendish-square, Feb. 15—a very small, Iror
Gray Scotch Terrier. Any one bringing the same to No. 2, Chapel
place, shall receive the above reward.
THE GROSVENOR HOTEL, Belgravia, S.W.—
On Saturday last, a PURSE was FOUND on the steps of the
above hotel. The owner may have it returned by applying to th
Manager.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Stock.—Appli
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduct
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £100 Consolidated £3 per Cent
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of THOMAS WAY
LAND, of Hayes, Middlesex, ostler, deceased, and which was trang
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividend
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1832;—Notic
is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid
to Thomas Copas, administrator, with will annexed de bonis non, of
Thomas Wayland, deceased, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
CAUTION.—WESTON's PATENT PULLEM
BLOCKS.—In Chancery: Tangye v. Stott. Before His Honon¬
Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P. Wood and a Special Jury, December 11th
12th, 13th, 15th, and 16th, 1865 ; and before His Honour on motion
for a new trial and motion for a decree, February 8th and 12th, 1866
The special jury having found a verdict for the plaintiffs, and Hi
Honour Vice-Chancellor Wood having made a decree for a perpetual
injunction to restrain the defendant, James Stott, of Rochdale, from
infringing Weston's Patent, and ordering the defendant to deliver t
the plaintiffs all articles made according to the invention, and to pa
to the plaintiffs the costs of the suit; All persons are hereby cau
tioned against manufacturing, purchasing, or selling any Differentis
Pulley Blocks similar to Weston's Patent not manufactured by th
plaintiffs. Application will for thwith be made to the Court of Chan
cery for INJUNCTIONS against all persons who may be found in
fringing Weston's Patent after this notice. The blocks may 
obtained from the plaintiffs wholesale agents, S. and E. Ransome and
Co., 31, Essex-Street, Strand, London, W.C.—J. Henry Johnson
No. 47, Lincoln's-inn-fields, London, Plaintiff's Solicitor.
DUC de MONTEBELLO's CHAMPAGNES.—
Caution.—Whereas an INJUNCTION in Chancery has bee
obtained in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Gemmer," restrainin
the defendant and all others from selling or parting with sundry case
of Rhenish wine, imported from Rotterdam, containing bottles bearin
imitation Duc de Montebello labels and corks, and further prohibitin
the importation or sale of all wines bearing such imitation labels of
corks; and whereas, in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Jebens," trie
in the Tribunal Correctionnel of Havre, a parcel of 250 cases, contain
ing 3,000 bottles of wine, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello label
and corks, scized by the French Customs' authorities (the said spuriou
wines having been sent from Germany and Havre to be thence shipped
to England, and thus, through the colourable importation from a French
port, to avoid detection on arrival here), were adjudged to be confist
cated; all persons are hereby cautioned against dealing with spurion
Champagues bearing imitation Duc de Montebello labels and corks.
TAMPLIN and TAYLER, 156, Fenchurch-Street, E.C.,
Solicitors to the Plaintiff.
R. SYMONDS and SON, 3, Ingram-court, 167, 168, Fen
church-street, E.C., Agents to the Plaintiff.
DUC de MONTEBELLO's CHAMPAGNES.—
R. SYMONDS and SON direct the special attention of the trade
to the preceding CAUTION, as renewed attempts are being made t
introduce spurious wines, bearing forged Duc de Montebello labels and
corks. These spurious wines are mostly imported vis Rotterdam.
FFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 264.—Th
King's Arms Hotel, the Union Bank, and Land adjoining
Croydon, Surrey—In the matter of of the Act 25th and 26th Victoria
chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the application of THOMA
LEEDHAM ROBINSON, of Croydon, in the county of Surrey, Esq
the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry intends, at the expiratio
of three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with
an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS in the High-street
Croydon, in the county of Surrey; comprising the messuage or tene
ments called or known as "The King's Arms Hotel," and the
stables, outbuildings, and ground thereto belonging, in the tenurse
or occupation of James Pearse Budden; the messuage or tenemer
called or known as "The Union Bank," in the occupation of Georg
Chasemore and the applicant, and land adjoining; all which said
hereditaments contain la. 2r., or thereabout, and are delineated of
the map No. 264, deposited in the Office of Land Registry a
part of the description of the same, and therein edged with red
together with the mines and minerals under the same here
ditaments. If any person objects to, or desires to show cause against
such registration, or claims that the same should be subject to an
conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or incum
brance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before th
Registrar, should be entered on the register with reference to sucl
hereditaments, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Re
gistry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration o
the said three calendar months from the date hereof, personally or b
his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such ob
jection, or to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect of
such registration. But any person desiring to make such objection of
claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof
and with his name and address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry
before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the dat
hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from making the same. The 
said map of the said hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land
Registry may be inspected at the said office at any time before the ex
piration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof.,
Dated this 17th day of February, 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
THOMAS LEEDHAM ROBINSON, Applicant in person.
FIRE in OXFORD-STREET.—COWTON and Co
beg to OFFER their hearty THANKS to their friends and
neighbours for the prompt and energetic aid rendered at the time o
the disastrous confiagration on the adjoining premises. Cowton and
Co. respectfully inform their numerous patrons that the saloon re
cently erected for them from the designs of M. Digby Wyatt, Esq.,
with its costly decorations and works of art in stereochromic painting
&c., happily escaped injury, and as very little damage occurred to their 
factory and other warerooms they are enabled to continue their busi
ness operations without interruption.—314, Oxford-street, next door
to Messrs. Laurie and Marners.
NOTICE.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.
Nos. 38 and 39, Bruton-street, Bond-street, jewellers and silver
smiths to the Queen, and the Prince and Princess of Wales, feel com
pelled (in consequence of advertisements which are likely to mislead
the public) to announce that they are not connected, either in business
or by relationship, with any other house in London. Their only
address is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, Bond-street.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE OFFICE (established
1857, at 5, Church-court, Clement's-lane, Lombard-street), RE¬
MOVED to 13, Great Carter-lane Doctors'-commons. PRIVATE
confidential, and important INQUIRIES conducted by JOHN
LEWIS, 17 years an officer in the City of London Police.
STATUARY.—Any gentleman having TWO
MARBLE STATUES, to stand in niches 18in, semi-circle and 5ft. 
high, may HEAR of a PURCHASER by addressing a letter, with
description and price, to Mr. F. Saunders, 10a, Glocester-road, Ken
sington, W.
LONUMENTAL SCULPTURE.—The Carrara
Marble Works: established 1820.—Monuments, Tablets, Tombs,
Memorial Crosses, &c.—INSCRIPTIONS rendered IMPERISHABLI
by
SETTERS in SOLID LEAD. Export orders.—T. GAFFIN,
No. 63, Quadrant, Regent-street, W. Manufactory, Westminster, S.W.
MONUMENTAL BRASSES, Crosses, and
Inscription Plates for CHURCHES, arms, crests, and mono
grams engraved on seals, dies, and silver plate. Crests, 6s.; book plates.
12s.—E. MATTHEWS, heraldic engraver, 377, Oxford-street. Esta¬
blished 1810.
MONUMENTAL.—IMPERISHABLE INSCRIP.
TIONS on MARBLE in SOLID LEAD, as introduced from
Italy, with unfailing success, by Mr. E. J.PHYSICK, sculptor, are only
to be obtained at The Monumental Works, 136, Marylebone-road, ad¬
joining Baker-street, London. Designs for monuments, tablets, &c.,
forwarded upon application, stating particulars, &c., to Mr. Physick.
MONUMENTS, &c. MILLWARD and Co.,
Monumental Sculptors, and Marble, Stone, and Granite Mer¬
chants. Designs and estimates forwarded upon application. Country
and export orders promptly executed. Branch works at Abney-park,
Highgate, Kensal-green, &c.; central office, 10, Great Russell-street,
Bloomsbury, W.C.
COX and SON's CATALOGUE of MONUMENTS,
tomb rails, headstones, memorial brasses, &c., designed by eminent
architects, with prices, sent for six stamps. The modern progress of
ecclesiology has led to a general condemnation of the barbarous taste
which formerly prevailed in this respect, and to a desire for the adoption
of more correct forms. The present catalogue is a contribution to¬
wards this desideratum, and as the designs here illustrated are exe¬
cuted at Messrs. Cox and Son's own workshops, they can combine
economy of production with excellency of workmanship and materials,
—Cox and Son, ecclesiastical warehouse and show rooms, 28 and 29,
Southampton-street, Strand; manufactory, Belvedere-road, Lambeth
FOR FAMILY ARMS, send name and county to
CULLETON's Heraldic office. Plain sketch, 3s. 6d.; coloured,
6s.; arms, crest, and motto nicely painted in correct heraldic colours,
12s.; the arms of man and wife biended together ; the proper heraldic
colours for servants' liveries; correct information how to obtain a new
grant of arms, the cost of same; pedigrees traced, and wills searched.
Just complete, a valuable Index, containing the arms of nearly every
family in the kingdom, extracted from various records, and nowhere
else to be found. The Manual of Heraldry, 400 engravings, 3s. 6d.
Book of Family Arms, Crests, &c., now ready. 3,000 engraved coats,
embossed in various colours, price seven guineas, by T. Culleton, seal
engraver, 25, Cranbourn-street, corner of St. Martin's-lane.
MONOGRAMS, Coronets, Crests, and Mottoes, or
Address Dies Engraved for nothing if an order be given for
a guinea box of stationery, to contain a ream of the very best paper,
and 500 envelopes to match, all stamped free of charge, and sent to
any railway station. Monograms designed (1s.) by T. CULLETON,
diesinker to Her Majesty and the Board of Trade, 25, Cranbourn
street, corner of St. Martin's-lane, W. C.
