DEAR, dear BOBIE, why have you left us in
anguish long? The promised letter has not followed your last
to William, dated Deal, June 3, 1860. Words cannot tell the desolation
of our hearts and Scottish home. Bereaved of my child, I am be¬
reaved, indeed. Have pity on your mother, Elizabeth T.
LOST, on Thursday, from No. 7, Great Western¬
terrace, Bayswater, a ROUGH GRAY TERRIER DOG.
answers to the name of "Syd," one eye considerably injured. TEN
SHILLINGS REWARD will be paid to anybody returning him to
the above address.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday
last, in Regent-street, Oxford-street, Brook-street, Bond-street.
or Conduit-street, a small GOLD LOCKET with "Bessie" engraved
on it. Any person finding the same and bringing it to Mr. Stanley
Lucas, 210, Regent-street, shall receive the above reward.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—To Picture
Dealers, Dealers in Curiosities, &c.—LOST, within the last 15
months, TWO ENAMEL MINIATURES of TWO LADIES of the
style of the Court of Louis XIV., mounted in metal frames, with names
and number written on paper on back. Size 3 in. by 2½ in. and 3 in
by 2 in. Information to Mr. Miller, stationer, 1, Little College-street,
Westminster, S.W.
OHN HEWETT and WILLIAM HEWETT,
who left Burliscombe, Devonshire, a few years ago, for Australia,
are carnestly requested to SEND their ADDRESSES immediately to
their sister, Mrs. Harsant Aldrich, 8, Nortonfolgate, London, who
wishes to communicate with them on important and urgent business
MISS FRAZIER, daughter of Simeon and Sarah
Frazier—who formerly kept a public-house in Rotherhithe, left
her home 10 years ago, and has not been heard of since the death of
her mother which occured in 1851 ; should she be still alive she may
HEAR of SOMETHING to her ADVANTAGE in Herefordshire, by
applying to Mr. Thomas Godwin, Commercial-road, Hereford; or, in
the event of her death, any information respecting it would be thank¬
fully received by the same party.
FIVE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—
TEAGUE, CHARLES BROOKS, late of Crown-court, Cheap¬
side, in the city of London, solicitor, deceased.—The above sum will be
paid to any person giving such information as will lead to the absolute
discovery of who were the TRUSTEES of a DEED of SETTLEMENT
of a large sum in Consols, made by the above named gentleman some
few years since for the benefit of his wife and children; also, as one
of the trustees died in 1857, what was his name, address, and date of
his death, or the name and address of the present surviving trustee,
on application to Messrs. Nethersole and Owen, of No. 1, New-inn,
Strand, solicitors to the widow and executrix of the late Charles Brooks
Teague.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one DIVIDEND on the sum of
£124 15s. 7d. Consolidated Long Annuities, heretofore standing in the
name of JOHN DADDS, of Wingham, Kent, farmer, deceased, and
which dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt, in consequence of its having remained unclaimed
since the 10th October, 1850;—Notice is hereby given that, on the ex¬
piration of three months from this date, the said Dividend will be paid
to Frederick Harvey Sankey, one of the Executors, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of £4,000
Consolidated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the
names of WRIOTHESLEY DIGBY, of Meriden, Warwickshire Esq.,
Captain CHARLES GEORGE DIGBY, of the Royal Navy, HENRY
HALL, Lord Viscount GAGE, and WILLIAM LONG, of London,
Esq., and which dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt in consequence of its having remained
unclaimed since the 5th of January, 1848;—Notice is hereby given, that
on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Dividend
will be paid to the said William Long, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of 21 Dividends on the sum of
£81 7s. 3d. Consolidated Long Annuities, heretofore standing in the
names of Rev. JOSEPH FENN, of Blackheath-park, THOMAS
FENN, of Burton-street, gentleman, and THOMAS FENN ADDI¬
SON, of Chilton Lodge, Sudbury, Esq., and which dividends were
paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National
Debt, in consequence of the first thereof having remained unclaimed
since the 5th of April, 1850 ;—Notice is hereby given that, on the ex¬
piration of three months from this date, the said Dividends will be
paid to the Rev. Joseph Fenn, the survivor, who has claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his
claim thereto.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) of SAMUEL RICHARDSON, late of
No. 2, Brightridge Villa, Southborough, near Tonbridge-wells, in the
county of Kent, a Lieutenant in the Royal Navy, deceased, and all
other persons who may have an interest in the personal estate and
effects of the said deceased.—Notice is hereby given to you, that a
CITATION has issued forth of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated
the 19th day of March, 1861, at the instance of Harriett Norman, of
Brightridge Villa aforesaid, spinster, a creditor of the said deceased,
citing you to enter an appearance in the Principal Registry of the said
Court, within 30 days after the service of such citation, and accept or
refuse letters of administration of the effects of the said deceased, who
died intestate on or about the 18th day of January, 1861, or show cause
why the same should not be granted to the said Harriett Norman, as a
creditor of the said deceased, with an intimation that in default of ap¬
pearance to the said citation the said letters of admininistration will be
granted to the said Harriett Norman, as a creditor of the said deceased.
MISSING FRIENDS.—Persons desirous of com¬
municating with friends in any of the colonies, by advertisement
or otherwise, should apply to Mr. G. STREET, 30, Cornhill, E.C.
CITY BONDS relating to the RIVER THAMES.
Holders of these Bonds are invited to FORWARD their AD¬
DRESSES to Mr. Turnley, 38, Cannon-street, London, E.C., from
whom they will receive a communication as to the deteriorated market
value of these Corporation Bonds, and the best means to be adopted for
restoring their proper value
IN the Matter of LETTERS PATENT granted to
WILLIAM WOOD, of Over Darwen, Lancashire, carpet manu¬
facturer, for "Improvements in the manufacture of carpets and other
fabries," bearing date the 23d day of January, 1850.—Notice is hereby
given, that the Assignees of the said Letters Patent have applied by
petition to Her Majesty's Attorney-General for leave, certified by his
fiat and signature, to enter with the Clerk of the Patents of England a
DISCLAIMER and MEMORANDUM of ALTERATION of CER¬
TAIN PARTS of the TITLE and SPECIFICATION of the said
Letters Patent. —Dated this 28th day of March, 1861.
WILLIAM CARPMAEL, Agent for the Petitioners, 24, South¬
ampton-buildings, Chancery-lane.
SATURDAY HALF-HOLYDAY in the CITY.—
LADIES making purchases at the retail establishments of the
city are respectfully urged to do so before 4 o'clock on Saturdays,
whereby they will show their approval of the Saturday Half-holyday
Movement, and probably lead to its adoption by the few establishments
which have not yet entered into the general arrangement.
City Assistants' Committee, Early Closing Association.

EASTER EVE.—Holyday.—Messrs. FRANCIS
NEWBERY and SON's medicine warehouse will remain CLOSED
THIS DAY, 30th March.—45, St. Paul's-churchyard, Londen.
CAPPER, SON, and Co., Linendrapers by appoint¬
ment to the Queen, beg respectfully to inform their customers
and the public that they CLOSE at 4 o'clock on SATURDAY AFTER¬
NOONS.
ROYAL COLOSSEUM.—Easter Holydays.—An
entirely NEW SERIES of ENTERTAINMENTS and EXHI¬
BITIONS, consisting of:  A new Character Monologue by Mr.
Righton; Dissolving View Entertainment, vocally illustrated by Mr.
Jones Hewson; Modern Magic and Spirit-rapping, illustrated and ex¬
plained by Mr. James Taylor; most poweriul Hydro-oxygen Micro¬
scope with its myriads of living wonders; the magnificent Dioramas of
Lisbon, London, and Paris, with all the other attractions for which
this superb institution has obtained its European celebrity. The cele¬
brated Scotch Bell-players in full costume. Open daily from 12 to 4,
and from 7 to 10. Admission, 1s.; children under 10 and schools, 6d.
Dr. BACHHOFFNER, F.C.S., sole lessee and manager.
MADAME TUSSAUD and SON's EXHIBITION,
Baker-street. — Continuation of EARLY ENGLISH KINGS.—
New Addition, Richard Cour de Lion and his Queen, Barengaria, as
also Henry III., attired in the magnificent costumes studied from old
English manuscripts. Admission 1s.; extra room, 6d. Open from 11
till 10.
MADAME CAPLIN's GALLERY, OPEN DAILY,
from 12 to 5 (for ladies only), at 58, Berners-Street, Oxford-street.
The next course of lectures will be duly announced by adver
tisements.
ROYAL BOTANIC SOCIETY, Regent's-park.—
—EXHIBITIONS of PLANTS, Flowers, and Fruit, Wednes¬
days, May 22, June 12, and July 3. Tickets of admission to be ob¬
tained at the gardens, by orders from Fellows or Members of the So¬
ciety, price (on on before May 11) 4s, each.
EASTER HOLYDAYS. —ZOOLO GICAL
GARDENS, Regent's-park, OPEN on Easter Monday and four
following days, at 6d. each person.
ROYAL SURREY GARDENS.—Great attractions
for the Easter Holydays:-Good Friday, the Grounds will be
Illuminated; Easter Monday, Balloon Ascent by Mr. Coxwell; daily
during the holydays, Military and Quadrille Bands, Fairy Ballet and
Divertissement, Spanish Dancers, Court Minstrels in full costume, the
Brothers Nelson in their wonderful Acrobatic Feats, Burmain the re¬
nowned Wizard, Dancing on the platform and in the great hall, the
Gardens Illuminated. 1s. includes every amusement.
ARGYLL ROOMS.-GRAND MUSICAL EN¬
TERTAINMENT, with the celebrated Band: established 11
years. Conducted by Mons. LAMOTTE. Cornet-à-piston, M. Boul¬
court. Immense success of the Argyll Lancers (new). Overtures this
week, William Tell and Le Chalet. Admission to promenade, 1s.
AVIS.—ARGYLL ROOM, Windmill-street, Pic¬
cadilly, Grand selections this week:—I1 Barbiere, Martha,
New Lancers, Quadrille, Caledonians, New Valses, Fern Leaves, and
Melodies of the Forest. Solo by M. Boulcourt, principal cornet-à¬
piston. Conductor, M. Lamotte. Admission to promenade, 1s.
GRAND BAL MASQUE.—Her Maiesty's Theatre.
Monday next, April 1.—The best PRIVATE BOXES, for large
or small parties, on moderate terms; dress circle seats and tickets for
the ball to be secured at LEADER and COCK's, 63, New Bond-street,

BALL. —Hanover-square Room. —Mr. FRANCIS
MASON (of the Hanover-square Rooms), professo a nend
has the honour to announce that he will give a FULL-DRESS BALL
at the above Rooms, on Thursday, April 4. Ladies tickets, 7s. 6d. ;
gentlemen's tickets, 10s. 6d.—including refreshments. Louis Wright's
band. Tickets to be had of Messrs. Chappell, 50, New Bond-street;
Messrs. Addison and Co., 210, Regent-street; Messrs. Hopwood and
Co., 42, New Bond-street; and of Mr. Mason, at the rooms.
NATIONAL ASSEMBLY ROOMS, High Hol¬
born. This popular and magnificently appointed Ball Room, de¬
cidedly the most fashionable and best conducted entertainment in the
world. The very excellent band, under the able direction of Mr.
Packer, is constantly introducing the choicest and latest music of the
day—a quadrille and polka from Balfe's new opera, Bianca; Colleen
Bawn Waltz, Garibaldi's Triumphal Galop, &c., among many others, now
nightly receive the plaudits of the company. The wines supplied are of
the very choicest quality. The refreshment rooms are elegant in the
extreme, and replete with every comfort. Admission throughout 1s.
HER MAJESTY's THEATRE. Lessee, Mr. E.T.
Smith.-GRAND BAL MASQUE, East
Monday, April 1.—
The Lessee has the honour to announce that, at the solicitation of seve¬
ral of his patrons (who were unable to obtain admission on Friday last)
he will give another of these delightful entertainments, on which occa¬
sion several celebrities of the Carnivals of Rome and Paris will be pre¬
seut in character, and several novel effects introduced for the first time
in this country. The vast area of the stage and pit will be converted
into a gigantic ballroom, embellished with large mirrors and richly
decorated with flowers, brillantly illuminated with several thousand
additional jets of gas. Numerous additions will be made in the orches¬
tra by the engagement of several of the principal performers of mili¬
tary bands. The refreshments and supper will be under the superin¬
tendence of the most celebrated culinary professor. The arrangements
of the balfroom will be confided to the care of the most accomplished
masters of the ceremonies. Sole costumier, Mr. John Nathan, Castle¬
street, Leicester-square. Tickets--gentlemen, 10s. 6d. ; ladies, 7s. 6d.;
double tickets, to admit a lady and gentleman, 15s.; private boxes, two
guineas and upwards; balcony, 5s.; boxes, 3s. ; amphitheatre stalls,
2s. 6d.; gallery, 1s. To prevent disappointment, an early application for
tickets is necessary, as the Lessee is determined not to issue more than
can be conveniently accommodated. Box-office open daily from 10 till 5,
under the direction of Mr. C. Nugent.
THE MAGIC SAILOR, 1s.—The original and
only genuine MAGIC SAILOR, with instructions, sent free for
14 stamps. The Cure, the incurable Cure, as performed by Mr. J. H.
Stead at the Crystal Palace; creating roars of laughter, defying detec¬
tion; 1s. 2d.—RICHARD MILLER, No. 28, Sloane-street,
.
THE MAGIC PUNCH.—A life-like FIGURE of
PUNCH, which dances when placed on the floor, keeping time to
any tune, and defying detection. The funny squeak and roo-ti-too of
Punch are cleverly introduced. No end of laughter. Sent post free for
18 stamps.—W. GREIG, 6, South-row, Marshall-Street, Golden-square.
THE MAGIC BONNIE FISH WIFE (copyright), the
most characteristic and amusing magical figure ever seen, accom¬
panied with the Scotch ballad of Caller Herrin. This amusing figure de¬
fies all detection; the performer allows it to be examined by each and
all of the assembly. When returned to him, the fish wife being placed on
the floor, immediately commences her favourite dance of Tullochgorum,
or to any other lively air played to her. Sent post free, with full instruc¬
tions, onj receipt of 20 stamps.—W. GREIG, 6, South-row, Marshall¬
street, Golden-square.
MAGIC for the EASTER HOLYDAYS.—EIGHT
new and wonderful TRICKS, with printed instructio
post free on sending 14 postage stamps to Mons. DUPREE, 11, Belle
Vue Cottages, Camden-town.
