METHYST. Diamond. Amethyst. Devil's Dyke.

—D., post office, Vigo-street, till Tuesday
—There was an advertisement in The Times of
last Saturday for you, under the cipher you selected.—

GEORGE P.—Your mother knows all your difficul¬
ties, and is able and willing to relieve them at once. In mercy
to your mother and sisters sufferings at your absence let them know,
without delay, where you are.
CAPTAIN HETT TENNANT is requested to
SEND his ADDRESS to Messrs. Cox and Co., or to call on his
brother, at 31, Alfred-place west, Brompton, with as little delay as
tossible, as he is required for active service
MISSING, since the 1st instant, from the neigh¬
bourhood of Eaton-square, a YOUNG LADY, 20 years of age,
looks younger, medium height, good complexion, dark brown eyes, and
chestnut hair, worn en chignon, with single ringlet. Was last seen on
the evening of the above date near Cannon-street Station, wearing a
black velvet walking dress, with jacket to match, and black lace
bonnet, with Benoiton and scarlet flowers. Information to be given to
Mr. Pollaky, private inquiry office, 13, Paddington-green
LOST, on or about Sunday, the 17th of November,
in the neighbourhood of Brvanston-square, Glocester-place,
Portman-square, an old-fashioned GOLD PENCIL-CASE, with a
cedar pencil. The pencil-case had the initials "C. E. S." engraved on
it, in old English letters, and was very much worn. Whoever will
the same to Mr.
on's, 42, Crawford-street, shall receive TEN
SHILLINGS REWARD.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, in Oxford¬
street, near Duke-street, Grosvenor-square, on Thursday after¬
noon, a GOLD WATCH, with black and flowered enamelled back, and
short gold chain, with bunch of charms. The above reward will be
given to any person taking the same to Westerton's library, 27, St.
George's-place, S.
TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, or
Destroyed, a DEED, from J. H. Barber's assignees to Ellen
Barber, dated 1853, of no use to any one but the advertiser. Sup¬
posed to have been burnt in the fire at Water-street, Liverpool, in
1863, but if any party has possession of the same the above reward will
be paid. Address W. 15, General Post-office, Liverpool.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a DARK¬
GREEN LEATHER PURSE, containing £5 10s. in gold, and
some silver. Supposed to have been dropped in a cab by two ladies.
taken up about 12.15 Thursday, the 17th, at Capper and Moon's, Re¬
gent-street, stopping at Gomm and Hart's, Regent-circus, and finally
set down at 25, Lancaster-gate, Hyde-park-gardens. The above reward
will be paid by Messrs. Capper and Moon.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a LETTER,
posted at 14, St. James's-square, S.W.
about the 20th September
last, addressed to "William Roche, Esq., 72, Harcourt-street, Dublin."
Any person bringing the same to Colonel French, 8, Duke-street, St.
James's, S.W., shall receive the above REWARD
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 11th
inst., in the vicinity of Addison-road, Notting-hill, W., at about
8.30 p.m., a BRINDLE BULL TERRIER DOG, ears not cut, nose
rather pointed; had on a rather large leather collar with brass ring
and plain plate. The above reward will be paid to any one bringing
the same to Mr. Welford, baker, 52, Queen's-road, near Royal-crescent,
Notting-hill. Any person found detaining the dog after this notice
will be prosecuted by the owner.
FIVE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, at the
gricultural-hall, on Wednesday evening, the 11th inst., a GOLD
KEYLESS WATCH; French make : owner's name inside. The above
reward will be given to any person bringing the said watch to Mr. J.
Levilly 23, George-street, Hanover-square,
FOUND, a PURSE, between Kensington and
Knightsbridge. The owner can have it by applying at Mr.
Cocks, 35, High-street, Kensington, on describing the contents, and
paying the expense of this advertissement.
FOUND, a HALF-BRED MASTIFF. Colour light
brown. Stands about 2ft. high. Found near London-bridge. If
not claimed by the 20th inst, will be disposed of. Apply to Mr. Ans¬
comb, L. and B. Railway ; or Craddock and Co., 30, Great St. Helen's,
TO Mr. STONE, late of 105, Bishopsgate-street
without, London.—You are hereby required to REMOVE the
FURNITURE and EFFECTS lodged by you with us, on our premises,
No. 26, Pelham-Street, Spitalfields, on the 1st day of October, 1866;
and take notice, that unless the same be removed by you within 14
days from this date, they will be SOLD to pay expenses. —Dated this
14th day of December, 1867. —Scudder and Co., carmen, 26, Pelham¬
street, Spitalfields.
NEXT of KIN (new edition, never before published).
—A classified and descriptive INDEX (of 15,000 names gua¬
ranteed) to advertisements for next of kin, Chancery heirs, &c., from
1760 to 1867, sent post free for 30 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER,
No. 17, Southampton-buildings, Chancer-lane, London, W.C.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the NAME of
HENRY WARWICK COLE, Esq., O.C., having by mistake
been inserted among the HONORARY DIRECTORS of the LEGAL
CO-OPERATIVE SUPPLY ASSOCIATION (Limited) has now been
REMOVED from t tet.
J. FINLAISON, Hon. Sec.
THE GREAT EASTERN, Great Northern, Great
Western, London and North-Western, and Midland RAILWAY
COMPANIES, and the Grand Junction Canal Company, hereby give
notice, on behalf of themselves and their carting agents in the Metro¬
polis, that the system of granting CHRISTMAS BOXES, Fairings,
New Year's Gifts, or any other gratuities to the public or their servants
is entirely ABOLISHED.
the undersigned SQUIRE BANCROFT BUTTER¬
FIELD, of No. 3, Eaton-terrace, St. John's-wood, in the parish of
St. Marylebone, in the count c" Middlesex, gentleman, having, ever
since the year 1861, used for s. purposes, and on all occasions, the sur¬
name of Bancroft only, do hereby give notice that I intend, from the
date hereof, to USE, for all purposes and on all occasions, the SUR¬
NAME of BANCROFT only, in lieu of, and in substitution for that of
Butterfield; and I hereby declare that my signature, S. Bancroft Ban¬
croft, is, and shall be as effectual and binding as my heretofore signa¬
ture; and I further give notice that I have, by deed poll, under my
hand and seal, dated this day, and duly acknowledged by me, and in¬
tended to be forthwith enrolled in Her Majesty's High Court of Chan¬
cery, declared my intention as above expressed. As witness my hand
this 13th day of December, 1867.
S. BANCROFT BUTTERFIELD.
Witnesses—Alfred Groom, 3, Raymond-buildings, Gray's-inn,
London, Solicitor; Joseph Groom—same place.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £115 14s. Consolidated 3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of JOHN DELL,
of Aylesbury, Bucks, gentleman, and JOHN CHURCHILL, of the
same place, grocer, and which was transferred to the said Commis,
sioners, in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed since the 5th July, 1851.—Notice is hereby given, that on
the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will
be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to the Most Noble
Richard Plantagenet Campbell, Duke of Buckingham and Chandos,
limited administrator of John Churchill, who was the survivor, who has
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and
make out his claim thereto.
MAND REGISTRY.—No. 488.—In the Matter of
the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53.—Cookham,
Berks.—Notice is hereby given, that on the application of ROBERT
ARTHUR WARD, of Maidenhead, in the county of Berks, solicitor,
the Registrar intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from
the date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the
HEREDITAMENTS in the parish of Cookham, in the county of
Berks, containing 6a. Ir. 28p., or thereabout, in the tenure or occu¬
pation of George Wethered, situate in a place called Poulton Mead,
bounded on or towards the south by the highway leading from North¬
town to Ray-mills, and delineated on the Map No. 488, deposited in the
Office of Land Registry as part of the description of the same here¬
ditaments and thereon edged with red, together with the mines and
minerals under the same. If any person objects to, or desires to show
cause against, such registration, or claims that the same should
be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any particular
estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved
or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the re¬
gister, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of
the said three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or
by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause
against, or to make such claim in respect of such registration. But any
person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in
writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address
thereto, in the said office before the expiration of the said three
months, otherwise he will be excluded from making the same. The
aforesaid map may be inspected at the said office at any time before
the expiration of the said three months. —Dated this 14th day of De¬
cember, 1867.

O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
OBT. A. WARD. Applican.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 296.—In the Matter of
the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, Mason's-bridge
Estate, in the parishes of Horley and Nutfield, Surrey.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the application of JAMES WOOD. of Mason's-bridge,
Horley, in the county of Surrey, a Captfin in the Royal Marines, the
Registrar intends, at the expiration of three calendor months from the
date hereof to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the HERE¬
DITAMENTS called or known as Mason's-bridge Estate, in the
parishes of Horley and Nutfield, in the county of Surrey containing
469 acres 1 rood and 9 perches, or thereabout, partly in hand and partly
in the tenure or occupation of James Elliott, James Stacey, and others,
comprising Masen's-bridge Farm, Christmas Farm, Black House
or Wooders Farm, and hereditaments called or known as Ham Roughet,
Kilmanshole, and Nab Crook, bounded in part on or towards the
south by the public road from Reigate to Outwood, and in other part
by the public road from Redhill to Horne, and intersected by the pub¬
lie roads from Redhill to Bletchingley and from Reigate to Outwood,
and which said hereditaments are delineated on the Map No. 296, de¬
posited in the Office of Land Registry as part of the description of
the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with
the mines and minerals under the same. If any person objects to, or
desire to show cause against, such registration, or claims that the
same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any
particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liablity, not already
proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the re¬
gister such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the
said three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by
affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause
against, or to make such claim in respect of such registration. But
any person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge
the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his
name and address thereto, in the said office before (the expiration
of the said three months, otherwise he will be excluded from making
the same. The aforesaid map may be inspected at the said offic
time before the expiration of the said three
No t s.—Dated this
14th day of December, 1867.
O. D. MORDAUNT. Chief Clerk.
GEO. H. THISTLEWOOD, Solicitor to the Applicant.
RUENOS AYRES GOVERNMENT CERTIFI¬
BCATE.—Translation.—We the undersigned, at the request of
Messrs. Jas. C. Thompson and Co., certify that the IRON SAFES of
Messrs. CHUBB and SON, London, of which these gentlemen are
agents, were exposed for several hours to the fire that took place in
the offices of the National Government on the evening of the 26th
instant; that in our presence they were easily opened with their re¬
spective keys; that the moneys and important documents they con¬
tained were found in perfect order; and that these safes are now in
use in the National Treasury Office.
(Signed) J. M. DRAGO (Treasurer of the National
Government).
JOSE TOMAS ROJO.
JUAN M. ALVAREZ.
A true Copy—A. M. Bell.
Buenos Ayres, July 31, 1867.
CAUTION to SHIPPERS of MAGNESIA.—The
undersigned have received information that FLUID MAGNESIA,
purporting to be their manufacture, has been extensively shipped to
India and the colonies. They beg, therefore, to advise merchants and
consumers to see that eachibottle has on it their trade label and the
name "Dinneford."
Under the Act 25th and 26th Vict., cap. 63,
forgery of trade labels is severely punishable.
DINNEFORD and Co.
No. 172, New Bond-st.
et, London. Jan. 1, 18
TRADE MARK.—The public is CAUTIONED
against imitations of our Octagon Trade Mark, with "Nogatco"
in centre, which is our exclusive property in the manufacture and sale
of scarfs, ties, shirts, and collars. The full penalties of "The Mer¬
chandise Marks Act, 1862" will be enforced in case of piracy
LLOYD and ATTREE, 32 and 33, Wood-street, London.
CAUTION.—The LORD STANLEY is a made-up
SCARF for gentlemen, manufactured and sold, wholesale only,
by LLOYD and ATTREE, of 32 and 33, Wood-street, London. To
be obtained of all the best hosiers and outfitters in the united king¬
dom. Before purchasing see that each scarf is stamped on band in
gold, with their Trade Mark, an Octagon, with "Nogatco" in centre,
as none other are of their manufacture.
CAUTION.—The LORD STANLEY COLLAR
for gentlemen, manufactured and sold, wholesale only, by
LLOYD and ATTREE, of 32 and 33, Wood-street, London, and
each collar bears their Trade Mark, an Octagon, with "Nogatco" in
centre. The public is cautioned against infringement, as the full penal¬
ties will in all cases be enforced.
CAUTION.—FOREIGN VINEYARD ASSOCIA¬
TION (Limited), Joint-Stock Wine Company, established 1854.
The Directors, having learnt that letters intended for the Association
have miscarried, hereby give notice that this Company has no con¬
nexion with any other establishment, and particularly request that all
orders and remittances be addressed to W. H. Palmer, Esq., Manager,
at their new offices, 200, Regent-street, W.
CAUTION.—Trade Marks.—25 and 26 Vict., cap. 88.
I beg to give notice to consumers that my TRADE MARKon
VIRGINIA and ORIENTAL TOBACCOS (an Elephant) is on each
package and canister. Consumers and shippers are hereby cautioned:
and traders imitating my marks and packages contrary to the Act of
Parliament 25 and 26 Vict., cap.88, will be proceeded against
THOMAS BEAR.
No. 233, High-street, Borough, August 22, 1867.
CAUTION.—The NOURISHING STOUT.—Trade
Mark.—Country agents and the public are hereby informed that
the registered trade label of the above has the words "Nourishing
London Stout" within two red circles, and beneath the inner one
RAGGETT (late Blockey), 21, Duke-street, St. James's, with the trade
mark, R.B., in red letters, and across the label in white letters upon a
red band, "Analysed and reported on by Dr. Hassall."
