THE MAN who has WRITTEN TWO ANONY¬
MOUS LETTERS to a lady, of Lincoln-Street, is requested to
mind his own business, as she considers him to be a worthless villain
who uses his time for such a wicked purpese.
GRUGGEN.—REBECCA GRUGGEN would be
glad to HEAR from her SISTER MARY ANN, whom she left
living in the neighbourhood of Vine-Street, St. James's, when she left
England about 20 years ago. Address to be left with Mr. W. Rogers,
Coachmakers' Arms, 29, Bryanston-street, Portman-square,
FIFTY THALERS REWARD will be guaranteed
to the persons who can give me correct INFORMATION (for
purposes of inheritance) concerning my son, the merchant NATHAN
FRIEDLANDER, of Bunziau, who LEFT his HOME, in December,
1853, on a journey to Dresden, and has not been heard of since.
Information to be forwarded to Kaufmann Ignaz Friedllinder, in
Bunziau, Silesia, Prussia.
LOST, a GOLD WATCH, with white dial, Dent,
No. 82, Strand, 6,505 engraved thereon. If brought to 38, Lisle¬
street, Leicester-square, TWO POUNDS REWARD will be given.
LOST, on Tuesday, the 12th of July, at the Ball
at Camelford-house, a GRAY INVERNESS CAPE. If returned
to 7, Belgrave-square, the owner will be much obliged.
LOST, on 26th inst., a small TRUNK, containing
money and other valuable things, at the Clapham Junction Rail¬
If the finder will sond it to 29, King's-road, Chelsea, he shall
be REWARDED.
LOST, in Cornhill, a HAIR FINGER RING—a
garter, with forget-me not of small diamonds. ONE GUINEA
REWARD will be given to anyone bringing the same to Messrs. Nissen
and Parker, 43, Mark-lane.
LOST (ONE POUND REWARD) an OPERA¬
GLASS, in Piccadilly or Jermyn-street, early on Thursday morn¬
Two blank places for coat of arms, and the motto "Dien et mon
Droit."— Messrs. Leathwait and Simmons, Pope's Head-alley, Corn¬
hill, E.C.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a large
CURLY-HAIRED BLACK DOG, white chest and white fore
paws. All expenses will be paid by applying to Mr. Stokes, 65, Brook¬
street, Hanover-square.
ONE GUINEA REWARD. —LOST, on Wednesday,
27th inst., at or near Oxford-street-circus, a small GENEVA
WATCH. Any one bringing it to Mr. Spalding's library, High-Street,
Notting-hill, shall receive the above reward.
THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on

the n he neighbourhood of Hackney Downs,
a BULL TERRIER BITCH; white, with brindled patch over right
eye and on body. Apply to Mr. Wm. Hill, 61, Bishopsgate-street.
THREE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, at the
Waterloo Railway Station, on Wednesday afternoon, a LADY's
GOLD WATCH, with gold face, two seals, and key. Whoever will
bring it to Mr. C. Thomas, 27, Castle-street, Leicester-square, shall re¬
ceive the above reward.
FOUR POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, last Thurs¬
day after
in Hampton-court-gardens or Bushy-park, a
LADY'S GOLD GENEVA HUNTING WATCH, with gold chain and
key attached. Apply at 33, Sackville-street, Piccadilly.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 11th
inst., a SMALL OVAL BRILLIANT BUCKLE. Whoever brings
the same to Read and Son's, jewellers, 77, Jermyn-street, St. James's,
shall receive the above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on or near
Wimbledon-common, on Sunday, the 24th, a LADY's GOLD
LEVER WATCH. Maker's name, "Dent, 61, Strand, No. 24,811."
Pawnbrokers and others are cautioned against receiving or purchasing
it. Whoever brings the same to 28, Upper Baker-street, Regent's-park,

FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in Belvedere¬
road, Upper Norwood, on the 28th inst., a LADY's GOLD
WATCH, with chain, gold pencilcase, ring with two seals, key, and
small chain, with a seal watch key attached. The above reward will
be paid to any one bringing it to Braemar-house, Upper Norwood; or
to the Police Station, Crystal Palace. Number and maker's name
known.
FOUND, near the Crystal Palace, a BANK SECU¬
RITY. Apply in the first instance by letter, and describe accu¬
rately the document, with the amount of cash specified thereon, en¬
closing a stamp for answer to Mr. Freeman, 2, Bolton-terrace, Penge,
S.E.—28th July.—First Advertisement. Payment for expenses of ad¬
vertising desired.
MR. GIOVANI ARMAND MONTANO, of
90, Lower Thames-street, E.C., finds it necessary to give notice
that he is not a member of or connected with the firm of Donald Mac¬
farlane and Co., of the above address.—Dated this 20th day of July,
1864.
G. A. MONTANO.
Witness—Foster and Anderson, solicitors, 13, Gray's-inn-square.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 160.—WAL¬
SOKEN ADVOWSON, Norfolk.—In the Matter of the Act of
25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that, on the
application of the Rev. John Davies, of Walsoken, in the county of
Norfolk, clerk, the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry intends, at
the expiration of three calendar months from the date hereof, to RE¬
GISTER with an indefeasible title all that the ADVOWSON, Dona¬
tion, Right of Patronage and Presentation of, in, and to the REC¬
TORY and PARISH CHURCH of WALSOKEN, in the county of
Norfolk, with the rights, easements, and appurtenances. If any person
objects to, or desires to show cause against such registration, or claims
that the same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or
that any particular estate or inoumbrance, charge, or liability not
already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on
the register with reference to such hereditaments, such person may be
heard at the Office of the Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields,
at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar months
from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by
affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause against,
or to make such claim in respect of such registration. But any person
desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writ¬
ing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address
thereto, in the Office of Land Registry before the expiration of the said
three calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise he will be ex¬
cluded from making the same. —Dated this 30th day of July, 1864.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
TORR, JANEWAY, and TAGART, Solicitors to the Applicant.
MAPOLEON, by the Grace of Ge
hten  the will of
the nation, Emperor of the French, to
esent and to come,
greeting.—The Court of Pleas of the district of Boulogne-sur-Mer,
department of the Pas de Calais, has pronounced the following judg¬

Between CROSSE and BLACKWELL, manufacturers of sauces and
pickles, residing at No. 21, Soho-square, London, county of Middlesex
(England), plaintiffs, appearing through their attorney, Monsieur Gardere,
and pleading through Monsieur Henry, barrister-at-law, on one side:
And William Knight, provision dealer, residing at Boulogne-sur¬
Mer, defendant, appearing through Monsieur Dutertre Delmarcq, his
attorney, and pleading through Monsieur Hénin, barrister-at law, on
the other side.
The arguments and pleading of the counsels of the parties having
been heard in a previous sitting
Considering that it is an established fact that, by written declaration
of Courteville, junior officer of the court, dated January the 21st, 1864,
the plaintiffs have caused to be seized at Knight's divers pickles pre¬
pared with vinegar and mustard, contained in jars, labelled Crosse and
Blackwell, and bearing the designations of Imperial, Mixed Pickle,
Girkins, India Pickle, Piccallilli, Essence of Anchovies;
Considering that these jars, with their labels and contents, consti¬
tute, on the part of Knight, spurious imitations of the products of
the plaintiffs, of which they have declared having deposited specimens,
with their trade marks, at the Registrars of the Tubunal of Commerce
of the Seine, on the 12th of May, 1863, which is not disputed;
Considering that by virtue of the article 12th of the Treaty of Com¬
merce between France and England, concluded on the 23d January,
1860, and promulgated on the 10th of March following, that deposit
ensures to Crosse and Blackwell the right of selling in France under
their labels the products abovementioned, to the exclusion of all
others;
Considering that that convention ensures equally to the plaintiffs
the power of prosecuting even before the French law courts all spurious
imitations;
Censidering that this spurious imitation, which appears to have
been practised by Knight on a rather large scale, has caused to
the plaintiffs a damage for which reparation is due to them, and
which may be fixed at a sum of 600f., exclusive of the reparation
which ought also to be made to them, and the guarantee to be obtained
by means of insertions of the present judgment in certain newspapers;
Considering that Crosse and Blackwell declare to release from
seizure certain products labelled Lea and Perrins;—
By these motives:
The Tribunal affirms its jurisdiction, takes note of the release of the
products labelled Lea and Perrins, to which the plaintiffs consent;
Condemns Knight to 600f, damages towards the plaintiffs, with inte¬
rest from the date of the e d e m 
Authorises the latter to publish the present judgment once in The
Times newspaper and in two Paris newspapers, entirely at the defend¬
ants expense;
Says that the articles seized as spurious imitations shall be handed
over to the plaintiffs
Condemns Knight to all costs, part of which to be paid to Monsieur

Which judgment was pronounced at the sitting for civil cases held
publicly on the 12th May, 1864, by the Court of First Pleas of the dis¬
trict of Boulogne-sur-Mer,
Where were sitting Messrs. Lorel, President, Caron de Fromentel,
and Mesureur, judges
In the presence of M. Hibon, Deputy-Procuror Imperial, assisted by
B. L. Goulet, Registrar of the Court.
We order and command all officers of the courts hereby required to
execute the said judgment; our attorneys general and imperial officers
of the courts to insist on the same, and all commanders and officers of
the public force to give assistance when legally required.
In testimony of which the present judgment has been signed by the
President of the Tribunal and the Registrar of the Court.
Finally it is written: Registered at Boulogne the 26th of May, 1864.
folio 18th, case 4th, received for extracts, 5 francs; for judgment, 12
francs 10c. ; decimes, 3 franes 42 centimes. (Signed)		ABERT.

le copy, the Registrar of the Court of Civil Process of
Boulogne-sur-Mer.
(Signed) GOULET.
THE CENTRAL SOCIETY Of VINEYARD PRO¬
PRIETORS' COGNAC BRANDY.—Counterfeit Trade Mark.—
Injunction.—It having been discovered that for some time past con¬
siderable quantities of spurious and inferior spirits in bottles, labelled
with labels being a counterfeit of the trade mark label of the Central
Society of Vineyard Proprietors had been imported into England by
C. L. Jebens, of Hamburg, to Edward Henry Leveaux, late of
No. 11, Laurence Pountney-lane, in the city of London, but now of
King's Head-vard, Tooley-street, in the county of Surrey, wine merchant,
an INJUNCTION was, on the 22d -day of July, 1864, granted by His
Honour the Master of the Rolls in the suit of
Ne e ert
restraining the defendant, the said EDWARD HENRY LEVEAUX,
his agents and servants, from SELLING, or offering for sale, any
BRANDY, or other spirit in bottles, having affixed thereto labels
which are copies or imitations of, or only colourably differing from, the
labels of the said Central Society of Vineyard Proprietors, or which shall
represent, or have the appearance of representing, or lead to the belief
that such bottles contain brandy shipped by the said Society, and
ordering the said E. W. Leveaux to pay the plaintiffs all the costs of
their suit, and further condemning him to render an account of all
sales made by him or his agents of all spurious spirits, as aforesaid,
since the 9th January, 1863;—And all persons are hereby Cautioned
against dealing in brandy or other spirit in bottles, having thereto
affixed any fraudulent imitation of the trade mark label of the afore¬
said Society. Any communication may be made to the Society's London
agents, Messrs. J. C. Azemar and Co., 40, Mark-lane, London; or to
their export agent, Mr. William Meyerstein, Fountain-court, Alder¬
manbury, London ; or to e¬
J. WILSON NICHOLSON, 48, Lime-street, London, Solicitor
for the Central Society of Vineyard Proprietors.
PELLATT and Co. beg to CONTRADICT the
REPORT that they have REMOVED. They still carry on
business at their old-established premises, the Falcon Glass Works,
Holland-street, Blackfriars-road, near the Chatham and Dover Rail¬
way Station. An illustrated catalogue post free.
GENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, 5, Hen¬
rietta-street, Covent-garden, W. C., under Medical Direction.—
Skilled and certificated NURSES in every department can be ob¬
tained at this Institute on immediate recuiree.
T. HAMILTON, Secretary.
DEATHS.
On the 27th inst., at Pomeroy, near Honiton, after a short illness,
LOUISA MARY, relict of the late EDWARD LLOYD KENYON, of Pen¬
y-lan, Denbighshire, Esq., aged 47.
On the 27th inst., at 43, Warwick-street, much regretted by all who
knew him, Mr. THOs. LEWIN, late of Regent-street, in the 77th year
of his age.
On the 27th inst., at his Parsonage, the Rev. ALFRED BLIGH HILL,
M.A., incumbent of St. Paul's, Tiverton, aged 47.
On the 27th inst., at his residence, 19, York-road, Brighton, Captain
AUGUSTUS BERGH, in his 86th year. Friends will please to accept this
intimation.
On the 28th inst., at his residence, Barnsbury-park, ROBERT MULES,

On the 28th inst., suddenly, at No. 11, Wellington-street, Boro
CATHERINE, the beleved wife of HENRY DYNE, Esq., of S.E.R."
London-bridge, in the 47th year of her age. Friends will please accept

On the 28th inst., at 26, Westbeurne-terrace of hooping-cough,
WILLIAM JOHN RUSSELL, the youngest son of R. RUSSELL CAREW,
Esq., of Carpender's-park, Watford, aged 10 months.
On the 28th inst., at the house of his sister, Mrs. Ann Ritchie,
Upper Park-street, Barnsbury, Mr. JOHN WEATHERHEAD, aged 87.
On the 28th inst., at Richmond-road, Hackney, Mr. JOHN THOMAS
KING, aged 64.
On the 28th inst., at Ash-hill, near Newton Abbot, the residence of
his old comrade, Captain Browne late 49th Regiment, Colonel Joun
HEATLY, Retired Full Pay, 69th Regt.
On the 29th inst., at Haverstock-place, of scarlatina, FRANK TRE¬
LAWNY aged nine years, the youngest son of ROSr HENRY and
ANNE MITFORD.
At Singleton, in her 87th year, SARAH, relict of Grones W, Woop
Esq., M.P., of Singleton Lodge, L
