CEASELESS care and anxiety.—Equally true.
F. A. H. H. Ascot, 1st Junc.—SEND ADDRESS
post-office, Jermyn-street, Piccadilly.
TOMMY.—If you will CALL at the old place, you
will find a letter for A.B. Do not delay.—
T. T. C. L. H. to CR. TB.—Grateful for one
blessed gleam of sunshine after a weary, weary winter. Love is
ne s death 
L. O. B. STATUE.—Envoyes une enveloppe de
suite No. 2, parceque je désire partir pour Paris, et je voudrais
rire avant mon départ pour dire mes raisons.—M. L.
JOHN FIRTH, who a few years since resided in
Naples, is requested to COMMUNICATE with W. N., post office,
Honkstown, Dublin, and he will hear of something interesting. —May,
AREWARD of TEN POUNDS will be given to

inform me who has possession of the WILL
of the late THOMAS RICHARDSON, who died on the 19th of
January, 1866, at Wordsley, in the parish of Kingswinford, county of
Stafford.—J. B. Hebbert, solicitor, 102. Newhall-street, Birmingham.
JOSEPH DEACON, formerly of No. 6, Sekforde¬
street, Clerkenwell, watch jeweller, and afterwards of No. 8o
Hackney-road, Shoreditch, coffee-house-keeper, and which last named
residence he quitted in the year 1857. INFORMATION is WANTED
respecting the said Joseph Deacon during the last seven years, and
especially as to whether he is living or dead, and any person giving
such information will be rewarded for their trouble. Apply to Mr.
Vincent, 10, South-square, Gray's-inn, solicitor
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. — Whereas
some evil-disposed person or persons has or have within the last
fortnight written and sent FICTITIOUS and ANONYMOUS LET¬
TERS and TELEGRAMS to several SHAREHOLDERS and CUS¬
TOMERS of AGRA and MASTERMAN's BANK (Limited), urging
them to sell their shares and withdraw their accounts, as the Bank was
about to stop payment;—Now, the above sum will be paid by the
undersigned to any person who will give such INFORMATION as
shall lead to the detection and conviction of the party or parties who
has or have been guilty of such proceedings. Any shareholder or
customer of the Bank who has received any such letter or telegram is
requested to forward the same to the undersigned. Apply to Walter
Justice, Esq., solicitor, 6, Bernard-street, Russell-square, London, W. C.
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand,
W. C.—The Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RE¬
CEIPT, through the Donation-boxes, during the month of May, of
£14 15s. 9d., including a £5 note, No. 62289, and "A Thank-offering,"
2 11s.
HENRY WOOLCOTT Seer
tary.
LOST, about mid-day on the 1st June, 1866, between
Jermyn-street and the Army and Navy Club, a £10 NOTE, Bank
of England. The number is known and has been stopped. Any
person returning the same to the Porter of the Club shall be rewarded.
TO CABMEN.—TEN SHILLINGS REWARD,—
If the DRIVER of a four-wheel CAB, that took three ladies and
a gentleman from Clifford-street to Covent-garden Theatre, on Tues¬
day evening, has FOUND A GARNET BRACELET, and will bring the
same to 15a, Clifford-street, Bond-street, he shall receive the above re¬
Wan.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednes¬
day evening last, the 30th May, in Albemarle-street, Piccadilly,
at about 10 o'clock, a WHITE SPANISH POODLE DOG; answers to
the name of "Romeo." Whoever will bring the same to 4, Albemarle¬
street, Piccadilly, shall receive the above reward. N.B. No further re¬
ward will be offered.
TEN POUNDS REWARD, on conviction of thief
and recovery of property.—STOLEN, from the Horse and Groom
 e  Ascot-heath, Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 1866, a small
BROWN GELDING PONY, belonging to the Hon. Mrs. Henry
Byng, the Lodge, Virginia Water, and Pony Carriage. The pony has
bay legs, about 12 hands high, remarkable trotter, with high action,
mark on knee and slight mark on near flank by singeing iron; his har¬
ness partly plated and partly covered. The pony carriage is a double¬
bodied basket of Lenny's make, higher front seat black picked out with
green, and square hole in basket under left side of front seat. When
stolen there were no cushions and no whip, but a case for whip strapped
on. Last seen in Egham about 4 p.m.
FOUND, on the 19th May, a SANDY-COLOURED
DOG. May be had by giving full particulars, and if not owned
by 12th June, will be SOLD to defray expenses. Apply, by letter, to
post office, Putne.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £217 9s. Consolidated
£3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of JOHN
CLIFF, of South Ockenden, Essex, farmer, and ROBERT PEMBER¬
TON, Bedford, gentleman, and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed on and from the 5th July, 1855;—Notice is hereby given,
that on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to the said John
Cliff and Robert Pemberton, who have claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
NEA.—CAUTION.—The only authorized persons in
London for the engagement of seamen, apprentices, and boys are:
—The Superintendents of the Government Mercantile Marine offices,
Minories; Sailors' Homes, Dock-street and Poplar; and the licensed
Government agents—Messrs. Suckling and Co., 11, America-square,
Minories; and Messrs. Besant and Co., 84, Lower Thames-street. Any
other person (except the shipowner, master, or mate, or the bona fide
servant of the owner) providing berths for any seaman or apprentice
will be liable to a penaity of £20 for each offence. Information to be
given to the Registrar-General of Seamen, 6, Adelaide-place, London¬

MALTA and ALEXANDRIA TELEGRAPH, in
connexion with Cairo, Syrian, and Persian Gulf Telegraph.—
TELEGRAMS for EGYPT and INDIA.—It having been ascertained
that messages for Egypt are frequently forwarded by the Foreign
Telegraph authorities, via Constantinopie, thus occupying in transit
from four to five days, the public are recommended to insert after the
receiver's address the words "via Malta," in order to ensure the trans¬
mission of their telegrams by the direct route.
Messages for India can also be forwarded via Malta, Syria, and the
Persian Guif Telegraph, by which an alternate route is obtained, with
greatly increased speed in transmission.
R. A. GLASS, Managing Director.
SATURDAY EARLY CLOSING.—The following
leading DRAPERY ESTABLISHMENTS, in the Commercial¬
road, E., now CLOSE at an earlier hour on Saturdays:—
At 6 o'clock.
At 7 o'clock.
Messrs. J. Crane and Co.
Messrs. Ling and Son.
Messrs. Burdett and Ealand.
Messrs. T. Read and Co.
Messrs. Blyton and Co.
Mr. W. Longuehaye.
Mr. G. Emery.
The public is respectfully urged to support this arrangement by pur¬
chasing at an early hour on Saturday
HENRY WALKER,
EDWARD KENNEDY, Secretaries.
Early Closing Association, 100, Fleet-street, E.C.
PROOF of GUN BARRELS.—TEN POUNDS
REWARD.—The Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house
hereby give notice, that on the 22d day of February last, Ludwig
Rosenthall (of the firm of Rosenthall and Osmond), of 132, Fenchurch¬
street, London, commission agents, was convicted before the presiding
Alderman, at the Mansion-house, in the city of London, of an offence
under the Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1855, by selling small arms, the bar¬
rels of which had not been duly proved and marked as proved under
the Act, and was fined in the mitigated penaity of £5.
(The small arms in respect of which this conviction was obtained
were muskets of Austrian make, which had been imported into this
country for the purposes of sale, without being proved in accordance
with the English law, but as the defendant pleaded ignorance and pro¬
mised not to offend again, a mitigated penalty only was imposed.
Also, that on the 19th day of March last, Gustay Masu, of 3 A, Wig¬
more-street, Cavendish-square, London, gunmaker, was convicted be¬
fore Mr. Mansfield, Stipendiary Magistrate, at the Marylebone Police
Court, London, of an offence against the said Act, by selling a fowling¬
piece, the barrels of which were of Belgian make, and bore the Belgian
proof mark and no other, notwithstanding such barrels had a name
thereon purporting to indicate that they were of English make, whereby
they had become liable to the English proof and proof-mark, where¬
upon the mitigated penalty of £5 was imposed.
Also, that on the 17th day of May instant, George Grazebrook (of the
firm of Grazebrook, Son, and Co.), of 8, India-buildings, Liverpool,
merchants, was convicted before Mr. Raffies, Stipendiary Magistrate,
at the Police Court, Liverpool, of an offence against the said Act, by
selling 44 muskets and three pistols of foreign make without any proof¬
mark, whereupon a penalty of £100 was imposed.
And the said Guardians further give notice that upon information
of any other person or persons in the like case or cases offending
against the provisions of the said Act, they, the said Guardians, will
prosecute, and upon conviction will pay a reward of £10 to their in¬

Information may be given at the Proof-house, in Banbury-street,
Birmingham; or to the undersigned, their law clert.
By order.
WILLIAM S. ALLEN, 35, Waterloo-street, Birmingham, Law
Clerk to the Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house.
May, 1866.
PROOF of GUN BARRELS. —Caution. — Whereas,
it has recently come to the knowledge of the Guardians of the
Birmingham Proof-house that old military barrels, bearing the Tower
mark only, have got into the hands of private individuals, and have
been made up into small arms witheut proof under the Gun Barrel
Proof Act, 1855. The said Guardians hereby give notice, that such
barrels cannot lawfully be used in the making of small arms without
being duly proved and duly marked as proved under the said Act, and
that persons selling, or exchanging, or exposing, or keeping for sale, or
exporting, or attempting to export from this country any small arms
into which such barrels as aforesaid have been made up, are liable to a
penalty under the said Act of £20 for each barrel so used.
order,
WILLIAM S. ALLEN, Law Clerk to the Guardians of the
Birmingham Proof-house.
No. 35, Waterloo-street, Birmingham, April, 18

THE SELECTED FIFTY.—Ladies and gentlemen
are invited to select, and send to the subjoined address, previous to
the 30th June next, any subjects adapted for short poems (not exceed¬
ing 20 lines each) which may suggest themselves to their minds. The
Author of the "Records of 1865" purposes to write lines—carefully and
appropriately at all events—upon any 50 themes so selected for him,
provided that the names and residences of the senders be forwarded,
and that the subjects be not of an objectionable character. The
volume will appear in November next, in a form suitable for a Christ¬
mas gift, under the title of the SELECTED FIFTY, price 2s. 6d., for
which early orders would be much esteemed. Direct, post paid, to the
Author, Mr. Edward West, 1, Bull-and-Mouth-Street, London, E.C.—

NOTICE.—BURROW's (MALVERN) GLASSES.
—For the future the eyepieces of Burrow's first class binoculars
will be embossed "W. and J. Burrow, Malvern." Proceedings will be
taken against imitators of this trade mark. Mr. Arnold, 72, Baker-¬
street, W., and Messrs. Wales and McCulloch, No. 56, Cheapside, and
No. 22, Ludgate-hill, are the sole retail London agents for these glasses
Malvern, May, 1866.
 W and J. BURROW.
ADULTERATION.—PUBLIC NOTICE.—Act
25 and 26 Vic., cap. 88.—Several makers of cheap baking powders
have imitated the wrappers of BORWICK's ORIGINAL BAKING
POWDERS so closely that consumers have been deceived thereby, to
the injury of the reputation of Borwick's Baking Powder; this is to
give notice, that for the better protection of the public, the under¬
signed has adopted an entirely NEW TRADE LABEL (duly regis¬
tered), and to imitate which is felony.
All persons forging the labels will be prosecuted under the Act
and 26 Vic., cap. 88.
GEORGE BORWICK.
No. 24, Chiswell-Street, February, 1866.
MESSRS. SWAN and EDGAR beg respectfully to
announce that hereafter, and during the summer half of the
year, viz, from March 1st till September 1st, the HOURS of BUSI¬
NESS at their establishment will be till 7, instead of 8 o'clock, as here¬
tofore, daily (Saturdays included); and during the winter half, viz,
from September 1st till March 1st, till 6, instead of 7 o'clock, as hereto¬
fore, daily (Saturdays included).—Piccadilly and Regent-street.
VIMBLEDON.—Under the immediate patronage
of the Countess of Kerry, the Countess Spencer, the Dowager
Lady Lyttelton, the Countess of Bessborough, &c.—Miss LOUISA
BELLAMY will give a LECTURE, with Music, at the Lecture-hall,
Wimbledon, on Saturday, June 23, to commence at a quarter to 3
o'clock. Artistes—Mme. Parepa, Mme. Sainton, M. Sainton, Mr.
Montem Smith, Herr Wilhelm Ganz. Tickets at Wimbledon: C.
Lonsdale's, 26, Old Bond-street; and Miss Louisa Bellamy's, the Gables,
Wandsworth-common.
LONS. ADOLPHE DIDIER, Professor of Medical
Magnetism, respectfully announces that he will deliver a
COURSE of FIVE LECTURES on ANIMAL MAGNETISM and its
Healing Power. In these lectures pupils will acquire sufficient in¬
struction for becoming good magnetisers. Terms for the course £2 28,
The first lecture will take place on Tuesday, 12th of June, at 3 o'clock,
the Professor's residence, 15, Russell-place, Fitzroy-square.
OPERA BOXES and STALLS for the present
attractive performances can be secured at G. BUBB's library,
No. 167, New Bond-street. Private boxes at all the theatres.
OPERA BOXES, in the best situations and on the
most reasonable terms, may be secured at Mr. MITCHELL's
Royal library, 33, Old Bond-Street. An excellent, large box near the
stage by the alternate weeks or nights.
OPERAS. —LACON and OLLIER, 168, New Bond¬
street, have always for DISPOSAL, on moderate terms, some of
the best BOXES and STALLS for every night of the season. —168, New
Bond-street (next door to the Clarendon).
OPERA.—CHAPPELL and Co. have PRIVATE
BOXES, Stalls, &c., in the best situations, at the COVENT-GAR¬
DEN and at HER MAJESTY's THEATRE for SALE.—50, New
Bond-stree.
ER MAJESTY's THEATRE and ROYAL
ITALIAN OPERA, Covent-garden.—BOXES, Stalls, &c., may
be secured in the best positions at A. HAMMOND and Co.'s (late
Jullien's), new address, 5, Vigo-street, four doors from Regent-street
(late 214, Regent-street). Tickets for the Crystal Palace, &c.
ROYAL ITALIAN OPERA—City office 48, Cheap¬
side, KEITH, PROWSE, and Co., agents.—BOXES, Pit, and
Ampitheatre Stalls, from 5s. ; pit tickets, 7s. Miles' libretti of all the
operas, 1s. 6d. The new elliptic binocular opera glass, from 42s, each.
Crystal Palace tickets, 1866-7, 21s., now ready.
