RLACK EELS further communication excites great
interest: I will meet you at the place and time mentioned.—
POLLAKY, private inquiry office, 13, Paddington-green.
. L. to O.G. DAWSON.—Letters of February
and March received last week. Write agaln to H. L., care of
ssrs. H. S. King and Co., Cornhill, London.
A GENTLEMAN, who saw another, fair, with light
hair, wearing a white wide-awake, ble coat, and black and
white check trowsers, on the platform at the Cambridge Station, on
the arrival of, the 1 o'clock train from Bury, on the 13th of July, would
like to see him again.
IF the TWO LADIES (one elderly with gray hair,
the other young with blonde hair), who were looking at the en¬
gravings in the shop window of Messrs. Fores, Arthur, and Co., 41,
Piccadilly, corner of Sackville-street, Friday, 1st Dec., at 11 o'clock
a.m., would kindly COMMUNICATE their ADDRESS to V. A.,
No. 3, St. James's-street, they would meet with an oid friend.

MALICIOUS HOAX.—£20 REWARD. — Whereas
some maliciously-minded person has imposed on our establish¬
ent by an order for mourning dresses for the family of Mr. Wells, of
Ventnor, in the Isle of Wight; we will pay £20 to any one who can
REVEAL and PROVE the AUTHORSHIP of the hoax in question.
Mr. Weils has kindly submitted the case to the consideration and action
of the local magistracy.—W. C. Jay and Co., 247, Regent-street.
THIEVES.—FIFTY POUNDS REWARD is
offered to any person, who, recognizing advertiser from having
een concerned in purlbining or maliciously using letters, dated in or
about Oct., 1867, May, 1868, May, 1870 (having recently lost these
letters, he cannot give the exact dates), and Oct. 14th, 1869, all in male
handwriting, or in purloining from him cortain numbers of The Times
and of Punch, shall FURNISH such EVIDENCE as will bring the
aforesaid cowardly thieves to punishment. Fuller particulars in The
Times of Oct. 30th.—P.P.—F.W.
THE NATIONAL HOSPITAL, 85, Newman-street,
W.—The Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT
of £3 13s. 9d., contributed in pence
poor patients in gratitude for
benefits received during the month of November.—1st Dec., 1871.
LOST, on Thursday, Nov. 30, about 6 o'clock in
the evening, a large FUR RUG, lined with red sloth, dropped
out of a Victoria carriage, between Belgrave-square and Grosvenor¬
place. Whoever will take it to the Grosvenor Library, Chapel-street.
Belgrave-square, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday
evening, 28th, in Oxford-street or Bond-street, a PAIR of GOLD
EYE GLASSES, with black elastic. Whoever will take them to 16,
Boltoh-Street, Piccadilly, shall receive the above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, between
Brook-street and Green-street, Grosvenor-square, on the evening
of Tuesday, the 28th Novemnber, a TURQUOISE and DIAMOND
BROOCH, in the shape of a padlock, with a heart and key attached.
Whoever will take the same to Mrs. White, 254, Regent-street, shall
receive the above reward.
TO BANKERS, Bill Discounters, and others.—
Caution.—BILL LOST, supposed in transmission by post, drawn
by G. R. Wilson for Imperial Rubber Company, Lifford Mills, near
Birmingham, dated Nov.30th, three months, £200 9s. 8d., drawn on and
accepted by Marting and Co., Brussels, payable at Cassel and Co.,
Brussels. Payment stopped. Any communication respecting the
same, please address Alfred Geere, indiarubber broker, 135, Fenchurch¬
street, London.
FOUND, at the Royal Clarence Hotel, at Exeter, on
Nov. 4th, a PURSE, containing money. The owner can have it
restored by giving full description and paying expenses.
METROPOLITAN POLICE OFFICE.—FOUND,
in the International Exhibition, South Kensington, during the
resent year, a GOLD BRACELET,set with garnets; a Silver Bracelet,
"Souvenir" a Purse containing a £5 note and moneys; Three Opera
glasses, with black frames: one Pair of Eye Glasses, gold frames. Ap¬
plication to be made at the Police Station, Rochester-row.
EXETER-HALL. — Several ARTICLES having been
FOUND in this building at different times, a list of them is
left with the Hallkeeper, and such of them as were found before the 1st
day of January last, and shall not be claimed within one month from
this day, will be SOLD, and the produce applied towards the expenses
of the building. Application to be made at Exeter-hall, between 12
and 6 o'clock.—Dated this 29th day of November, 1871.—By order of
the Directors.
LINDIA OFFICE, 30th November, 1811.
lyorder of the Secretary of State for Inuia in Council.
NOTICE is hereby given, that packages, stated to
contain reserved articles from the estates of deceased officers and
soldiers of the late East India Company's service, and of Her Majesty's
Indian Military Forces, have from time to time been received from
the Governments of the respective Presidencies in India.
PACKAGES containing articres reserved from the following estate
remain UNCLAIMED, viz.:—
28. Crawford, J., gunner, Bengal Artillery.
260. Fielding, G., gunner, Madras Artillery.
56D. Fenwick, F., Lieutenant, 10th Bombay Native Infantry.
64A. Greeniaw, A. J., Liettenant-Colonel, Madras Staif Corps.
72A. Higgins, J., gunner, Bengal Artillery.
75A. Harris, T., bombardier, Bombay Artillery.
87. Kelly, W., alias Green, private, 2d Bombay European Infantry.
88. Keough, S., private, Madras Establishment.
93a. Langridge, W., private, 2nd Madras European Infantry.
110. Middleton,
Thomas, sergeant.
111. M'Donald, J., Bengal Establishment.
112. Mathews, T., bombardier, Bombay Artillery.
131. Read, S., private, Bombay Establishment.
149, Solieri, Jacomo.
169. Wi son, Wm., Quartermaster, India Flotilla.
170, Wemyss, J., Bengal Artillery.
Applications for such packages should be made by the next of kin
of the deceased, or by the legal representatives of such next of kin, to
the Military Secretary, at this Office.
In the event of any of the packages in question remaining unclaimed
for the further period of six months from this date, they will be opened,
the contents be disposed of by sale, and the amount realized be credited
to the estate of the deceased.	T. T. PEARS, Mayor-General,
Military Secretary.

NEXT of KIN.—£16,000.—AUSTIN. BUSHELL,
CORFE, HARING.—WANTED, RELATIONS of:— George,
Edward Austin, brothers, assurance-office, 1810; Elisabeth Bushell.
Islington, 1760; Mary Corfe, Berks, 1780 ; John Haring, merchant,
city, 1825. Apply, by letters only, to M. MATFIELD, Kelly's, Gray's-inn.
GRUBB.—Next of Kin.—WANTED, RELATIONS
f Richard Grubb, merchant; of his sisters, Jane Grubb, Nelly,
or Eleanor or Elien; Nanney or Ann; and Jane Grubb—all living in
London, 1780-1800. Apply, by letter, to Mr. MATFIELD, Kelly's,
Gray's-inn, London0.
METROPOLITAN AUDIT DISTRICT. —Strand
Union.—I, the undersigned Hugh Lioyd Roberts, Auditor of
te abovenamd District, do hereby give notice that I have appointed
the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the STRAND UNION, and of the
parishes therem contained, for the half-year ended 25th Soptembe
1871, to commence on Friday, the 15th day of December, 1871, at
10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Board Room of the Guardians of the
said parish, when and where all persons who by law are bound to
account at such Audit are required to attend, and to submit all books,
documents, bills, and vouchers, containing or relating to the accounts
or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to the relief of the poor.—
Dated the 30th day of November, 1871.
(Signed)
H. LLOYD ROBERTS, District Auditor.
NORTH-EAST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Hamlet of Mile-end Old-town.—I, the undersigned.
Thomas Drake Ratoliff, Attorney at-Law, Auditor of the above¬
named district, do here 
give notice that I have appointed the
AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the abovenamed hamlet, for the half¬
year ended 29th September, 1871, to commence on Friday, the 15th day
of December, 1871, at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, at the Workhouse of
the said hamlet, when and where all persons who by law are bound to
account at such audit are required to attend, and to submit all books,
documents, bills, and vouchers, containing or relating to the accounts
or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the poor.—
Dated the 30th day of November, 1871.
(Signed) THOS. W. RATCLIFF, District Auditor.
CHARITY COMMISSION.—In the Matter of
TRINITY HOSPITAL, at East Greenwich, Kent.—By direction
of the Board or Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, notice
is hereby given, that the following PROPERTY of the abovementioned
Charity, viz.:—Certain Plots of Land, situate on the south side of
Trinity-place, Charing-cross, in the city of Westminster, being parts of
the site of certain messuages and buildings in Craigs-court, in the
respective occupations of the Earl of Harrington and Messrs. Cox and
Co., and of a garden attached thereto, and bounded on the east by the
gardens attached to Northumberland-house, is proposed to be SOLD by
the Trustees thereof, with the sanction of the said Board, for the sum of
£7,600, unless some sufficient objection to such sale, whether having refe¬
rence to the sufficiency of the price or to any other reason, shall be made
known to the said Commissioners within 15 days from the first publi¬
cation of this notice.
Any person prepared to notify such objection should forthwith
transmit the same to the said Commissioners in writing, addressed to
their Secretary, No. 8, York-street, St. James's-square, London.
HENRY M. VANE, Secretary.
Dated the 29th day of November, 1871.
THE ELEMENTARY EDUCATION ACT, 1870,
33 and 34 Victoria, c. 75.—Notice of Audit.—The SCHOOL
BOARD for LONDON.—I, the undersigned Auditor of the Metropo¬
litan Audit District within which the above named School Board Dis¬
trict is partly situate, and the Auditor by whom the Poor Law Board
have by their order directed that the accounts of the said School Board
shall be audited, hereby give notice, that I appoint the AUDIT of the
ACCOUNTS of the said School Board for the half-year ended the 25th
day of March, 1871, to be held on Monday, the 18th day of December,
1871, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the office of the said School Board,
at 33, New Bridge-street, London, when and where all persons who by
law are bound to account at such audit are required to attend, and pro¬
duce all books of account, bills, vouchers, and other documents in their
custody or control relating to such accounts. Dated this 30th day of
November, 1871.
H. LLOYD ROBERTS District Auditor.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP
heretofore subsisting between us, the undersigned, Henry Wood,
Henry Thomas Wood, and John Julien Wood, carrying on business as
flannel and carpet warehousemen, at No. 22, Watling-street, and Red

Warling-street aforesaid, in the city of London, under the
style or firm of Henry and Thomas Wood and Co., was this day DE¬
TERMINED and DISSOLVED by mutual consent.—As witness our
hands this 27th day of Norember, 1871.

HENRY THOMAS WOOD.
JOHN JULIEN WOOD.
Witness to the signing of all the above parties by Wm. Robinson, 18,
Charterhouse-square, Solicitor.
THE WRECK of the DON, s.s., in the China Sea.
Shippers of goods from Liverpool to Shanghae are requested
to FORWARD COPIES of BILLS of LADING and INVOICES to
Messrs. W. Elmslie and Son, of Lloyd's, Average Adjusters, 12, St.
Michael's-alley, Cornhill, in order that the salvage may be distributed.
THE THAMES PLATE-GLASS COMPANY
(Limited), blackwall.—The FIRE at the Company's works being con¬
fined to the roof of one of the casting halls and a portion of the roof
of the glasshouse, leaving the melting furnaces and one of the casting
halls uninjured, no interruption will take place in the manufacture.
DUC de MONTEBELLOS CHAMPAGNES.—
Caution.—Whereas, an INJUNCTION in Chancery has been
obtained in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Gemmer," restraining
the defendant and all others from selling or parting with sundry cases
of Rhenish wine, imported from Rotterdam, containing bottles bearing
imitation Duc de Montebello's labels and corks, and further prohi¬
biting the importation or sale of all wines bearing such imitation labels
or corks; and whereas, in the cause "Duc de Montebello y Jebens,"
tried in the Tribunal Correctionnel of Havre, a parcel of 250 cases,
containing 3,000 bottles of wine, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello
labels and corks, seized by the French Customs' authorities (the said
spurious wines having been sent from Germany and Havre to be
thence shipped to England, and thus through the colourable importa¬
tion from a French port to avoid de ection on arrival here), were ad¬
judged to be confiscated; all persons are hereby cautioned sgainst deal¬
ing with spurious champagnes, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello

TAMPLIN and TAYLER, 159, Fenchurch-Street, E.C.,
olicitore.
the Duc de Montebello.
R. SYMONDS and SON, 3, Ingram-court, 167, 168, Fen¬
church-street, E.C., Agents to the Ducde Montebello.
DUC de MONTEBELLOS CHAMPAGNES.—
B. SYMONDS and SON direct especial attention to the pre¬
ceding CAUTION, as renewed attempts are being made to introduce
spurious wines, bearing forged Duc de Montebelle labels and corks.
The genuine Duc de Montebello's Champagnes can be obtained of any
respectable wine meschant in town or country
AZENBYS HARVEYS SAUCE.—In Chancery:
William Lazenby v. John Atkinson White, carrying on business,
under the style of Marshall and White at Tavistock-house, Covent¬
arden.—Notice is hereby given, that a Decree for a PERPETUAL
INJUNCTION was, on the 15th day of November last, GRANTED
by the Master of the Rolls (which has since been confirmed on appeal
by the Lords Justices), restraining the defendant, his servants, and
agents from selling any Harvey's Sauce not made by the plaintiff, and
purporting to be the original Lazenby's Harvey's Sauce, and from pub¬
lishing any advertisement representing the defendant to be the pro¬
prietor of the original Lazenby's Harvey's Sauce, and from selling any
sauce purporting to be Harvey's Sauce, prepared by Elizabeth Lazenby
and Sons, or by any successor to E. Lazenby and Sons, or at 6. Ed¬
wards-street, Portman-square, London, or contained in bottles to
which any labels are affixed similar to those used by the said William
Lagenby, of so expressed as by colourable imitation or otherwise to re¬
present the sauce sold by the defendant to be the same as the Harvey's
Sauce prepared and sold by the said William Lazenby; and notice is
hereby further given, that legal proceedings will forthwith be taken
against all persons who, after the date hereof, shall in any similar man¬
ner infringe the rights of the said William Lazenby, the successor to
E. Lazenby and Son, of 6, Edwards-street, Portman-square, now
No. 92, Wigmore-street London
C. F. SMITH, 15, Golden-square, Plaintiff's Solicitor.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label, used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby.
PRIVATE INQUIRIES made, at home and
abroad, in Divorce, Libel, Business, and all cases requiring de
tective tact and experjence. Freuch, and Spanish spoken.—E. BUR¬
CHELL and Co., 209, Gresham-house, 24, Old Broad-street, E.C.
WHITE and SILVERTON'S PRIVATE IN¬
QUIRY OFFICE.—INQUIRIES of every description CON¬
DUCTED (20 years' experience). Fixed rate of charges for town
country, and continent forwarded on application.—8, Duke-st., Adelphi.
