GEORGE K.—L—I did not dare send for a copy of

ahe Argosy magazine, lest your advertisement might have been
seen. To day I have
natched. I have referred to the
caere re  one
saete e indicated by you
age 281, and need n t 

Where are yo

on Saturda

next, the 14th inst., reserved seats. Co e.
me there? This is my last hoy
THE Rev. C. F. S. MONEY, Incumbent of St.
John's, Deptford, desires to ACKNOWLEDGE, with many
thanks, £25, from Fund raised on the Stock Exchange for special cases
o f distore.
WORTH LONDON or UNIVERSITY COLLEGE
HOSPITAL.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEIPT of £5 to the fundf of the Charity, from D. S., Bromp¬
ANHEP.—If any person of the above name will
APPLY to Mr. MacColla, 19, Parliament-street, S.W., he will

IF HENRY KIRWAN, son of the late J. Kirwan, of
Leeson-street.
street, Dublin, he will HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE.
American and Australian papers please copy
J. CUPPA, Manchester.—BILL for £150, drawn
ome, addressed London, due 16th March
not accepted,
will be PAID by Messrs. Rich, Marshall, and Co., 26, Nicholas-lane,
London, with notarial expenses.
CAUTION. —BANKERS, Bill Discounters and
others are hereby CAUTIONED against NEGCTIATING the
following BILL of EXCHANGE, which has been LOST, viz.:— Two
Nnon Messrs.
—s
Ralli and Psicha, Liverpool, to the order of G. Z. Aligoridi; dated
February 22d, at 3 months' date; due May 25th; endorsed by Th. J.
Coronio.—London, March 11th, 1868, 18, Cullum-street, E.C.
CAUTION to BANKERS, Bill Discounters, and
Others.—LOST, in transmission through the post. TWO BILLS
of EXCHANGE for £2,000 each, Nos. B44 and BA5,drawn by Dy.


and Co., by the Second National Bank of Boston, James

at 60 days'
dated Boston, 14th February, 18
E.
tine e e,
accepted
aring, Brothers.
ee Mg sre.
1o6e 26t e an.
Messrs.

order.
1868, to
daorsed e tobert Stevens
C. F. Hovey and Co., and by
e
and Son. Bankers and others are hereby cautioned against nego¬
tig
ng or receiving the same.—2. Austinfriars, o ar at re.
street, city.

LOHN LEECH.—LOST, a
ORTRAIT, in water


oeed to have been withis
R.A. The above drawing,

of a booh (Hills's Etchings of Animals), lent by Mr. Millais, and not
ta e dr Should this me



will greatly oblige by returning the book to 7, Cromwell-place, South
Kensington.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 2d of
March, between the Crystal Palace and the London-bridge plat¬
form (Crystal Palace) of the L.B. and S. C. Railway, a GOLD LEVER

will take the same to Mr. Mitchell, Chancery Registrar's-office, Chan¬
cery-lane, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD. —Supposed to have been
LEFT in a CAB, on Saturday last, a BLACK BAG, containing
papers of no value to any one but own
the above reward will be paid
yone taking the same to Mr. J. Tuck, stationer, 6, Union-court,
Old Broad-street.
HEED LOST (ONE POUND REWARD), on
Tuesday afternoon, between Somerset-house and Bucklersbury.
Whoever has found and will return the same to Hepburn and Co., law
stationers, 7, Pancras-lane, Bucklersbury, shall receive the above
reward.
CAME ASTRAY, on Saturday, the 29th February,
a large BLACK CURLY NEWFOUNDLAND DOG. If not
OWNED within three days, will be SOLD to defray expenses. Apply
to Mr. Griffiths, Horns Tavern, 1, Hackney-road.
BANK of ENGLAND. — Unclaimed Dividends.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the payment of three dividends on the sum of £500
Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name
of ROBERT FITCH, of Thaxted, Essex, maltster, and which dividends
were paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Nationdl
asse
since the 5th January, 1858;—Notice is hereby given, thation the ex¬
piration of three months from this date the said Dividends will be
paid to Robert Fitch, who has claimed the same, unless some other
—
GREAT FIRE at WEST SMITHFIELD.—
Messrs. GEO. FARMILOE and SONS beg to inform their friends
and the public generally that they have made arrangements for conduct¬
ing their BUSINESS AS USUAL during the repairs to their premises,
rendered necessary by the great fire which occurred early this morning.
All communications will be received at their address as before.—
No. 34, St. John-street, West Smithfield, March 11.

MILLWALL DOCKS-OFFICES,
place, Fenchurch-street, E.C.—The MILLWALL DOCKS are
now OPEN for the reception of shipping and merchandize
The entrance lock of these docks is by far the largest in Lendon,
being 450 feet long and 80 feet wide.
Inside the wet dock is a dry deck 413 feet long and 65 feet wide, con¬
structed on the most approved plan, and having 25 feet of water on the
cill at Trinity high water.
The docks are on the north side of the river, adjoining the West
India Docks, and are opposite the Commercial Docks.
There is communication with the city by steamer from Millwall
pier, and by the Blackwall Railway to Fenchurch-street Station by
train every 15 minutes from West India Dock Station, between
which and the Millwall Dock entrance omnibuses run, meeting the

The Millwall Docks have 28 feet of water on the cill, and, having
three pairs of lock gates at the entrance, can give ingress and egress
to barges and small vessels at all times of the tide.
The docks provide excellent warehouse accommedation, and are
fully supplied with cranes capable of lifting from 35 cwt. to 15 tons,

Sheer legs, worked by steam, and of a capacity of 50 tons, are being
crected for masting and dismasting, and the shipment and discharge


djustin.
Buoy.—Inside the dock is a bucy, at which vessels can
adjust their compasses.
There is telegraphic communication open to the public, free, between
the dock.
and Dock-house, Railway-place, Fenchurch-street, E.C.
In respect to charges, the Millwall Docks offer speciall advantages to

The undersigned will be happy to supply further particulars upon
ppiiea.
G. R. BIRT, General Manager.
CONTRACT for HAMMOCKS.

ADMIRALTY,

THE Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord
High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire¬
ando
on Tuesday.
t h h tpril next, at 2
thereby give notice, t
o'clock.
toe t
the e e e.
with such persons as may be willing
to CONTRACT for SUPPLYING and delivering into

Deptford, 50,0.
lockyard
Majest.;
HAMMOCKS.
Patterns of the hammocks and a for
the tender and conditions
of contract may be n

the Storckeper General's
Department, A
Boe ael e, omerset-house. No tender will be re.
eive
after 2 o'clock on the day of treaty, nor will any e
e d unless the
aete et o  h is
party attends, or
duly authorized in writing
Every tender must be addressed to the Secretary of the Admirs

tite hed cor,
tae e r e n n tin




te et of


General, Admiralty, S.
ret-house

a letter,
ccompanien
bhe t e e or,

tendering in the sum of £25 per cent. on the value for the due perfor¬
By order,

ANTONIO BRADY, Registrar of Contracts and Public Securities.
CONTRACTS for LINSEED, Neatsfoot, and Sperm OILS.
CONTRACT DEPARTMENT, Admiralty, Somerset-house,

CHE Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord
High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire¬
land do hereby give notice, that on Tuesday, the 7th April next,
at 2 o'clock, they will be ready to treat with such persons as may be
willing to CONTRACT for SUPPLYING, and delivering into store at
Her Majesty's several dockyards, LINSEED OIL, Neatsfoot Oil, and
Spermaceti Oll.
Distributions of the oils, and forms of the tenders, and cenditions of
the conte

he lobby of the Storekeeper Generai's
Department, Admiralty, Somerset h
No tender will be received after 2 o'clock on the day of treaty, nor
will any be noticed unless the party attends, or an agent for him duly
authorized in writing.
Every tender must be addressed to the Secretary of the Admiralty
and bear in the left-hand corner the words "Tender for 

must also be delivered at the Department of the Storekeeper-General,
Admiralty, Somerset-house, accompanied by a letter signed by two re¬
sponsibie persons engaging to become bound with the person tendering
in the sum of £25 per cent, on the value for the due performance of
the contract for linseed oil, and by one responsible person of each of
By order,
the other contrats.
ANTONIO BRADY, Registrar of Contracts and Public Securities.
THE ASYLUM for IDIOTS. Earlswood, Redhill,
Surrey.—Contracts for Supplies.—The Board of Management
will meet on Wednesday, the 18th inst., at 10 o'clock a.m., to receive
and consider TENDERS for the SUPPLY of MEAT, Flour, and Soap,
for the use of the Asylum, for the quarter ending June 24th, 1868.
Full particulars, with a printed form of tender and forms of con¬
tract, may be obtained on application at the office, 29, Poultry,
between 10 and 4 o'clock. —Dated this 11th day of March, 1863.
fice, 29, Poultry, E.C. WILLIAM NICHOLAS, Secretary.
TO BUILDERS, Manufacturers, and others.—The
Fishmongers Company are ready to RECEIVE TENDERS for a
BUILDING LEASE or LEASES for covering about two acres of
GROUND, conveniently situate near the Elephant and Castle, and
being at the east end of Paragon-row, Locks-fields, Walworth, which
is peculiarly adapted for manufacturing, dwelling-house, or model
lodging-house purposes. Apply for further particulars to Mr. W. E.
Towse, at Fishmongers'-hall, London-bridge; or to Mr. Thomas Chat¬
fieldo
and surveyor, 137, en.
cearchil
taennall-street.
E.C.
OOTHE
Y.—
 Dust
SITHE VESTRY, S nr.
Contractors and others.—Notice is hereby given, that the Vestry

will meet on Tuesday
1e 24th day of March inst., at the
oard Room at the Workhouse, Deptford Lower-road, to receive an
determine
On TENDERS for REMOVING from the dwellings of

ab et anets, on e in every fo ene
a
DUST, Ashes. Dirt. Filth 
for one year, from the 3d day of April
next.
toe ers to be left with the Clerks, on or befo e
t o'cloc k aet
on
on
sday.
said 24th day of March; after whicht

tedn e e e e ed
We e

ane dedrese

re¬
te s reties, who will
ired to join in a bond for the due performance of the contract.
The expen s e of
che ond and contract to he boer
by the contractor.
 e et r e eod
not engage te accept the lowest or any tender. For par¬
ticulars and forms of tender (which only can be received) appl
at the
ther.
Clerks offices, 61, Paradise-street,
he.
By order,	HAWKS and STOKES, Clerks.
ar cen.
166.
WE E T D
—.
NOORP T.
LUNIOS.

Bakers, Butchers, Grocers, Chees.


Olmen, Greengrocers, Brushmakers, Coal Merchants, Haberdashers,
Horiers, Linendrapers, Woollendrapers, Shoemakers, and Printers.—
The Guardians will meet at the ae r.

aesas
inn, Holborn, on Monday, the 16th day of March instant, a t 3 o',

the afternoon precisely, to receive TENDERS for new CONTRACTS.
Persons willing to contract must send by or before 2 o'clock on Mon¬
day, the 16th day of March instant, to my office, No. 5, St. Andre.
F's
court, Holborn, scaled tenders, stating the terms on which they will
enter into such contracts.
lamples of some of the articles proposed to be contracted for may be
seen on application to Mr. Phillips, master, at the e e e
Corn¬
orkhouse
wallis-road, Holloway. Particulars of printing required may be seen

The contractors will be required to enter into a bond for the due per¬
formance of their respective contracts.
Forms of tender, stating the periods for which the Guardians will
take such contracts, and other particulars,
bie ad at m y ofce, on
and after the 10th instant, and no other form of tender will be accepted.
By order, JOHN PONTIFEX, Clerk.
No. 5, St. Andrew's-court, Holborn, March, 1868.

IST CONTRACTORS, and oth
—Notice is

oe ien,e that the Works Committee of the Vestry of the
pario of
Panoras will m
Lessesaas
of
Wor
 No. 10, Edward-street, Hampstead-road, on Mond.
the 23d.

1868, to receive TENDERS from perso
a wiling to CON¬
RACT for the REMOVAL of
AL ASHES, Dust, &c., from Ward
t o 2 o the s ie

to the terms of specification, to be

th e o fice of Mr. 

tes Sur¬

a


o'clock at noon on the said 23 March. Ten o.
te i e 
te e p rope oesed centractors, with the
mes and descerie 
suficlent sureties for the due performance of the contract, to th
office of the Department of Works, by 6 o'clock in 
evening pre¬


sete e
saeet¬
any tender. No tender will be.


unless made out on the printed form, nor will any tender be
eld.
rieaede or onsid
tes n of


therewith as eviden e e th at
te en nder is made bon e


me edately to persons whose

be accepted,

and and contract shall be duly executed by each
party he
tender shall be acepted, and to be forfeited in the
ent
of his or their sureties refusing or negie ing to ere
tot ond and

By order
CHAS. WORRELL, Chief Clerk of the Department of Works,
10, Edward-street, Hampstoad-roa.
CLERK to GUARDIANS.—REQUIRED, a GEN¬
TLEMAN, between the ages of 30 and 457
a te to undertake the
bo o ve de l o,

teie e o ity with
the orders
d regulations of the Poor Law Board, and duly conver
sant with the law of
tem en t .
ll be reuired te devote the

is e e t t e duties of th e o f fic y
oei ei ie i i t or
ry £250 per aunum. Applicat

ae ed "Clerk to the
Guardians," with testimonials inot e
eding thre in number), to be

fo
or of the parish of Clerkenwell,

at the Workhouse, Faringdon-road, by 4 o'cleck p.m. on Monday, the
23d inst.
NOTICE.—Messrs. W. CHILLINGWORTH and
SON, wine merchants, 43, Great Tower-street, London, beg to
state that their business is solely carried on at the above address, and
that they are in no way connected with other firms of the same name,
