ISABELLA has RECEIVED the NOTE, ssuee—
PERCY, COME at once. All is worse than you
expected. I consent to all you wish for the child's good.—
No. 2. Shaftesbury-crescent.
M. M. to BEDFORD. —The two last advertisements
have escaped notice. A THIRD LETTER, with better news,
AWAITS YOU where the last was obtained, with your name only.
THE TREASURER of the ROYAL FREE HOS¬
PITAL, Gray's-inn-road, begs to ACKNOWLEDGE the RE¬
CEIPT of a BANK of ENGLAND NOTE for £5, from G.
LOST, on Tuesday night, in the pit of St. James's
Theatre, a PAIR of GOLD-MOUNTED SPECTACLES. Who¬
ever has found the same and will bring them to Mr. Woodards,
No. 2, Spring-st., Sussex-gardens, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, in Upper Albany-street, on the 4th March,
a TABBY TOM CAT, with red collar and bell. Whoever will
bring the same to 15, Upper Albany-street, Regent's-park, shall receive
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. No further reward offered.
LOST, on Monday afternoon, the 2d March (sup¬
posed to hve been dropped at Marshall and Snellgrove's), a
LEATHER PURSE, containing a £5 note and £1 in silver. Any one
finding the same and bringing it to 12, Chesham-place, shall be RE¬

LOST, a small BLACK and TAN TERRIER
BITCH, from South-street, Park-lane, on the 5th of March:
answers to the name of "Tiny." Whoever will bring the same to
Messrs. Ponsford and Reed, news agents, South-street, Grosvenor¬
square, shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
FIFTEEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in Lon¬
don, on the night of Tuesday, February 24, a GOLD HUNTING
WATCH, made by Arnold, London, No. 217, winds up at the handle,
engraved with crest and motto. Apply to Mr. Edward Ford, 22, Lord¬
street, Liverpool.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, or dropped in
a cab, on the evening of the 4th inst., at the Princess's Theatre,
o e et ween that place and Kensington-park-gardens, a Gold ENA¬
MELLED BRACELET. Whoever will bring the same to 14, Blooms¬

DOG LOST.—THREE POUNDS REWARD.—
LOST, three weeks ago, a small MALTESE DOG, white, except¬
ing ears, which are black Whoever will bring it to G. Armstrong,

MR. JAMES CUMMING, who lived at or near
Brompton, in the year 1838, and subsequently removed to
Montreal, in Canada, is requested to SEND his present ADDRESS to

BRANDY WARRANTS.—Notice.—An injunction
has to-day been granted by his Honour Vice-Chancellor Wood, in
a suit of "Bourband v. Bourband," restraining the defendant, Anto¬
nin Bourband, from parting with and endorsing the undermentioned
dock warrants to any other person than the plaintiff Edouard
Bourband, or as he may direct, and restraining the London Dock Com¬
pany from parting with the brandics referred to in such warrants, to
any other person than the plaintiff, or as he may direct.—Dated this
5th of March, 1863.
SIMPSON and CULLINGFORD, 17, Gracechurch¬
street, Plaintiff's Solicite.
Bradies ex Pilot: marked Ed. Bourband and Co., Cognac. War¬
rants dated 6th November, 1862:—
AB: No. 135 to 140.	Warrants No. 60,212 to 60,217
AB: No. 141 to 160	ditto No. 60,218 to 60,227
ditto No. 60,224 to 60,225
AB: No. 163 to 1640 0
BD: No. 165 to 1690 0
ditto No. 60,226 to 60,230
B.N.
172 to 2010 0
30 cases of brandy
ditto.
BB: No. 202 to 231
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To MARY ELSLEY, now or late
of Church-street, in the parish of Twickenham, in the county of Mid¬
dlesex.—Take notice that a CITATION bearing date the 19th day of
November, 1862, has issued under seal of Her Maiesty's Court for
Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, at the instance of William Henry
Elsley, of Whitton-park, in the parish of Twickenham, in the said
county of Middlesex, coachman in the service of Charles Edward
L 
teers, citing you to appear in the said Court within eight days after ser¬
vice thereof, then and there to answer his petition, filed in the said
Court, praying for a dissolution of his marriage with you ; and such
citation contains an intimation that in default, of your so doing, the

of law, and pronounce sentence therein, your absence notwithstand¬

A. J. BAYFORD, Registrar.
A. HAYNES, 12, Southampton-buildings, Chancery-lane, Lon¬

IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
JOHN FULLER, of Australia.—Take notice, that a CITATION has
issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, at the instance of
John Smith Fudge, the nominee of Elizabeth Spencer, widow, the
residuary legatee for life, and Fanny Williams, wife of Alfred Williams,
Susan Fudge, wife of the said John Smith Fudge, Elizabeth Spencer,
spinster, and John Spencer, the children of the said Elizabeth Spencer,
widow and as such of the contingent residuary legatees, substituted in
the will of Sarah Smith, widow, deceased; citing you as one of the
natural and lawful children, and one of the next of kin of William
Fuller, late of the parish of Batheaston, in the county of Somerset,
maltster (who died on the 2d day of February, 1859, at Church-street,
Widcombe, Bath, in the said county of Somerset, and who was, while
living, the surviving executor of the said will of the said testatrix), to

day of such service, in our said Court of Probate, and accept or refuse
letters of adminisiration of the personal estate and effects of the said
William Fuller, deceased, or show caus e why the same should not be
granted to the said John Smith Fudge, limited so far only as concerns
all the estate, right, title, and interest of the said deceased, in and to
the sum of £184 15s. 3d. Three per cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities,
and the dividends and interest due and to grow due thereon, with an
intimation thereon, that in default of your so appearing and accepting


rity, your absence notwithstanding.
A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
W. J. BARRETT, Solicitor, 7, Bell-yard, Doctors'¬
commons, London.
MAIZENA.—It has been recently discovered that

pound, which has been sold with the name and title of Maizena affixed

facturers of "a peculiar preparation of the most nutritious properties
of the Indian corn" which preparat ion the said Company have for
some years sold under the title of Maizena, which word forms an

CAUTION all persons from infringing their said trade mark, and from
using the name Maizena, or any colourable imitation thereof, as in
case of breach immediate proceedings will be taken in the Court of
Chancery for an injunction.

that the sole consignees of Maizena in the United Kingdom are Messrs.
Tomlin, Rendell, and Co., 33, Eastcheap, London
HEAD and PATTISON, 5, Martin's-lane, Cannon-street,
Solicitors for the Glen Cove Company.
DUC de MONTEBELLO's CHAMPAGNES.—
CAUTION.—Whereas an INJUNCTION in Chancery has been
obtained in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Gemmer," restraining the
defendant and all others from selling or parting with sundry cases of
Rhenish wine, imported from Rotterdam, containing bottles bearing
imitation Duc de Montebello labels and corks, and further prohibiting
the importation or sale of all wines bearing such imitation labels or
corks; And whereas, in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Jebons," tried
in the Tribunal Correctionel of Havre, a parcel of 250 cases, containing


having been sent from Germany to Havre to be thence shipped to Eng¬
land, and thus, through the colourable importation from a French
port, to avoid detection on arrival here), were adjudged to be confis¬
cated: All persons are hereby cautioned against dealing with spurious
Champagnes bearing imitation Duc de Montebello labels and corks.
TAMPLIN and TAYLER, 159, Fenchurch-street, E.C.,
Solicitors to the Plaintift.
R. SYMONDS and SOR, 3, Ingram-court, 167-168, Fen¬
church-street, E.C., Agents to the Plaintiff.
CLICQUOT's CHAMPAGNE.— Counterfeit Brand.
—Injunction.—It having been recently discovered that certain
persons were offering for sale several parcels of spurious and inferior
wines, in bottles of which the corks are branded with a counterfeit of
the brand of the firm of VEUVE CLICQUOT PONSARDIN, an
INJUNCTION was, on the 13th day of Februarg, 1863, granted by His
Honour the Master of the Rolls in the suit of "Ponsardin and others
v. Stear and others," restraining the defendant Stear, his servants and
agents, from selling or offering for sale, or in any way dealing with the
said wine, and restraining the defendants, Messrs. Joseph Barber and
Co., of Brewer's-quay, from parting with any of the said wine which is
now in their possession, and for which they have issued warrants.
And a further injunction was, on the 18th day of the said month
of February, also granted by his Honour the Master of the Rolls
in the suit of "Ponsardin and others v. Sir Samuel Morton
Peto, Bart., and others," to restrain them from parting with
another parcel of 149 cases of the same wine now lying at the
Victoria London Docks, or any part of such last mentioned wines,
The whole of the wines in question were (with others) imported in
December last in the sailing ship Gazelle, from Dunkirk, in cases
marked VT with B under, entered by Comyn, and the warrants or some
of them in the name of one H. Bernard. All persons are hereby cautioned
against buying or advancing money upon the warrants for any wine
with such counterfeit brand, and any persons to whom the same may
be offered for sale, or as security for advances, are requested to com¬
municate immediately with Mr. Robert Selby, 31, Eastcheap, the plain¬
tiff's sole agent for Great Britain and its dependencies, or with me.
J. WILSON NICHOLSON, Plaintiff's Solicitor, 48, Lime-street.
PUBLIC ENTRY of the Princess ALEXANDRA.
—POLICE REGULATIONS for the CITY of LONDON.—No
carriages will be permitted to pass into the following thoroughfares,
or the approaches thereto, after 10 o'clock in the morning, unless con¬
veying company to houses or sittings within the line, or unless privi¬
leged to take part in the procession, viz.:—

St. Paul's churchyard
Ludgate-hill, and
King William-street
Poultry
Fleet-street.
Cheapside
Carriages proceeding to places within the line will be allowed to pass
up to the hour of 11 o'clock.
No person will be permitted to cross over, or remain on, London¬
bridge from half-past 12 o'clock until the procession shall have passed.
C. G. HODGSON, Acting Commissioner.
City Police-office, March 4. 1863.
RUCKS POLICE FNOTICE.—In order to avoid
danger to the public, and obstruction to the progress to Windsor

of Denmark, on Saturday, the 7th inst., notice is hereby given,
that NO CARRIAGE, vehicle, or person on horseback will be
ALLOWED to PASS along the main road BETWEEN SLOUGH
STATION and WINDSOR-BRIDGE from the hour of 4 o'clock in
the afternoon till such time as the Royal cortege shall have passed.
Notice is also given, that no carriage, vehicle, or person on horsebac
will be permitted to take standing along the above line of route.

March 3, 1863.
Chief Constable of Buckinghamshire.
ON Tuesday, the 10th, the day of the Marriage of
H. R. H. the Prince of Wales, CAPPER, SON, and Co., linen¬
drapers by appointment to H. M. the Queen, and to H. R. H. the
Prince of Wales, will NOT OPEN their SHOP.—69, Gracechurch¬
street, March 5, 1863.
IFEBOAT SERVICES.—The Committee of the
Royal National Lifeboat Institution earnestly APPEAL to the
public for ASSISTANCE to enable them to meet the continued heavy
demands on the Institution's 123 lifeboat establishments. During the
past year 358 shipwrecked sailors have been saved by the Society's life¬
boats. Contributions are received by all the London and country
bankers, and by the Secretary, Mr. Richard Lewis, at the Institu¬
tion, 14, John-Street, Adelphi.
The Annual Meeting of the Institution will be held at the London
Tavern on Tuesday, the 17th inst., at 2 o'clock, Lord Lovaine,

CHELSEA and PIMLICO EXPRESS OMNI¬
BUSES.—Saving of 20 minutes.—On and after March 5th these
omnibuses will leave the Compasses, passing the Monster, Lupus-street,
Lambeth-bridge, Obelisk, London-bridge Stations, to the Bank, at
Sh. Om., 9h. 30m., 11h. Om., 12h. 30m., 3h. Om., 4h. 3Om., 6h. Om., re¬
turning at 8h. 45m., 10h. 15m., 11h. 45m., 1h. 15m., 3h. 45m., 5h. 15m.,

THE ANTHROPOLOGICAL SOCIETY of
LONDON, founded for the Study of Man and Mankind, and for
the Publication of a Quarterly Journal, Original Memoirs, and a
Series of Translations. A prospectus and other particulars will be
forwarded on application to C. Carter Blake, Esq., Honorary Secretary,
No. 4, St. Martin's-place.
PARIS PERMANENT UNIVERSAL EXHIBI¬
TION.—The construction of the building specially designed for
this Exhibition is already far advanced, and is rapiily progressing. In¬
tending exhibitors are reminded that SPACE will be ALLOTTED
according to priority of application. Forms of agreement and full in¬
formation may be obtained, and a recently printed list of those who
have engaged space may be inspected, at the offices of Messrs. J.
Studdy, Leigh, and Co., agents for Great Britain, Ireland, and the
Colonies, 27, Leadenhall-Street. London, E.C.; and also at the offices

CLUB CHAMBERS ASSOCIATION.—The
ROOMS which will become VACANT on the 31st of March inst.
may be seen on application to the Secretary. The rent includes the

of servants, &c. The sitnation is one of the most eligible in London.

J. RUSSELL CLIPPERTON, Secretary.
No. 15, Regent-street, S.W., March, 1863.
BILLIARD TABLE, second-hand, by Thurston,
full-sized, in excellent condition, with slate bed, indiarubber

Ramsey and Son, billard and bagatelle makers, 59, Hatton-garden,

plain tables, with equipments, from 38 guineas and upwards,
