MR. JOHN DOUGLAS JOHNSTONE is requested


IF a SWISS PROTESTANT, named HENRI

Florence in 1843, would be glad to heer from him. Address to A. D.,
No. 4. Russell-street, Bab.
FREDERICK GEBHARD, American ship of
——
—Parties having insured or underwritten ship freight chartered freight.

sses
ALEXANDER MARK KERR (TEN POUNDS
REWARD) ABSCONDED, from Tiverton, in the county of
Levon, charged before the borough magistrates with having obtained

43 years of age, 5 feet 10 or 11 inches in height, dark hair and com¬
plexion, black moustache military appearance, &3. Information to the
Private Inquiry-office, Devereux-court, Temple, where a warrant is
held for the apprehension of the said Alexander Mark Kerr.—C. F.
Field, late Chier Inspector of the Metropolitan Detective Police
TO SOLICITORS and others.—Belize, Honduras, or
Mosquito Territory.—If the solicitor who offered a percentage on a
sum of money to the captain of a vessel trading to the above territory,
about the year 1857 or 1858 if he (the captain) could discover where a
person of the name of BASIL JONES died, about 80 or 90 years ago,
will now apply to Messrs. Tate and Dodd, solicitors, 32, Bucklersbury,

TO CABDRIVERS.—ONE POUND REWARD.—
A FOREIGN GENTLEMAN was driven in a four-wheel cab
to 24, Orchard-street, Portman-square, about 6 o'clock on Thursday
evening last, 6th September. He waited there about an hour, and
then went away with some luggage in the same cab. The driver was
told on starting to go to St. Katharine's-wharf. The driver is requested
to apply immediately to Messrs. R. and S. Mullens, solicitors, 7, Poul¬
try, London, E.C.

TWO HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. —Fire at
Shadwell. — Whereas, the FIRE at Messrs. FROST. BROTHERSL
Ropery, Shadwell, on Sunday, September 2, is SUSPECTED to have
been the WORK of an INCENDIARY, the above reward will be
paid to anyone who may give such information as will lead to the con¬
viction of the offender by James J. Frost, sen.—Ropery, Shadwell,
London, Sept. 6. 1860.
LOST, a DIAMOND, from a ring, at Carlisle or
Stafford Station, or in the railway carriage from Glasgow to
London, on the 11th inst. The finder will please communicate with
Mr. Campbell, 3, Claremont-terrace, Gia-gow.
LOST, on Saturday evening, from an omnibus, be¬
tween Hungerford-market and the Mother Shipton, a LITTLE
BOOK, containing a description of a journey in Switzerland. Who¬
Alblo.
ever bring
Cottage, Downshire-hill, Hampstead, will
RECKIVE FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, on Tuesday evening, the 11th, a little after
e
house, or between Walham-green Church and Exet.
place, or left in
the cab taken from Holland-house, a GOLD CURS CHAIN and
DOUBLE RYEGLASS. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. May's,

LOST, a BROWN LEATHER-COVERED
POCKET-BOOK, containing papers of no importance exceat to
the owner. If brought immediately to 45, Manchester-street, Man¬
chester square residence of the owner, a REWARD of THREE
POUNDS will be paid. Several visiting cards of Richard, Mary, and
others are in the po-ket-booke.
GOLD HUNTING WATCH LOST, at Strood
Station, last Friday. FIVE POUNDS REWARD will be paid
on delivery to the owner, at 6, We lington-street, Borough.—W. Leake.
THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on
Wednesday, September 12, about 2 o'clock, in the neighbourhood
of the Haymarket, a BLACK and TAN ENGLISH TERRIER
BITCH. Had on a silver collar, with "W. Murphy, Esq., 43, Upper
Mount-street," not Mount-street, London, engraved thereon. Answers
to the name of "Buay." Whoever will bring the same to 1, Colonnade,

NOTICE.—Mr. WILMOT WILKINSON.—If this
gentleman DOES NOT REMOVE the GOODS LEFT at
No. 2, St. Phillp's-terrace, Dalston, in the parish of Hackney, on or
before the 29th day of September instant, they will be SOLD to defray

NOTICE is hereby given, that, unless certain LUG¬
GAGE LEFT by Mr. READ, Captain Robson, Lieutenant
Loinsworth. Dr. Clarke, Mr. Holden, Mr. R. West, Mr. Furey, Mr.
Shepherd, Captain Lockyear, Mr. Walter Nugent, Mr. Webb, Lieute¬
nant A. M. Glibert, Captain Miller, Major Blakeslcy, Mr. English,
Messrs. Hill and Co., Mr. Hutchins, Lieutenant R. Hitchcock, and
others between the years 1850 and 1860, at the Ship Hotel, Charing-cross,
be RECLAIMED within 14 days from this date, the same will be
SOLD to defray hotel and other expenses. —Sept. 12, 1860.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of two dividends on the sum of
£2.800 New £3 10s. per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name
of WILLIAM UPTON, of Colworth, Chichester, gentleman, deceased,
and which dividends were paid over to the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt in censequence of the first thereof having
remained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1333 ; Notice is hereby
given that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the
said Dividends will be paid to Henry Upton, of Aldwick, Sussex, the
surviving executor, wh
has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
MANOR of PARK.—Bricket Wood Common,
Herts.—Notice to persons having COMMONABLE RIGHTS in
that portion of Bricket Wood Common taken by the London and North
Western Railway Company, for the St. Albans's Branch Railway, on
the 5th day of June. 1856. All persons who were copyholders at the
abeve period, and who claim to be entituled to have any interest in the
sum of £245, being the compensation money and interest paid by the
said London and North-Western Railway Company, for the extinction
of all commonable and other rights in and over the portion of the
common so taken, and who have not afready signified their consent
to ther shares being applied towards the cost of the restoration of the
parish church of St. Stephen's, are requested to come and prove their
clamms, and receive their respective shares of the said compensation
money, at the Falcon public-house, Park-street, St. Stephen's, within
the said manor, on Friday, the 29th day of September inst., at 12
o'clock at noon precisely; or, in default thereof, they will be peremp¬
torily excluded from any participation in the said compensation money.
Claimants will be required to produce the copy of their admission to
the copyhold estate in respect of which the claim is made.—Dated this

THOS. WARD BLAGG, St. Alban's, Herts, Solicitor for
the Committee of Copyholders duly appointed under the
Lands Clauses Consoldation Act. 1845
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of
ENGLAND.—The Guilhermina. Jose Joaquim da Rosa, Master.
—No. 354. — Whereas a canse of BOTTOMRY habeen instituted in the
High Court of Admiralty of England on behalf of Thomas Johns Buxton,
of St. Mary's, Scilly Isles, merchant and ship agent, the legal holder of a
Bottomry bond on the brigantine or vessel GUILHERMINA, her cargo
and freight, against the said vessel, her tackle, apparel, and furniture,
now lying at St. Mary's, Scilly, under arrest, by virtue of a warrant
issued from the Registry of the said Court, and no appearance has been
entered in the said cause. This is to give notice to all persons who have
a claim to have any RIGHT, Tite, or Interest in the said vessel,
that if an appearance in the said cause be not entered in the Registry
of the said Court within six days from the publication of this notice,
the Judge of the said Court will order the said vessel to be sold
to answer the claims institured, or to be instituted, against the same,
or make such order in the premises as to him shall seem right. —Dated
the 11th day of September, 1860.
H. A. BATHURST, Assistant Registrar.
Notice of sale of ship taken out by H. C. Cook, No. 2, Great Knight¬
rider-street, Doctors-commons.
FROM a Judgment given by the Court of Common
Pleas of Angouleme, on the 16th of July, 1859, duly entered,
The plaintiff, Monsteur GEORGES SALIGNAC, a merchant, resid¬

pany in commandité of the VINEYARD PROPRIETORS of COG¬
NAC, established in the said town, under the firm of Salignac and Co.
Mr. Leopold Masfand, attorney at-law, appearing and concluding
in his stead, and Mr. Ganivet, barrister-at-law, pleading on the one

And Mr. Charrier, the elder, likewise a merchant, residing at Rouillac,
defender, sued in the name and as manager to the firm of P. Charrier
and Co., established at Rouillac,
Mr. Maignan, attorney at-law, appearing and concluding in his stead,
and Mr. Marrot, barrister-at-law, pleading, on the other side.
The said judgment confirmed upon appeal be decision of the First
Chamber of the Imperial Court of Judicature of Bordsaux, under date
of the 26th of December, 1859, duly entered, has been abstracted what

Whereas, de facto, Mr. de Salignac, the founder, in 1838, of a com¬
mercial company in commandité for the trade of Cognae brandles,
adopted and deposited, according to the law, as a stamp for his pro¬
ducts to be sold in France, as well as for his casks, these words in
French "Proprlétaires vinicoles unis, Cognac" and for the stamp of
his casks for exportation, the following words in English:—"The
United Vineyard Proprietors, Cognac."
The first three words in an arched line, the fourth in a second arched
line, the fifth in a straight line, the whole in capital letters of the
dimensions of from 22 to 23 millimetres; and for his bottles for ex¬
portation, his stamp being thus made up:—In the docket an oval of
red colour, within which are to be read these words, "Old brandy,"
this oval surrounded by a white medallion, containing the following
words:—"The United Viney ard Proprietors, Cognac."
The said medallion, surmounted by a crenelle crown, appears to be
supported by a salamander on the left, and on the right is a unlcorn.
Below the salamander are to be read these words:
G. Salignac, Manage." The ground of the docket is blue, and
encompassed with a garland of vine leaves and grapes, gold and silver.
On the right and left of the fronton of the said docket are placed, op¬
posite to each other, in a straight line, and of the same size, the re¬
preduction of the two faces of a medal (Exposition de mille huit cent
cinquante-cine).
Whereas Mr. Charrier the founder, in 1858, of a company in com¬
mar dite for the trade of brandies, at Rouillac, adopted and deposited,
comformably to the law, as a stamp for his products to be sold in
France, as well as for his casks, these words in French, "J. P. Charrier,
ainé, et Comp., à Rouillac, Charente; union de deux cents proprié¬
taires producteurs;" the said words forming a circular line, without
any solution of continuity; and upon a horizontal line, placed in the
centre of the circumferences, is to be read the word "Cognac."
Whereas for the stamp of his casks for exportation J. P. Charrier
adopted these words, "Rouillac United Vineyard Proprietors' Comp.,
Cognac;" and the words "J. P. Charrier, aine, Manager, being con¬
nected with the first semicircular line, forming with it a circumfer¬
ence, in the middle of which is written, in a straight line, the word
Cognac." The letters forming the words which compose the circular
lines are 23 millimetres in height; those forming the word "Cognac"
are 20 millimetres in height, and are common capital letters.
Whereas the stamps of the bottles for exportation is a docket sur¬
mounted by a vignette made up of broad vine leaves and bunches of
grapes, of little figures of infant-like Bacchus, serving as a support to
a string that represents the Order of the Garter. Upon the said string
are written these words, "Rouillac United Vineyard Proprietors
Company," in antique characters, the string affecting the oval form,
within which is a skutcheon surmounted by a count's or viscount's
corenet. In the skutcheon are read these words "Old Cognac."
Below the oval formed by the Garter are the words, "J. P. Charrier,
aine, Manager." The prevailing colour, and forming the background,
is uitramarine blue ; the Garter and scutcheon within are vermillion
red. The characters to be seen in the garter and the scutcheon are
gold, as well as the vine leaves; the grapes and little subjects are
silver; the strings which surround the garter, as well as the buckle, are
gold; the framing in blue, of the scutcheon is a very narrow fillet.
Whereas it must therefore be acknowledged that, in the stamp of his
goods for exportation, and both upon the casks and bottles, Charrier,
without counterfelting Salignac's stamp, has made a fraudulent imita¬
tion of it, so as to deceive the purchaser, or made use of his stamp, thus
fraudulently imitated, contrarily to the articles first and eighth of the
noons.
Whereas the bill and insertion are a penalty, that the Court for the
trial, misdemeanours has alone the right of infllcting, and if the Court
of Common Pleas borrows from the penal law this provision, in order
to have it applied to the civil interests which it is its duty to appre¬
ciate, the object in view is less to inflict a penalty than to award

Whereas, the use made by Charrier, since above a year, of said
stamp thus fraudulently imitated has been to Solignac and the Com¬
pany represented by him the cause of a material injury, the reliof of

By these motives the Court, after due deliberation conformably to

brought by G. Salignac and Co. against J. P. Charrier, the elder, and
Teemeegean—emse
eseeonactusesass
ensse



made up by Salignac, and which the Court reserves to itself the right of
estimating.
Authorises Salignac to have an abstract of the said judgment inserted

option, one in New York, and one in Melbourne, Australia: and besides
condemns Charrier, the elder, and Co., to the costs, in which shall be
s
(An Abstract).
(Signed) L. MASFRAND.
Entered at Angouleme on the 1st of May, mil huit cent solxante,
Fes, cent quartrervingt-dix huit, c. 7.
(Signed) DELAFORTERIE.
Received one franc ten centimes.
CAUTION to PHOTOGRAPHERS, Printsellers,

London, give this public notice, they intend commencing law proceed¬
ings against all persons found copying or selling photographic copies
taken from their copyright engravings. They also have to cantion all
persors buying them, they being also liable to law proceedings. A
liberal reward will be given to any person who will forward the name
of anyone pirating their plates by photographs.
HER MAJESTY's THEATRE.—The decorations
of the Grand Concert Room and Bijou Theatre being com¬
pleted, it may be engaged for concerts, amateurdramatic performances,
&e., until the middle of October next. Full particulars and terms to be
obtained at Hammond's (late Jullien and Co.), 214, Regent-street, west¬
endcentral agency for the Opera and all theatres.
