MRS. H. to P. H.—May I write to the old address?
I wish to ask a few questions. Kindly reply to this.—27—N
THE GENTLEMAN from AMERICA, who called
in Marices-road, Kensington, about 2 o'clock, on the 29th of May,
is earnestly requested to CALL AGAIN as soon as possible.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE Probatc Divorce
and Admiraity Division (Divorce)—To JOHN BRADBURY late
ol Shortlands Villas Shortlands in the County of Kent Take Notice
that a CITATION has issued under the seal of the Court at the
instance, of Jane Bradbury of No 4. Shortlands Villas, Shortlands in
the County of Kent citing you to appear within 8 days and to answer
her petition filed in the Court praying for a Judicial separation and
zuch citation contains an intimation that in default of your so doing
the Court will proceed to hear the petition proved in due course of
law and to pronounce sentence thereen your absence notwithstanding
and a further intimation that for the purposes aforesaid you are to at¬
tend in person or by your Solicitor at the Registry of the Court at
Somerset House Strand in the County of Middlesex and there to
enter an appearance in a Book provided for that purpose without
which you will not be allowed to address the Court in person or by
Counsel at any stage of the proceedings in the cause

CAMPBELL and AYLESBURY, 151 Cannon Street E.C.

CHELSEA HOSPITAL for WOMEN, King's-road,
S.W.—The Committee of Management oeg most gratefully to
ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of a valuable and opportune PRE¬
SEIT of a large BOX of HOUSE LINEN from L. S.—J. S. WOOD.
Secretary.
QUEEN CHARLOTTE S LYING-IN HOSPITAL,
191, Marylebone-road; supported entirely by voluntary contri¬
butions.—The Managing Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE a
DONATION of £50 from the Lord Hotham, in aid of the funds of
this old and deserving Cnarity.—A. PHILLIPS, Secretary. 30th May.
OREADNOUGHT.—SEAMEN'S HOSPITAL,
Greonwich, S.E.— The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEIPT of the following 50M towards the £,,000 required
to enable them to defray the current expenses of the present year
—Messageries Maritimes de France, £30.—HENRY C. BURDETT,.
Secretary.
HOME for INCURABLE CHILDREN, 33, Maida¬

Committee most gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of
£293 16s. 7d. from Mrs. Grifilths byms, being the net amount reafized
by the Fancy cale held at the Langham-hall, on 7th, 6th, and 9th May
1573, in aid of the Building Fund.—L. S. LLOYD, Hon, Sec. Bankers,
Messrs. Hoare, 37, Fleet-street, E.
FRIENDLESS and FALLEN.—LONDON FEMALE
PREVENTIVE and REFORMATORY INSTITUTION.—The
Committee, gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE, per the Society's Bankers,
Messrs. Bosanquet, Salt, and Co., 73, Lombard-street, E.C., Capt. Ward,
£2 10s.; J. 11. £3; towards the maintenence of the 170 inmates, sup¬
ported in the six Homes and Open-all-Night Refuge, dependent on the
general funds of this Institution.—EDWARD W.THOMAS, Secretary.
Office, 200, Euston-road, N. W.
LOST, a SILVER SNUFFBOX, marked F. B.
On the ander writing or applying to Mr. Kent, 5, Vivian-road,
Pecaham-rye, S.E., a REWARD of ONE POURD will be given.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, in a cab, on
11th May, an OLD FAN, with coloured photograps on it. Ap¬
pry 25, Collingham-place, Cromwell-road.
LOST, on Thursday afternoon last, either while
travelling by train from North Dulwich Station to London-bridge,
and then in a four-wheeled cab to Great Tower-street, or while going
over the Tower of London, an EARRING, composed of a large pearl
surrounded by diamonds. Whoever will take the same to Mlr. E. T.
ivimy, 69, Great Tower-street, City, shall be handsomely RE¬
WARDED.
METROPOLITAN POLICE OFFICE.—FOUND
in a CAB, on the 10th ult., a GOLD FINGER RING, set
wath a tiamond and two corals. Application to be made at the Lost
Property Office, Great Scotland-yard.
CHARITY COMMISSION. —In the matter of
FRANCES ASHTON'S CHARITY, for the rehief of Poor
Clargymen and Poor Clergymen's Widows, and for Almshouses and
Schools at Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, and other purposes
and in the matter of "The Cnaritable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1869."—
By direction of the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and
Wales, notice is hereby given that an ORDER is proposed to be made
by them after the expuration of one calendar month, to be computed
from the first publication of this notice, establishing a SCHEME
aitering in certain particulars the subsisting schemes now regulating
the above-mentioned Charity.
A draft of the preposed Scheme may be inspected, free of cost,
dany, except on Sundays, at the office of Mr. Isaac William Sewell,
Solicitor, Gresham-house, Old Broad-street, London, between the
hours of 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. during the period of 15 consecutive days
from the first publication of this notice.
Any objections to the proposed Order or suggestions for its modifica¬
tion may pe transmitted, in writing, to the Secretary of the said Com¬
missioners, whitenall, London, within 21 days next after the first
publication of this notice. —Dated this 8th day of May, 1877.
HENRY M. VANE, Secretary.
PADDINGTON-STREET BURIAL GROUND.—A
PUBLIC MEETING will be held at the Vestry-hall, Maryle¬
hone-lane, on Thursday, June oth, at 8 o'clock precisely, to consider
the advisabiity of converting the above Burial Ground into a garden
for the people. The Right Hon. the Eart of LICHFIELD will pre¬
side. All parties micrested are earnestly invited to attend.
For the Committee,
No. 79, Gloucester-place.
GEORGE I. LEON, Hon. Sec.
CHANGE of NAME.—Notice is hereby given, that I,
Hassell Poad Robinson, heretofore known as HASSELL POAD,
of Carnaby, in the county of York, Farmer, in compliance with a
wish expressed in the will of my late uncle, Henry Roomson, of Car¬
naby aforesaid, gentleman, deceased, by a deed poll under my hand
and seal, bearing even date herewith, and intenued to be forthwith
enrohied in the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice, have
decared, and I do hereby neclare, my intention and desire hence¬
forth to USE and to be called by the NAME of HASSELL POAD
ROBINSON, in place of the name of Hassell Poad.—Dated this 29th
—
HASSELL POAD ROBINSON (formerly Hassell Poad).
Witness—Geo. B. Tonge, Solicitor, Drifield.
MANAWATU LAND ORDERS.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the 30th day November, 1877, an Act was passed
by the General Assembly of New Zealand, intituled an Act to provide
for the satisfaction of certain Land Orders issued by the New Zealand
Company, and theretofore exercised in the Manawatu or Horowhenua
districts, within the aforesaid Company's settlement at Wellington.
The attention of every person claiming under any such Land Orders
as aforesaid is drawn to the brovisions of the said Act next follow¬
ing, that is to say:—
Every person claiming land within the Provincial District of Wel¬
lington under any Land Order oniginally issued by the New Zealand
Company, and which has been exeroised in the Manawatu or Horow¬
henua Districts, must, within 12 months from the 30th November, 1877,
if he be a resident in the Colony, and within two years from such date
if he be resident elsewhere, give notice in writing, by himself or his
agent to the Commissioner appointed for the District of Wellington
under the Ordinance of the Legisiative Council of the Islands of New
Zealand, Session 11, No. 15, for the hearing and decision of his claim
under the provisions of the said Act, and at the time of making his
appdication for the satisfaction of his claim must lodge with the Com¬
missioner the origmal land order under which he claiins to be entitled
to select any section of land, unless such land order shall previousiy
lave been lodged with the Commissioner no claim can be heard and
determined until such origmal land order is louged, or proof of the
loss given to the satisfaction of the Commissioner.
The Commissioner will report to the Governer the name of the per¬
son found to be entitied to land under ant particular land order; the
particular number thereof, the fast of such land order having been
lodged with him, or of his having received satisfactory proof of the
loss thereof, and the amouht in value stated in suon land order, such
report is to be considered and japproved by the Governor in Council,
and forthwith published in the New Zealand Gazette, with the date
of the approval attached thereto.
Notification of the Govethor's approval is a sufficient warrant to the
Commissioner to issue to the persons nauréd is such approved report
as osing entitied to land, scrip for the amount of money onigmany
paid for the land order under which any such persons have been found
to be entitied, together with compensation to the amount of £1 for
every £1 steriing represented by such land order added thereto ; so
that every person found entitled shall receive £2 in vanue for every
20s. in value to which he shall nive been found entitied, except in
sases of lost land orders, in which case proceedings must be taken
under the Lost Land Orders Act, 1861.
No scrip can be delivered by the Commissioner until the land order
in satisfaction of which such scrip is isaued has been cancelled by
him.
(ipon the receipt of scrip all the right, title, interest, claim, and de¬
mand of the porson to whom the same is issued, and of all other per¬
sons whatsoever, to the land in respect of waich scrip shall have been
issued is extinguished; and the issue of such scrip is, both at law and
in equity, a full and complete performance by the Crown, on behall of
the New Zealand Company, of the contract or obligation of the Com¬
pany in respect of whien such scrip shall have been issued.
All scrip to be issued under the authority of the said Act is trans¬
ferable and is receivable as cash by the Receiver of Land Revenue, in or
towards the purchase of waste lands of the Crown in any part of the
nrovincial district of Wellington, but not elsewhere, and must be exer¬
cised within five years from the date of its issue ; claims for the exer¬
cise of scrip not made within such period of five years are barred.
The Commissioner cannot entertain or investigate any claims in
which the claimant shall not haye notified his intention to have his
clam heard and decied under the provisions of the said Act within
the time limited for making such application. All claimants failing
to avail themseives of the provisions of the said Act are barred, and
their claim extinguished by reason of such defauls.
Claimants not resident within the Colony of New Zealand should
fortnwith appoint a duly authorized agent to do and perform whar¬
ever may be requisite to obtain the benefit of the said Act.—Dated
at Wellington this 9th day of January, 1878.
(Signed) DAVID LEWIS, a Commissoner for the purposes
of the above referred to Act.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—The TALISMAN
BRACELET, in 18-carat gold.—The above reward will be paid
to anyone giving information of any INFRINGEMENT of this
PATENT, either in gold, silver, or other metal, on application to Mr.
Streeter, Diamond Merchant, 18, New Bond-street, W.
CHANGE of TITLE and MARK.—Messrs. ELLIT
Mitenam, Raven Spring Acrated Waters Factory, direct the
attention of the public to an important ALTERATION of their
TRADE MARK and TITLE. Hitherto they have been employing
the designation of Raven's Well and a simple monogram. Hence¬
forth the title will be Raven Sbring, and the trade mark a raven
rising from the margin of a natural spring of most pure water, en¬
girdied with a scroll, Fortiter in re, and having appended to it a mono¬
gram, R. E. Their aerated waters will be thus wholly separated from
those of any other firm. This notice is rendered very hecessary in
order to avoid mistakes, and specially in reference to Messrs. R. G.
Ellis and Sons, the old and well-known manufacturers, Ruthin, North
Wales. All orders sent to Messrs. Ellis, Raven Spring, Ravensbury,
Mitcham, Surrey, will receive instant attention.
MAYS ADVERTISING OFFICES.—Notice.—The
ADVERTISINT OFFICES of Fred. L. May and Co., 160, Pic¬
cadmy, will be CLOSED on-WHI-MONDAY (Bank Holiday.)
ARMY and NAVY CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY
(Limited), 117, Victoria-street, Westminster, London, S.W.—
Notice.—The STORES will be CLOSED on WHIT-MONDAY, the
10th of June, being, a Bank Holiday. The execution prior to that
date of country orders received after Wodnesday, the 5th June, or of
to wn orders received after Thursday, the 6th June, cannot be gua¬
ranteed.—By order, J. H. LAWSON, Secretary.
OPENING of the NEW WEST MARINA
ESPLANADE TERRACE, St. Leonard's-on-Sea.
he above will be formally opehed by his Worship the Mayor of
HASTINGS, on Wednesday, June 12.
The Mayor and Corporation of Hastings have accepted an invita¬
tion to lunch with the Rev. J. Alton and Mrs. Hatchard, at their re¬
sidence, 107, Marina, previous to the ceremony.
MORSE SHOW, Agricultural-hall, Islington, June
8, 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14.—SPACE to be LET, in the Arcade and
Ganeries, for the Exhibition and Sale of Carriages, Harness, and other
goods.
By order,
S. SIDNEY, Secretary and Manager, Agricultural-hall
toemany (Limited.
GRICULTURAL-HALL HORSE SHOW.—
Messrs. W. and F. THORN, of Great Portland-street and Lower
Gresvenor-place, Belgravia, will EXHIBIT ONE of their STATION
BRGUGHAMS, at the Agricultural-hall Horse Show, June 8th, 10th,
11th, 12th, and 13th.
THE OXFORD COACH, Blenheim, leaves the
White Horse Cellar, Piccadilly, at 11 a.m. every Tuesday, Thurs¬
day, and Saturday, vis Maidenhead, Henley, and the Thames valley,
and returns from the Clarendon Hotel, Oxford, at 11 a.m. every Mon¬
day, Wednesday, and Friday. Fares 17s. 6d. ; intermediate fares at
the rate of 3d. per mile. Parcels carried and punctually delivered.
Places can be secured in advance. For further particulars see time
tables.
STEAM YACHT for SALE, 200 tons, splendidy
fitted, ready for sea. Particulars apply to A. B., Jerusalem¬
chambers, Cornhill, London.
STEAM LAUNCHES (Amazon and Atalanta) to be
LET. Will carry 35 persons. Have every accommodation, in
cluding large ladies saioon, &c. Terms five guineas per day, all found.
Apply to C. and A. Burgolue, Bont Bullders, Hampton-wick (South
Western Railway) and Kingston-on Thames, where they may be seen.
Smaller Launches for Sale or Hire.
WACHTING and FISHING. SEASON.—Persons
requiring the BERTHON COLLAPSIBLE BOAT, for yachts
for excursions on the Continent, or for fishing, are requested to send in
their orders as soon as possible, to pr vent digappomtment, the pres¬
sure on the Company being very great at this period. Apply to
Manager of Berthon Boat Company (Limited), at the Works, Romsey,

THREE THOUSAND ACRES of SHOOTING and a
very superior HOME.—A COMPANION desired, one who would
be willing to pay commensurately for the luxuries, comforts, and
sport that he would re-eive in the first class establishmont of a gen¬
tleman of position residing on the borders of Wiltshire. Address
C. F., B675, Address and Inquiry office, The Times Office, E.C. Frek.—
