J. M. What sign do you want?—W. Place,
M..
July 27.
a . L. to W.—H. J. Cessez vos importunités
Vous-êtes trompe dans soute l'affaire. Insistez pour voir les
parties en face, et an grand-jour. Le chemin de fer n'est qu'un plege¬
Croyez à la verité.—July 21, 1850, 9, Cath-rine-court, E.C.
LOST, at Goodwood Races, on Thursday, the 26th
inst, a FIVE-POUND BANK NOTE, No. 61,714. Payment
stopped. If taken to the Secret
y o the E.I. Club, 14, St. James's-¬
square, a REWARD of TEN SHILLINGS will be given.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a BLACK
and TAN TERRIER, with chain collar, and name engraved:
answers to the name of "Snip." Whoever will bring the same to
No. 2, Pelham-crescent, Brompton shall receive the above reward.
FRANCIS BEAMISH.—If FRANCIS BEAMISH,
formerly a seaman in Her Majesty's ship Revenge, and afterwards
in the merchant service, APPLIES to Mr. Richard Stephens Taylor,
of No. 3, Field cout, Gray's-inn, London, he will HEAR of SOME¬
THING to his ADVANTAGE, or, if dead, any person giving Informa¬
tion of his Death will be Rewarded for their trouble.
WILLIAM MARSHALL, late Storekeeper at
Fort Pitt, Chatham, died in May, and LEFT his PROPERTY
to JOHN MARSHALL, his brother, who is requested to come to the
Purveyor's office immediately.
NOTICE.—PELLATT and Co., glass manufacturers
to the Queen, respectfully announce that, on and after the 4th
August, their WESTERN GLASS ad CHINA ESTABLISHMENT,
at 58 and 59, Baker-st., will be FLOSED oN SATURDAYS at 2 o'clock.
BROADSTAIRS REGATTA will take place on
Tuesday, the 21st August, 1860. Subscriptions gratefully re¬
ceived by O. C. Watters, Esq., Hon. Treaurer, 4, Chandos-place,

ALLE. ROSA BONHEUR's PICTURES of
scenes in Sootland, Spain, and France, are now ON VIEW at
the German Gallery, 168, New Bond-street, from 9 till 6. Admission is
MR. HOLMAN HUNT's PICTURE of the
FINDING of the SAVIOUR in the TEMPLE, commenced
in Jerusalem in July, 1854, is now on VIEW at the German Gallery,
No. 168, New Bond-street, from 9 till 5. Admission 1s.
WICTORIA CROSS GALLERY, Egyptian-hall,
Piccadilly.—OPEN dally from 10 till 7. Admission 1s. Authentic
portraits by L. W. Desanges, Esq., of the Victoria Cross Heroes,
their deeds of Daring and Chivalry; many life-size Historical Pictures,
illustrating two national epochs—the Russian War and the Indian
Mutiny.
JAS. ROWE, Sec.

WILL CLOSE in a FEW DAYS.—The RELIEF
of LUCKNOW.—Mr. T. J. BARKER's GREAT PICTURE,
containing the only authentic Portrait of Lord Clyde, painted at Luck¬
now.—AGNEW and SON's Gallery, 5, Waterloo-place, Pall-mall. Ad¬
mission, 6d. All cards available until close of exhibition.
CORREGGTO's ECCE HOMO.—The long-sought
Replica of the PICTURE in the National Gallery, which the
most eminent judges pronounce the finest painting in this country,
is ON VIEW at GARDNER's Gallery, 118, Oxford-street, W. Open

BURFORD's PANORAMA of ROME, Ancient
and Modern (drawings by himself), from the Tower of the Capitol),
is now OPEN embracing all the recent Excavatious in the Forum.
Venice and Switzerland open daily from 10 till dusk. Admission 1s, each
view. Schools and children ha f price.—Panorama Royal, Leicester-sq.
GREAT GLOBE, Leicester-square.—New Dioramas.
—DIORAMAS of the WARS in CHINA and in ITALY. Sites
and Scenes in India—the Campsign in Italy—Nangasaki, Japan—A
Tour up the Rhine, &c. Lectures on Sicily, South Italy, and the
topies of the day. Model of the Earth. Open from 10 a.m. till 10 p.m.
Admission to the whole building, 1s.
JERUSALEM.—Must CLOSE SHORLY.—These
grand PICTURES, by Selous, must soon leave London, to fulfil
engagements made for their Exhibition in some of the provincial
cities. Upwards of 50,000 persons have inspected these extraordinary
and interesting works of ars at Hayward and Leggatt's, 79, Cornhill,
where they will remain on view for a few days. Admission free.
ROYAL COLOSSEUM of SCIENCE, Music, and
Art, OPEN daily, from 12 to half-past 4, and from 7 to half¬
past 10. Admission 1s., children under 10 and schools, 6d. A new
and original Humorous Entertainment, by Mr. Forster, entitled "Out
for the Day," with numerous songs and changes of character.
Beautiful Series of Dissolving Views, with vocal and other Illus¬
trations, by Mr. J. Hewson. Wonders of Modern Magic, by Mr.
J. Taylor. Grand Dioramas of Paris, Lisbon, and London, Swiss Cot¬
tages and Mountain Torrents, Conservatories and Stalactite Caverns,
&c.—Dr. BACHHOFFNER, F.C.S., Sole Lessee and Manager.
MADAME TUSSAUD's HISTORICAL GAL¬
LERY, at the Bazaar, Baker-street.—Continuation of early Eng¬
lish Kings from the Conqueror. Stephen, grandson of the Conqueror,
in the quii t costume of the period 1135. Recently added—Henry I
Wiliam II., William the Conqueror, and Matilda, studied from old Eng¬
lish manuscripts. Admittance 1s., extra room, 6d. Open from 11 till 10.
MADAME CAPLIN's ANATOMICAL and PHY¬
SIOLOGICAL GALLERY (for ladies only) OPEN daily at
No. 58, Berners-street, Oxford-street, W.
COOKES ROYAL NATIONAL CIRCUS, Pro¬
prietors, Messrs. WM. H. and WM. COOKE, jun., will visit
Battle, 30th; Tenterden, 31st; Ashford, Aug. 1st; Hythe, 2d; Sand¬
gate, 3d.
ROYAL ALHAMBRA PALACE, Lessee, Mr. E.
T. SMITH.—First appearance of Herr Christoff, the puenomenon
of the age, the greatest tight rope artiste in the world, and first appear¬
ance of the champion vaulters of the globe—Europe, Harry Croueste;
Asia, Aron Hassem (the Arab chief); Africa, Christoff (the pheno¬
menon); America. Dan Castello, and a numerous troupe of auxiliaries.
Re-engagement of the marvellous gymuasts, the brothers Berri, the
wonders of the wordd. In consequence of the enormous success and
the sensation created by the performances of these great artistes the
lessee has been prompted (although on fabulous terms) to extend their
engagement for a limited period, so that the general public may have
an opportunity of witnessing this extraorsinary entertainment, Re¬
engagement of the tribe of Arabs of the Desert, whose miraculous feats
are the admiration of all beholders. Reduced prices:—Gallery, 6d.;
pit, 1s.; boxes, 2s.; reserved seats 2s. 6d. stalls, 3s. ; private boxes,
10s. 6d. and 27s. Box-office open from 10 till 4 Doors opan every
evening at half-past 7, commence at 8. Morning performance every
Wednesday and Saturday, at 2, equal in every respect to the evening,
and particularly recommended to families. Excursion parties, schools,
societtes, and charitable institutions treated with on liberal terms
on application to Mr. Van Hare, Managing Director.
ZOOLOGICAL-GARDENS, Regent's-park. —Satur¬
day Half-holyday—The ADMISSION to these gardens on
Saturdays will be REDUCED to 6d. each person during the months of
August, September, and October.
ROYAL PAVILION GARDENS, North Wool¬
wich. Eight hours varied amusements. Admission, including
railway there and back, 1s. No extra charges. The whole of the enter¬
tainments free. N.B. The Proprietors' Benefit Fête on Thursday,

ROYAL CREMORNE GARDENS.—Admission
1s.—THIS DAY, the GRAND SCOTTISH FETE in honour of
Lord Clyde, and to celebrate the return of the great Indian General to
this country, on which day the whole resources of the establishment
will be made available to render the fete worthy of the occasion, and
when the music, the sports, the illuminations and fireworks will be
made complimentary and appropriate. To-morrow, the Sir Paul
Pinder Benefit Gala, for which very extensive arrangements have been
perfected, and which include a Grand Balloon Ascent, Twelve small
Balloons to be drawn as Prizes, Elizabethan Dances on the lawn, and
an elegant Private Ball Room, in addition to the varied novel amuse¬
ments, exhibitions, and performances, which daily take place, and
when distant visitors will also be ensured by the L. G. O. Company
omnibus accommodation to the Bank, after the conclusion of the fete.
Daily, nine hours' amusement, concluding with a Grand Equestrian
Spectacle. Wednesday, August 8, the Fête of the season, Mr. T. B.
Simpson's Benefit, when the Artistic Gem of the Year, the Stereorama,
by Messrs. Grieve and Telbin, will be thrown open to the inspection of
every visitor. Promenade on Sundays, table d'hote at 6, 2s. 6d. The
new dining rooms for parties of 1 to 200, in the hotel, which are admir¬
ably adapted for companies and societies, are now avail able at a short
notie.
LORD CLYDE.—The last and authentic POR¬
TRAIT of Lord CLYDE, painted at Lucknow in 1858, may now
be seen in Mr. Barker's great Picture, at Messrs. AGNEW and BON's
Gallery, 5, Waterloo-place.
NEW ART UNION.—Second Season.—Great ad¬
vantages to the general body of subscribers over all other art
unions, and a higher order of art disseminated. Prospectuses of Day
and Son, lithograpers to the Queen, 6, Gate-street, W.C.
EXHIBITION of CHROMO-LITHOGRAPHS,
at Messrs. ROWNEY and Co.'s Fine Art Gallery, 52, Rathbone¬
place. The collection comprises specimens of this beautimul art, after
Turner, Stanfield Roberts, Cattermole, Mulready, Hunt, Richardson,
Copley Fielding, Prout, and many other eminent artists. Open daily,
from 11 to 7 o'clock. Admission free on signing visitors' book.
LLUMINATED by Owen Jones and Henry Warren,
PARADISE and the PERI, from the "Lallah Rookh" of
Thomas Moore. The work will consist of 51 royal 4to pages,
with illustrations and illumination in colours and gold, from
designs by Ower Jones and Henry Warren. The well-known
familiarity of these gentlemen with Oriental art will affoed a
sufficient indication of the nature of the work. No expense
or care will be wanting in its production in the establishment of
Day and Son, and they have every confidence that they will be able to
produce the most elegant gift-book for the ensuing season which har
yet resulted from the art of chromo-lithography. Price bound in
cloth, £2 2s.; in morocco, £2 12s. 6d. Subscribers' names received by
Day and Son, lithographers to the Queen, 6, Gate-street, Lincoln's
inn-fields.
MARTIN's THREE wonderful PICTURES.—
DISPOSAL of the RESIDUE of MARTIN's last THREE
grand WORKS, at greatly reduced and mere nominal prices—The
Last Judgment. The Great Day of His Wrath, and The Plains of
Heaven. The proprietor of these glorious and sublime works, which
have recured for Martin a lasting and unrivalled fame, and must ever
rank among the highest efforte of human genius, that the merits of
this great artist may not be tarnished by the sale of worn-out and
inferior copies, has determined on destroying the steel engravings, and,
for a limited period, offering to the public the remaining impressions,
at a price that will bring within the reach of many the means of
possessing a sopy. That pleasure in no seanty measure may be derived
from the contemplation of these scenes of awful grandeur and delight,
the last mighty efforts of a great mind. The whole of the remaining
stock of proofs and coloured impressions (artistically coloured in close
and costly imitation of the pictures) will also be disposed of on this
principle, and may now be had on application to Mr. James Plimpton,
No. 42, Frederick-place, Hampstead-road, London, and of all print¬
sellers and publishers in the United Kingdom, at the following greatly
reduced prices: The beautifully coloured copies (set of three), at
£4 4s., originally published at 25 gs. ; the remaining prints (set of
three), at £2 2s., originally published at 10 gs. And, by an early applica¬
tion, the very few stamped India proofs, originally publi-hed at 20 gs.,
may be had at 10gs. the set. All the proofs and coloured copies bear
the protective stamp. It is also intended once more to exhibit these
superb works of art in the principal towns and cities in the kingdom,
of which due notice will be given.
ICILY.—For SALE, at a moderate price, TEN
beautiful DRAWINGS, in tempera, by F. Zerilli, framed and
glazed, comprising views of Palermo, Syracuse, Cattania, and Mount
Etna, Messina, &c. To be seen at Ponzinis's, carver and gilder,
No. 22. Hatton-garden.
MEDLAEVAL and other WORKS of ART, just
received from Italy, France, and Germany—a collection com¬
prising extraordinarily fine specimens of Limoges enamels, ivory carv¬
ings, magnificent cinque cento jewels, chased silver, Florentine bronzes,
sculptures in marble, Lucca della Robbia ware, Majolica, Venetian
glass, missals, buhl and Reisner furniture clocks, candelabra, rare ex¬
amples of old Sevres, Dresden, Vienna, and Capo di Monte porcelains, an¬
tique bijouterle, gold enamelled snuffboxes, and numerous miscellaneous
items of unusually fine quality.—At A. JOSEPHS' (successor to Falcke).
No. 92, New Bond-Street. Antique and every description of work of
art, &c., purchased for cash at the highest price. Property valued.
TO COLLECTORS of ART.—A great bargain.—A
finely carved STATUARY VASE, price £8 15s ; a magnificent
Oil Painting from the Royal Acadery, the Wedding Wreath; a beau¬
tiful Group of Females, prized at £200, to be sold for £30 ; also a Cabi¬
net Picture, The Duet. £15; both by Fitzgerald. To be seen at Mr.
W. F. Hammonds, auctioneer, land surveyor and estate agent,
No. 3, Carey-street, opposite Lincoln's-inn gate, W.C.
THE WIDOW of an ENGLISH NOBLEMAN
wishes to FORM an agreeable PARTY to VISIT the CONTINENT,
the proposed tour being Belgium, Germany, France, Switzerland, Italy
or Spain. This might be found a favourable opportunity for two ladies
and two gentlemen, who would like to travel, and be spared all anxiety
and trouble. The lady speaks several languages, and is much accus¬
tomed to travel abroad; she has also servants, who are well qualified for
their responsible situations. The expenses would be 600 guineas
for 12 months, and 350 guineas for six months, each person. The
highest references given and required. Apply by letter to R. T., care
of Mr. Rice, stationer, 14, Charles-street, St. James's.
MAGIC LANTERNS and DISSOLVING VIEWS
LENT OUT, and sent into the country, with the option of pur¬
chase. A valuable, newly invented, very small, powerful, waistco at-pocket
glass, the size of a walnut, by which a person can be seen and known
one mile and a half distant, country scenery and ships are clearly seen
at five to six miles, price 30s. Telescopes, opera, race, field, and gene¬
ral cut-door day and night perspective glasses, very small, for the
waistcoat pocket, each containing 12 and 18 lenses, constructed of Ger¬
man glass; will show distinctly a person to know him at a two and a
half and three miles, and an object from eight to 10 miles distant.—
Messrs. SOLOMON, opticians, 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
TO be LET, the ROYAL GALLERY of ILLUS¬
TRATION, 14, Regent-street, during the Provincial Tour of Mc.
and Mrs. German Reed and Mr. John Parry. Address G. F. R., at
the above Gallery
TO be SOLD, a large quantity of WHITE CORAL
ROCK, and five West India Birds alive; one cask of tamarinds.
containing two cwt, and a half; and six parrots, and a quantity of West
India shells, and birds' skins. Inquive of Mr. John Holmes, seaman,
No. 6, Limehouse-causeway, near the West India Docks.
