BPURGOYNE C......A LETTER of importance
21. Brown-street, Edgware-road, from M. E.D.
IF GEORGE WRIGHT G— will COMMUNI¬
CATE with J— A—, of Birmingham, matters may be ar¬
THE OLD SPOON.—Why does F. S. not write?
Letters to Charing-cross post-office returned "not called for."
TRICHINOPLY.
L. L. W. affectionately entreats his brother, J. W. W.,
to WRITE, immediately, for his mother's sake, and that he may
be assisted in his wishe
TO PARISH CLERKS.—The BURIAL CERTI¬
FICATES WANTED, of the following: THOMAS RALFE,
born 21st November, 1792, died 31st July, 1831: HENRY RALFE, born
24th August, 1801, died 12th January, 1823; WHITFIELD RALFE,
born 24th May, 1807, died 7th January, 1838. All of whom are supposed
to have died in London or its vicinity. Any person able to procure any
or all of the above burial certificates will be kind enough to write
to William Vant, Esq., solicitor. 27, Leadenhall-street, E.C.
NOTICE to the
ANEPHEWS and NIECES of
DAVID FINDLAY, deceased, some time Slater in Arbroath,
and their children whether legitimate or illegitimate.—Mr. Findlay
having left the residue of his estate to be divided amongst his whole
nephews and nieces, and the children of any of such nephews or nieces
as may have predeceased, whether born in wedlock or not, all parties
CLAIMING RIGHT to SUCCEED under this destination, who have
not already communicated with Messrs. Keay and Miln, Solicitors, in
Arbroath, the agents for the executors, are requested to do so forth¬
with, as the estate is shortly to be divided.
No. 15, Hill-Street, Arbroath, April, 1870.
ROYAL ALFRED AGED MERCHANT SEA¬
MENS INSTITUTION.—The Committee beg to ACKNOW¬
LEDGE, with best thanks, £26 5s., from Captain Goddard, of the shin
La Hogue, the proceeds of a Bazaar held on board in aid of the funds
of this Institution. —Cowper's-court, Cornhill, May 8, 187.
MARGATE SEA BATHING INFIRMARY.—
The Rev. John Hod.
begs to ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEIPT of a SECOND DONATION of TEN POUNDS from,
he believes, the same kind, but unknown, Friend at Brighton, by
whom he was favoured with a similar sum in July, 1869.—3, Broad
Sanctuary, Westminster.
DOG. LOST, at Peckham-rye—a rough-coated,
crean-coloured Mount Saint Bernard Dog, with black face and
white, shaggy tail. Answers to the name of Hector. Whoever
will take him to Mesr.
n. Staats and Co., 748, Cannon-street, city,

ONE THOUSAND POUNDS REWARD.—
STOLEN between 8 and 10 p.m., on Wedn¬
lay May 4th, 1870,
from No. 144, Piccadilly, a PAIR of OPAL EARRINGS, set round
with diamonds; a Pair of Black Pearl Drop and Top Earrings, with
ruby and diamond mounts; a pair of white pearl earrings, with dia¬
mond mounts; a diamond and pearl head ornament, nine dinmond
brooches, with emerald centres; nine single-stone centres, a diamond
oak-leaf and acorn pattern head ornament, a portion of a small seroli¬
pattern diamond necklace, a single-stone collet necklace, 58 diamonds;
a large diamond enap, a diamond bracelet, with eight emeralds and six
pearls; a diamond chain necklace, with three large emerald and dia¬
mond centres, and three ditto ditto drops; an emerald and diamund
locket, a wheel-pattern diamond bracelet, with centre of five uncut
emeralds; large gold bracelet, with large carbuncle and brillants; large
gold bracelet, with picture medallion of man, with monogram of
rubies and brillants; gold band bracelet, with four coins attached:
Etruscan pattern bracelet, with gold semiballs and gold plait; chased
gold bracelet, with locket attached; chased gold Danish bracelet; gold
bracelet, with small carbuncile centre; gold chain bracelet, with blue
enamel, pearl laid and locket pendant; Irish fibula bracelet, a small
Indian turquoise necklace, a large Indian, pearl, and emerald necklace,
with large pearl tassel, with pendants of rubies, emeralds, and tur¬
quoises; gold coin necklace, gold and, amethyst watch key, small
ruby and opal ring, and blue enamel and pearl ring, a dat goid
chain, with dark bluet enamel and diamond locket; a Roman
gold necklace, with pearls, set like acorns; a gold Roman chain, with
heavy gold tassels; a turquoise and diamond pendant, set in basket
work; a large onyx and pearl pendant, of semicircular shape; a
smaller onyx and pearl pendant, a pearl heartshape locket, a silver-gilt
Normandy cross, two pairs of Italian peasant carrings, a large pair of
ditte, a pair of lonx Spanish pearl carrings, a pair of shorter Spanish ditto,
a pair of onyx and pearl earrings, a pair of amethyst and pearl earrings.
a pair of Indian turquoise earrings, a pair of red enamel (Indian) car¬
rings, set with turquoise, emerald, and pearl drops; a pam of gold
Syrian carrings, set with pearls, coral, and turquoise: a pair of circular
pearl earrings with pearl drops, one Roman gold and pearl earring, one
gold and emerald earring (Spanish), large ornament for neck to match,
one lapis earring, set with gold and pearls; one lapis stud with pearls,
three daisy studs set round with pearls, a silver-gilt feather-shape brooch
with rubies, emeralds, and diamonds; a gold Egyptian necklace with
earrings to match,
gold repeater watch, pearl back, set with dia¬
monds, monogram "M.A,
The above reward will be paid by W.
B. Beaumont, Esq., M.F.
No. 144, Piccadilly, to any person giving
such information as shall lead to the apprehension and conviction of
the thieves, and recovery of the property, or in proportion thereof; and
the Secretary of State for the Home Department will advise the grant
of Her Majesty's gracious pardon to any accomplice not being the
actual perpetrator of the offence. Information to Superintendent
Williamson, Detective-office, Great Scotland-yard; or to Superin¬
tendent Dunlap, Vine-street Police Station; or to any of the Metro¬
politan police stations, London.
NOTICE.—If the IRON SAFE, which was removed
by Messrs. Jones and Candler, in 1866, from Muscovy-court, to
their warehouse, is NOT CLAIMED by the rightful owner before
the 31st May of the present year, the said safe will be SOLD without
further notice, to defray expenses.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT of PROBATE.—
The Principal Registry.—To WILLIAM CARR, now or late of
the city of Durham, solicitor's clerk.—Take notice, that a CITATION
has issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated the 5th
day of April, 1870, whereby you are cited to appear within eight days
after service of this notice, and accept or refuse letters of administra¬
tion of the personal estate and effects of Henry Shiolds, late of the
Market-place, in the city of Durham, innkeeper, deceasad (you being
the sole executor and universal legatee in trust named in the last will
and testament of Elizabeth Shields, widow, deceased, whilst living the
lawful relict of the said Henry Shields, doceased, and who died without
having taken upon herself administration of his effects), or show cause
why the said letters of administration should not be granted to Jacob
Monkhouse, of the city of Durham, butcher, as a creditor of the said
deceased, with an intimation that in default of your appearanca the
said letters of administration will be granted to the said Jacob Monk¬
house.
H. L. STRONG, Registrar.
JOHNSON and COOTE, Doctors'-commons, and 5, Gray's¬
inn-square, Proctors for the said Jacob Monkhouse
WHEREAS CHARLES CONINGHAM
CONINGHAM, of No. 17, Pall-mall, in the county of Middle¬
sex. Esq., and GEORGE AXTON, of Wilton-house, Shepherd's-bush,
in the said county, Esq., being respectively interested under the provi¬
sions of "the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of
Lands," in the LAND and HEREDITAMENTS set forth in the
schedule hereunder written, with the eassments and appurtenances
thereunto belonging, and being desirous of effecting an EXCHANGE
of the same, have made application in writing to the Inclosure Com¬
missioners for England and Wales to direct inquiries whether such
proposed exchange would be beneficial to the owners of such respective
lands and hereditaments, and to proceed with the same under the
provisions of the said Acts;—Now, the Inclosure Commissioners for
England and Wales, being of opinion that such exchange would be
beneficial, and that the terms thereof ave just and reasonable, hereby
give notice that they will cause to be framed and confirmed, under
their hands and seal, an order of exchange in the matter of the said
application, unless notice in writing of dissent to the said proposed
exchange be given to them by some person entitled to an estate in, or
to a charge upon, the said land and hereditaments, or any part
thereof, on or before the 22d day of August next.
The Schedule to wich the foregoing notice refers.
Land and hereditaments, in which the abovenamed Charles Coning¬
ham Coniugham is interested, situate in the parish of Hammer¬
smith, in the county of Middlesex, and proposed to be exchanged
for the land and hereditaments hereinafter specified:—
No on
Description.
Tithe Map.
a. r. p.
orn.
Pis.
ae as
Part 1841¬
the Adelaide Brickfield, in the occupation? 0 2 0
of Mr. Brown.
Land and hereditaments in which the abovenamed George Axton is
interested situate in the parish of Hammersmith, in the county of
Middlesex, and proposed to be exchanged for the land and heredita¬
ments hereinbefore specified:—
No. on
Description.
a. r. p.
Tithe Map.
Pice of land at Shepberds-buth, known a.
Part 1759
Streetsland, in the occupation of Mr."  20
Brumbridge
Witness my hand this 5th day of May, in the year of our Lord 1870.
H. PYNE, by order of the Board.
Inclosurs Commission, 3, St. James's-square, London, S.W
THE undersigned BOARD of MANAGEMENT
hereby informs the public, that the DOMAIN MINERAL
WELLS at Selters, Fachingen, Ems, Weilbach, Schwalbach, and
Geilnau, besides the pitchers hitherto used, and which are now marked
with the Royal Prussian Eagle, glass bottles, containing full and half
litres, are filled and exported, and that pitchers and bottles from the
1st of April, 1870, are closed with metal capsules, on which round the
heraldic eagle the name of the well is stamped. The bottles (excepting
those hitherto used for the Geilnan Waters, which will remain in use)
are supplied with etiquets, proving the genuineness of the waters of the
different wells. The price of filled pitchers sold at the wells, and in
the depots at Limburg, on the Lahn and Ehrenbreitstein, remain un¬
changed, and price currents may be obtained on applying to the re¬
spective authorities charged with the administration of the wells,
Terms—at the Wells of Selters, Ems, ard Schwalbach, 100-1 bottles¬
10 Prussian dollars 100-2 bottles—S ditto. At Fachingen, Gellnan,
and Weilbach, 10041 bottles—10 Prussian dollars. Half bottles are
not exported from the three last-mentioned places. The price of the
bottles at the depots in Limburg and Ehrenbreitstein is higher, owing
to the expenses for bringing in the waters to the aforesaid places,
and can ba ascertained by reading the price currents issued by the
Board of Management of the wells. A separate charge is made for
extra packing when the latter is desired. With regard to the quaiity
of the aforesaid waters no pecullar recommendation will betfound
necessary, and we shall merely add, that all orders addressed to the
undersigned office, or to the local administrators at the springs, will
meet with the utmost attention.—Niederselters, March, 1870.—The
Royal Prussian Board of Management of the Wells.
NOTICE.—The "FIVE POUND" TELESCOPE.
—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS beg to give notice, that in future
their "FIVE POUND" TELESCOPE will bear their name and ad¬
dress in full, engraved on the brass end, and that the object glass, which
will bear the test of the late Lord Rosse, viz, a 300 power, will have
their initials on the edge.—39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly
NOTICE.—Messrs. SAVORY and MOORE,
chymists to the Queen, of 143, New Bond-street, find it necessary
to intimate to their patrons and the public that since the amalgamation
of their Regent-street branch with the establishment in New Bond¬
street, their ONLY BRANCH HOUSES are at 1, Lancaster-gate,
Hyde-park, and 29, Chapel-street, Belgrave-square, and that they have
no connexion with any other establishment in London.
NOTICE.—MANUFACTURING and WHOLE¬
SALE DEPARTMENTS.—Mr. STREETER (late Hancock and
Co., Limited, jewellers and watch and clock makers), 37, Conduit-street.
Bond-street, announces that for the future the manufacturing and whole¬
sale entrance will be at the steam works, Coach and Horses-yard, at
the rear of his premises, 37, Conduit-street, where it is requested that
all vans will call, and large and heavy goods, bullion, &c., be delivered.
Mr. Streeter also begs to state that having erected costly machinery,
worked by steam power, on the premises as above, he is prepared to
execute special orders with greater rapidity than bitherto.
NOTICE.— Alteration of Name.— HANCOCKS
and Co., 39, Bruton-street, corner of Bond-street, jewellers
and silversmiths to the Queen and the Prince and Princess of Wales,
beg to announce that, in consequence of the retirement of Mr.
C. F. Hancock from this business, which he has carried on for so many
years, the name of the firm will be in future as above ; and also that
the remaining portion of the valuable stock of Jewellery and Works
of Art in gold and silver of the old firm is now being Sold for cash, at
greatly reduced prices.—Hancocks and Co., 39, Brutun-street, corner
of Bond-street, W.
NOTICE.—The THREE GUINEA GOLD
BRIDESMAID'S LOCKET, with the new initial loops, can only
be obtained of the registered designers and manufacturers, HOWELL,
JAMES, and Co., jewellers to the Royal Family, 5. Regent-street.
CAUTION.—The Pall-mall Jewel Case.—Messrs.
HOWELL. JAMES, and Co. beg to announce that they are the
SOLE-MANUFACTURERS, Inventors, and Patentees of the PALL¬
MALL JEWEL CASE.—5, Regent-street, Pall-mall.
NOTICE to the PUBLIC.—The BAKER-STREET
BAZAAR is NOT CLOSED on SATURDAY AFTERNOONS
so'clock.
NOTICE.—HOWARD and SONS beg to notify to
their patrons and the public that their EASY CHAIR and
SOFA SHOW ROO M e,
ae the General Cabinet Warehouse,
LOSE at TWO p.m. on SATURDAYS.—25, 26, and 27, Berners-st., W.
NOTICE.—Mr. E. HARTRY, Surgeon-Dentist, in
consequence of the death of his brother, has REMOVED from
No. 42, Harley-street, Cavendish-square, to 41, St. Martin's-lane, Tra¬

NOTICE of REMOVAL.—LUND and BLOCKLEY
(late Viner), established 1804, manufacturers of Keyless Chrono¬
meter Watches, Patent Chimes, Machinery, &c., beg to give notice
that they have REMOVED from 158, New Bond-street, to new and
extensive premives, at 42, Pall-mall, opposite the War-office. N.B.
All English clocks and watches sold by them and bearing their name
are guaranteed to be of their own absolute manufacture.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. FREDK. DAVIS,
importer, purchaser, and valuer of old Sevres, Chelsea, Worcester,
Dresden, and other rare china and works of art in general, begs to in¬
form the nobility, gentry, and public that he has REMOVED from
No. 100, New Bond-street, to his new gallery, 51, Pall-mall, W. (nearly
opposite Marlborough-house), where his valuable collection of old Sevres,
other rare porcelains, and objects of art are always on sale. N.B.—F.D.
continues to purchase rare old china and curiosities to any amount.
FORRESTERS PRIVATE INVESTIGATION
OFFICE. Established 1860. Inquiries made in divorce, libe),
and any private case, with seerecy and despatch.—15, Basinghall¬
street, E.C.
FIELD'S original PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE,
—Mr. HARRY FIELD conducts inquiries, with discretion, in

No, 10, York-road, Lambeth, 20 yeary'
ence with the detective police. Sootch agenoys.
