M. S.—Come home or write. All will be for¬
A.

FRANCIS COX begs to ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEPT of Post-office order for £9, from James Brown, and
begs to return best thanks for the same.
EMMA.—By your love, by mine, by my child, by my
forgiveness, forgive me. Return, or write (at least) instantly.
You would, asking my forgiveness again, if you knew what you have
done, or could have my letter. I was wrong; this maddens me. You
know this was not my fault, and what your letters say. I want to send
you money directly anyhow You love me still, or I would not seek you. I
cannot live without you, and if I die mad or by my own hand you will
feel, too late. I can bearit no longer. Your husband. London.
WILLIAM HENRY BLATCH, late of Andover
in the county of Southampton, LEFT his HOME in the autumn
of 1849, and went to Southampton, where he worked as a labourer at
the Docks until the early part of the summer of 1850, since which time
nothing has been heard of him. Any person giving INFORMATION
which will lead to the discovery of the said W. H. Blatch, or the date
of his death, to Messrs. Toller and Sons, of Doctors'-commons, Lon¬
don, proctors, shall be REWARDED.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD is offered to any
person who will procure the GENUINE CERTIFICATE of
BAPTISM of CLARINDA RABY, daughter of Philip and Henrietta
Cowley Raby. Mr. Raby died in March, 1801, and was buried in
Britain's Burial-ground, in Church-lane, Whitechapel. His widow
married Alderman James Harmer in February, 1806. The ceremony
was witnessed by Mr. Harmer's sister Eleanor Cousins. The above¬
mentioned Clarinda Raby married Mr. John Chaplin, at Beseley
Church, July 15th, 1823. At her death she left one child, a daughter,
Emma Harmer Chaplin, who subsequently married Mr. Samuel Charles
Umfreville. Mrs. Umfreville died March 7th, 1859, at Ingress Abbey,
Greenhithe, Kent. Henrietta Cowley Harmer died February 10th,
1834, at Hatton-garden, aged 58. Alderman Harmer's only surviving
relative is a niece, daughter of his youngest sister. The certificate to
be sent to G. Hansard, Esq., 26, Chancer-lane, London.
LOST, on Saturday night last, a COLOURED
PHOTOGRAPH. Left in a cab. If taken to 4, Clarence¬
terrace, Regent's-park, ONE POUND REWARD.
LOST, on Monday evening (supposed to have been
left in a red omnibus between Regent-street and Charing-cross),
a LADY's RETICULE, containing a purse, cameo brooch
pair of
slippers, handkerchiefs, gloves, &c. TWO POUNDS REWARD if
brought to 130, Regent-street,W
LOST, at the Liverpool-road entrance to the Agricul¬
tural-hall, the night of the Concert, on Friday, the 19th of July, a
HAIR BRACELET, with a gold and turquoise clasp. Whoever has
found it shall be handsomely REWARDED by taking it to Messrs.
Hunt and Roskell jewellers, &c., 156, New Bond-street.
PURSE LOST, containing check, A. G. 33767 bank
note, both of which are stopped; also a guinea. FIVE POUNDS
REWARD.—R. B. S., post-office, Stamford-hill.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, a small BLACK
and TAN TERRIER DOG. Ears cropped, tail uncut. Had on
when lost steel collar and bell. Address N. I. P., 51, Bernard-street,
Russell-square.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on August 8
near Lowndes-square, a FAWN-COLOURED TERRIER DOG
(answers to the name of "Foster"), with a chain collar. Whoever
will bring it to 57, Lowndes-square, shall receive the above reward. No
further reward will on any account be given.
TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on
Tuesday evening, 6th inst., from Clifton-gardens, Maida-hill, a
WHITE BULL TERRIER BITCH, with tulip ears and brindle patch
on right eye ; about 71bs. weight. Answers to the name of Minnie,
The above reward will be paid if brought to No. 9, Clifton-gardens,

TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, or Left
in a Cab, on the 5th inst between Waterloo Station and the
Grosvenor Hotel, a BLACK LEATHER BAG, containing a small
japanned tin cash box, documents, letters, and papers, addressed to
Mr. H. Peltzer, Buenos Ayres, which can only be of value to the owner.
The cash box contained papers, and a few diamonds, one breast pin
with old-fashioned setting of diamonds. Whoever will bring the same
to Messrs. Stoltenhoff and Brigmann, 19 a, Coleman-street, E.C., shall
receive the above reward.
FOUR POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday,
between the hours of 12 and 2, in the Burlington-arcade, or be¬
tween that and Russell-square by way of Regent-street and Oxford-¬
street, a LADY'S GOLD ALBERT CHAIN, with the following orna¬
ments attached by separate chains:—A round seal, with coat of arms,
enclosing five photographs; a small gold locket, with hair inside ; one
ditto empty; a small cross, with coral edges; a gold vinaigrette, and
also a gold pencil case. One chain was empty. Whoever finds the
same, and brings it to No. 8, Montague-place, Russell-square, shall re¬
coive the above reward.
A DOG was LEFT to BOARD at the HOME in
Hollingworth-street, some months since by a lady named BRAD¬
FIELD, but her present address is unknown, Should this meet her eye,
she is requested to COMMUNICATE.
BLACK MARE LEFT at the Swan, Upper Clapton,
April 22, 1867. If NOT CLAIMED within seven days after this
date will be SOLD by public AUCTION to defray expenses.—August
8th, 1867.
IF the HORSE and CART, LEFT at the Greenyard,
Brook-green, Hammersmith, on the 3d of June last, is NOT
OWNED within seven days from this date, will be SOLD to defray
expenses.
WEXT of KIN.—FAMILIES are WANTED, to
CLAIM British and Foreign PROPERTIES unclaimed.—
RICHARDS and Co., 10, Glocester-street, Holborn, W. C., possess in¬
formation in thousands of cases, and recover old claims on commis¬
sion. Inquiries free.
LONDON and BIRMINGHAM GUN-BARREL
PROOF.—ADVERTISEMENT of ALTERATIONS in
PROVING BREECH-LOADING MILITARY SMALL ARMS in
respect to which the existing rules and regulations of proof are insuffi¬
cient.
NEW RULE and REGULATION for the proof of breech-loading
barrels for military small arms, for which the proof as stated in
Schedule B to "The Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1855," annexed, is deemed
insufficient, made under the authority of the Act by the two Com¬
panies in the Act called "The Gunmakers' Company" and "The
Birmingham Company," with the approval of the Right Honourable
Sir John Somerset Pakington, Baronet, Her Majesty's Secretary of
State for War, in the month of July, 1867.
Whereas under and according to the existing Rules and Regulations
for the proof under the Act of barrels for small arms barrels for
breech-loading arms are liable to provisional proof and also to defini¬
tive proof and after being duly proved are to bear proof marks de¬
noting provisional proof and definitive proof respectively according to
the Rules and Regulations in Schedule B to the Act annexed.
And whereas since the passing of the Act a practice has arisen of
converting barrels originally made and intended for muzzle-loading
arms (commonly called and known in the gun trade as muzzle loaders)
into barrels for breech-loading arms (commonly called and known in
the gun trade as breech-loaders).
And whereas it commonly happens in the process of so converting
barrels that the provisional proof mark borne by the barrels before
their conversion disappears by reason of that portion of the barrel
whereon the provisional proof mark is impressed being cut off and
under the Act barrels so converted are liable after conversion to be
proved provisionally as well as definitively whether they have or have
not been so proved theretofore but it is inexpedient that barrels so
converted and which before the conversion have been submitted to and
have stood the test of provisional proof and thereupon received pro¬
visional proof marks should be again submitted to that proof.
And whereas danger may arise to persons using breech-loading mili¬
tary arms upon the faith of the guarantee afforded by the proof mark
thereon without reference to the fitness of the cartridge with which
such arms are used and that in consequence accidents may happen
whereby the value of the proof mark may be improperly and unfairly
deteriorated unless public notice is given of the extent to which the
proof mark upon breech-loading military arms can be safely relied on
as a guarantee for the safe user of such arms.
And whereas breech-loading military barrels of the 1853 pattern
made for the use of Her Majesty's Forces are now in use and are proved
at the Government Factory at Enfield according to certain scales and
rules of proof and a particular description of cartridge which are
deemed by the Director of small arms sufficient as a test or security
for the safe user thereof and it is deemed expedient to assimilate the
proof of breech-loading military barrels by the two Companies to the
same description of cartridge and the same weight of gunpowder as are
now used or may hereafter be used at the Government Factory at
Enfieid for the proof of similar barrels.
And whereas, by Section 95 of the Act power is given to the two
Companies from time to time should they deem the proof as stated in
Schedule B to the Act annexed insufficient with the approval of Her
Majesty's Secretary of State for War to make any new Rules and Regu¬
lations in that behalf.
Now therefore the two Companies with the approval of the Right
Honourable Sir John Somerset Pakington Baronet Her Majesty's
Secretary of State for War such approval being expressly subject to
the condition imposed by the provise lastly hereinafter contained, do
make the following new Rule and Regulation that is to say,
Whenever any military barrel duly marked under the Act with the
provisional proof mark of either of the two Companies and not being
a breech-loader is brought to the proof-house of the Company by
which the barrel was provisionally proved accompanied by a state¬
ment in writing made or purporting to be made by or on behalf of
the owner or owners of the barrel that the barrel is intended to be
converted into a breech-loader the Proof Master of either Company or
the duly appointed officers in that behalf of the "Gunmakers' Com¬
pany," or the Assistant Proof Masters of the "Birmingham Com¬
pany" as the case requires may efface all exisring proof marks from the
barrel and where it is not necessary that the barrel be again sub¬
mitted to provisional proof may and shall impress a new provisional
proof mark at a proper and convenient distance higher up on the
barrel without subjecting the barrel to any new or further provisional
proof.
After conversion when the breech-loading action is attached and com¬
plete the barrel still bearing such new provisional proof mark shall be
subject to definitive proof.
Provided always that neither of the two Companies shall definitively
prove or mark as proved any barrel unless that Company proved the
barrel provisionally.
It shall be sufficient for the two Companies from time to time to
prove all breech-loading military barrels in the same manner as breech¬
loading military barrels made for the use of Her Majesty's Forces and
with the same weight of gunpowder and the same description of cart¬
ridge as are now used or from time to time shall hereafter be used in
the proof of similar barrels at the Government Factory at Enfield.
Provided also that in the public notice of this new Rule and Regula¬
tion to be given by the two Companies pursuant to section 95 of the
Act it shall be stated that the proof marks upon the barrels of
breech-loading military small arms are intended to be and in fact
are a guarantee for the safe user of such arms so long only as the
same description of cartridge is used as is now in use or may hereafter
be used at the Government Factory at Enfield for the proof of breech¬
loading military small arms.
Signed by order of the two Companies respectively,
GEO. RUTHERFORD, Clerk of the Gunmakers' Company.
WILLIAM S. ALLEN, Law Clerk to the Birmingham Compar
CAUTION.—FOREIGN VINEYARD ASSOCIA¬
TION (Limited), Joint-Stock Wine Company, established 1854.—
The Direetors, having learnt that letters intended for the Association
have miscarried, hereby give notice that this Cempany has no con¬
nexion with any other establishment, and particularly request that all
orders and remittances be addressed to W. H. Palmer, Esq., Manager,
at their new offices, 200, Regent-street, W.
NOTICE.—The MUSEUM of PRACTICAL
GEOLOGY, Jermyn-street, will be CLOSED, from the 10th of
August until the 10th of September.
By order.
HINDOO and MAHOMEDAN LAW.—A
COURSE of EIGHTEEN LECTURES will be delivered on
these subjects, twice a week, by STANDISH GROVE GRADY, bar¬
rister-at-law, Recorder of Gravesend, commencing on 9th of Septem¬
ber and ending on the 7th of November next, at Clement's-inn-hall,
Strand, at 10 o'clock a.m. each day. Gentlemen wishing to attend
can obtain vouchers of Mr. Grady's clerk, at 5, Essex-court, Temple.
TO HEADS of SCHOOLS.—The Rev. A. J. D.
D'ORSEY will LECTURE on the "Art of Reading" and "Tho¬
rough English," at the principal towns in the west of England, between
14th and 30th August. Apply before 12th inst.—9, Upper Seymour¬
street, W.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—We beg to inform our
friends and the public that on and after the 12th of August
we shall conduct our business of advertising and newspaper agents
at No. 5, Serle-street, instead of at No. 11.—STREET, BROTHERS.
8th August, 1867.
DEMOVAL.—Messrs. CHUBB and SON beg to
announce the REMOVAL of their SAFE MANUFACTORY
from West Smithfield te their newly-erected premises, Chubb's Safe
Works, Glengall-road, Old Kent-road, S.E.
NOTICE.—Holborn Valley Improvements.—
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA, REMOVED from Ne. 1 to (tem¬
premises) 103, Hatton-garden.
BOLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES instituted with secresy and despatch
in divorce, libel, and other cases, by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington¬
green.
SWIMMING TAUGHT, in Six or Eight Lessons,
no matter what age or how nervous of water. Completion
guaranteed for one guinea. Lessons any hour of the day, at the Lam¬
beth Baths, by Professor BECKWITH and his experienced assistant,
Mr. T. ATTWOOD. Schools attended within 50 miles of London.
The highest of testimonials from noblemen, gentlemen, and the various
educational institutions of England.
SHOOTING.—To be LET, in Hertfordshire, capital
GENERAL SHOOTING, well preserved, close to a station, and
within an hour of town. Apply to A.B., care of Mr. Gooch, gun¬
maker, &c., St. Alban's.
LONUMENTAL.-IMPERISHABLE INSCRIP¬
TIONS on MARBLE in SOLID LEAD, introduced from Rome
by Mr. E. J. PHYSICK, sculptor, with unfailing success. Designs (each
marked at the lowest terms) for monuments, tombs, tablets, &c., for¬
warded on application, stating particulars, &c., to Mr. E. J. Physick,
the Monumental Works, 136, Marylebone-road, adjoining Baker-st., W.
MONOGRAMS.—RODRIGUES' MONOGRAMS,
Arms, Crests, and Addresses, designed and engraved as gems of
Art; steel dies engraved; note paper and envelopes stamped in colour
relief, and illuminated in the most elegant style ; arms, crests, or mono¬
grams engraved on seals or rings.—At H. Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly, W.
