DESTIVO E. ROBINSON, travelling from Salis¬
bury, by Exeter, to Ilfracombe.—RETURN as soon as you see
this. Your brother is dangerously ill.
ACKNOWLEDGMENT, with thanks, of a
DONATION of £10 from A. D., in favour of the Queen
Charlotte's Lying-in Hospital, 191, Marylebone-road.
AUGUSTUS U. THISELTON, Secretary.
THOMAS SPIES, who has been in Greece for some
years as a mechanic, is requested to CALL at his friend's, who
has arrived at 38, Finsbury-square, London.
INFAMOUS TRAFFIC.—From the Monthly Report
of the Society for the Protection of Young Females, 28, New
Broad-street, E.C.:—"The Committee have adopted means by which

in reference to the "infamous traffic" carried on between this country
and the continent, and Mr. POLLAKY, of 14, George-street, Man¬
sion-house, will FURNISH all necessary INFORMATION upon this
subject."
LOST.—LEFT in a CAB, between the Haymarket
and Upper Gloucester-place, on Thursday evening, an OPERA
GLASS, with owner's name thereon. A REWARD will be paid on
delivery of the same at the post office, Upper Baker-street.
LOST, on the evening of the 16th inst., at a Missionary
Meeting, in the Lecture-hall, Blackheath, a RED POCKET¬
BOOK, with name inside, containing papers of no value to any one
but the owner. Whoever will take it to 1, Belgrave-terrace, Lee, shall
be REWARDED for the trouble.
LOST, on Thursday, June 18, in London, a NAVAL
DISCHARGE, the property of James W. Butterfield. Whoever
has found the above, and will return it to Mr. H. Meadows, Brixton¬
hill, or to the Green Man, Old Kent-road, or No. 14, Little Earl-street,
Soven Dials, shall receive 10s. REWARD.
TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on
Thursday, the 18th June, in the neighbourhood of Seven Dials,
a BLACK RETRIEVER DOG: answers to the name of "Joskins"
or "Elcho." Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Tucker's, 54, Long
acre, shall receive the above reward. No further reward will be offered.
SEVEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Ascot
Racecourse, on Tuesday afternoon, the 2d of June, a GOLD
WATCH, engine-turned back, gold face, and hands; makers names,
Greyhurst and Harvey. Whoever brings the same to Mr. Day,
No. 13. Care-street, Lincoln's-inn, shall receive the above reward. No
further reward will be offered.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the
afternoon of the 18th inst., in the neighbourhood of Gresham¬
street, city, TWO £10 and one £5 BANK of ENGLAND NOTES,
the numbers of which are known and stopped. Any person having
found the same is requested to take them to Win. Moon, Esq., 15, Lin¬
coln's-inn-fields, when he shall receive the above reward.
THIRTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Fri¬
day, June 12, a RUSSIAN LEATHER POCKETBOOK,
fastened by Indiarubber band, containing £65 in notes, owner's
visiting cards, receipt and postage stamps, and plain gold pencil-case.
The owner's name and address is written in the book. Whoever will
take the above to Mr. Cook, tailor, Clifford-street, Bond-street, shall
receive the above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday,
toetheae entleman going from Surbiton-hill, Kingston, a
GOLD WATCH (maker's name, Dwerrihouse), and chain, with key,
seal, and small gilt boat ornament attached. The gentleman went
from Surbiton-hill to the Railway Hotel, Kingston, and thence to
Esher by train, and from there to Waterloo (where he arrived about
6 o'clock p.m.), and by omnibus and walking to North-bank, St. John's¬
wood, London. Whoever will bring the same to 37, North-bank, St.

FIVE POUNDS REWARD.— Whereas a CERTI¬
FICATE for £3,820 Brighton Four-and-s-Half per Cent. Pre¬
ference Stock, with two Transfer Deeds for £1,440 each, and one Trans¬
fer Deed for £120, of the said stock, transferred and signed by Sir
Charles Decimus Crosley, of Sun-court, Cornhill, London, Knight,
to James Bishop, of Finsbury Distillery, Esq., were put into the Post¬
office in Lombard-street, on the 16th ult., addressed to the Secretary
of the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company, and
have never been received;—this is to give notice, that the above
reward will be paid to any one who has found and will return the
deeds and certificate to Mr. Francis Burnand, of County-Chambers,
No. 14, Cornhill. N.B. These deeds and certificate are perfectly useless
to anyone but the advertiser.
FOUND, 19th inst., PURSE and MONEY. Apply
at 7 Union-street, Berkeley-square, W.
FOUND, on the 29th April, in Upper Kennington¬
lane, a GOLD SIGNET RING, crest a rising sun, with motto,
engraved on dark stone. Application to be made at the Police Sta¬
tion, L Division, Kennington-lane.
FOUND, on the 10th of June, a PURSE, containing
English and foreign coins, a card of introduction to a London
surgeon, a draft on the London and Westminster Bank, and other
articles. Apply to Mr. Vinter, 19, East-street, Queen-square, W. C.,
giving description and paying expenses.
FOUND, in Hyde-park, on Saturday, the 13th
inst., a LADY's GOLD WATCH and CHAIN. Address,
stating number of watch and maker, also description of chain, to
W. Jefferies, 294, Regent-street, W. If not owned within seven days,

THE GENTLEMAN, who purchased one of Gould's
highly-finished fly rods, on the 17th inst., and LEFT his PURSE,
on the counter, can have the same restored on sending his name and
address, and describing contents, &c.—A. Gould, practical rodmaker,
Golden Perch, 268, Oxford-street, W.
JETROPOLITAN POLICE-OFFICE.—FOUND.
in Portland-place, on the 11th inst., a GOLD MOURNING
FINGER RING, with diamond open setting. Inscription—"Richard
Kelsey, Esq.," &c. Application to be made at the Police Station,
D Division, Marylebone-lane, Oxford-street.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—To Parish Clerks.—
WANTED, the MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE of JOHN
BROWN and SARAH LEATHERMAN, of Little Adam, Hertford¬
shire. Any one who can discover the aforesad marriage certificate shall
receive the above reward by communicating to Mr. Thos. Brown,
No. 8, Bennet's-terrace, Waddington-street, Stratford, Essex.
TO PARISH CLERKS and others.—ONE GUINEA
REWARD will be paid for the CERTIFICATE of the MAR¬
RIAGE of GEORGE FOSSEY with a Miss WILLIAMS, supposed to
have taken place in Buckinghamsdire or Bedfordshire, between the
years 1755 and 1780. Apply to Mr. Edward Bower, solicitor, Birming¬
ham; or Messrs. Newton and Whyley, solicitors, Leighton Buzzard,
Beds.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of
£5,000, £3 5s. per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names
of PETER POWNALL, of Bram Hall, Esq., deceased, and THOMAS
BROCKLEHURST, of Macclesfield, Esq., and which dividend was
paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National
Debt, in consequence of its having remained unclaimed since the 5th
April, 1853; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Dividend will be paid to Thomas
Brocklchurst, the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—
To ELSPET MASON (wife of John Mason), whose address is
unknown, Francis Macpherson Hossack, now or lately of Shields, in the
county of Durham, and Isabella Hossack, of Boulogne, in France
take notice, that a CITATION, dated the 28th day of May, 1863, has
issued from the Principal Registry of Her Majesty's Court of Probate,
at the instance of John Wilkinsoy, a creditor of Francis Macpherson,
late of No. 5, King William-street, Strand, in the county of Mid¬
dlesex, bookseller, deceased, against you the said Elspet Mason,
as the sister and next of kin of the said deceased, and you Francis
Macpherson Hossack and Isabella Hossack, as his lawful nephew and
niece, citing you within thirty days after service thereof, to cause an
appearance to be entered for vou in the said Principal Registry, and
to accept or refuse letters of administration of the personal estate and
effects of the said deceased, or show cause why the same should not be
granted to the said John Wilkinson as a creditor, with an intimation
that in default of your so appearing, accepting, and extracting letters
of administration, the same will be granted to the said John Wilkin¬

CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
S. HUGHES, 33, Bedford-street, Covent-garden, Solicitor.
CAUTION.—59th Geo. III., cap. 7, sec. 8, intituled
"An Act to regulate the Cutlery Trade in England, provides that
any offender against this Act may be committed to prison by two
justices of the peace for three calendar months. The undersigned
have reason to believe that their corporate trade mark, "The Sun," is
extensively forged on swords, cutlery, and tools, which are exported to
South America: and they give notice that they will PROSECUTE all
boernons manufacturing or selling goods fraudulently stan
baed w ith
"The Sun,
(Signed).
BROTHERS
Nos. 67 and 68, King William street, London, May 8, 1863
CAUTION against COPIED PHOTOGRAPHS.—
Whereas several advertisements have appeared, stating that the
advertisers could re-produce Cartes de Visite by photography at a low
price, now I, CAMILLE SILVY, caution all persons against such pro¬
ceedings, which infringe the acts for the protection of property in
works of art. I may also state that perfect copies of my photographs
cannot be obtained by this method, there being always a great diffe¬
rence between a spurious copy and the original proof. In order to
secure, at any time, proofs from the original plates. I have kept them
in perfect order from first to last (above 15,000 in number), and from
these plates, and these aloue, the public may be sure of obtaining
proofs, either of the same size or enlarged, perfectly equal to the first.
—No. 33, Porchester-terrace Bayswater W
NOTICE.—The Habana Cigar Company CAUTION
all persons from assuming or using the name of the Habana
Cigar Company, or any colourable imitation thereof, as proceedings
will be taken by injunction in Chancery; and they respectfully inform
the public that their only establishments are at 48, Pall-mall, and

LOUIS SILBERBERG, Manager.
INCHANCERY.—Master of the Rolls.—In the Matter
of the ESTATES, situate in the parishes of Stoke St. Milborough
and Bitterley, in the county of Salon, devised by the WILL of Sir
WILLIAM EDWARD ROUSE BOUGHTON, late of Downton-hall, in
the same county, Baronet, deceased, and in the Matter of an Act of the
19th and 20th years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An
Act to Facilitate Leases and Sales of Settled Estates," and in the
Matter of an Act of the 21st and 22d years of the reign of Her present
Majesty, intituled "An Act to Amend and Extend the Settled Estates
Act of 1856," notice is hereby given, that a PETITION in the above¬
mentioned matter was, on the 3d day of June, 1863, presented to the
Right Honourable the Master of the Rolls by Sir Charles Henry
Rouse Boughton, of Downton-hall, in the county of Salop, Baronet,
praying that a LEASE of the COAL, Ironstone, and other Minerals
and Mineral Substances, in, under, or upon that part of the Titterstone
Clee-hill, in the parishes of Stoke St. Milborough and Bitterley, which
is included in the hereditaments devised by the said will, might be
granted to Mr. Issac Smith, with all necessary and proper rights,
powers, and privileges, to enable the working of the said minerals and
mineral substances, and in the terms of the draft lease about to be
agreed upon between the petitioner and the said Mr. Isaac Smith as
thereinbefore mentioned, or in such other terms as the said Court
might think proper, such lease to be for the term of 60 years, or such
less term as might be deemed proper; and that the petitioner might be
appointed to execute the said lease, and that a general power to grant
leases of the lead and any other minerals or mineral substances in.
under or upon any lands in the parishes of Stoke St. Milborough and
Bitterley aforesaid, devised by the said will might be vested in the
Right Honourable St. Andrew, Lord St. John, and Frances Stack¬
house Acton, widow or the survivor of them, or other the trustees or
trustec for the time being entitled to exercise the powers of sale and
exchange contained in the said will, such power to grant leases to be
exercised with the consent of the tenant for life, if any, for the time
being entitled to the possession or the receipt of the rents of the same
land, under the said will, or if there should be no such tenant for life,
then, without such consent, and that the said St. Andrew, Lord St.
John, and Frances Stackhouse Acton, or the survivor of them, or other
the trustes or trustce for the time being of the said powers of sale
and exchange contained in the said testator's will, might be appointed
the trustees or trustee to whom the one fourth part which the peti¬
tioner would not be entitled to retain for his own use of the rents and
rayalties to be reserved by the said lease to the said Mr. Isaac Smith,
or by any other leases as aforesaid, might be paid, such one fourth part
to be applied for the purposes directed in the first above mentioned
Act, and that the moneys so paid in respect of such one-fourth
part might, until so applied, be invested in the names of the said
trustees or trustee in the purchase of Bank £3 per Cent. Annuities, in
their, his, or her names or name; and that the dividends to accrue due
on the said Bank Annuities might be paid as they accrue due to the
person or persons for the time being entitled to the possession or to
the receipt of the rents and profits of the hereditaments devised by the
will of the said testator, Sir William Edward Rouse Boughton, de¬
ceased; and that the costs and expenses of the petitioner and all other
parties of and incident to the application might be taxed as between
solicitor and client, and that the amount thereof, when so taxed, might
be raised and paid out of the money received by the said trustees or
trustee in respect of such one fourth part as aforesaid, or out of any
other money which might then or thereafter be in their hands, sublect
to the trusts of the said will ; or that his Honour would be pleased to
make such further or other order in the premises as to his Honour
might seem proper; and notice is hereby also given, that the petitioner
may be served with any order of, the Court or notice relating to the
subject of the said petition, at the office of his solicitors, Messrs. Dom¬
ville, Lawrence, and Grabam, No. 6, New-square, Lincoln's-inn, in the
county of Middlesex. —Dated this 12th day of June, 1863.
DOMVILLE, LAWRENCE, and GRAHAM, 6, New-square, Lin¬
coln's-inn, Solicitors for the Petitioner.
MARYLEBONE LITERARY and SCIENTIFIC
INSTITUTION, 17, Edwards-street, Portman-square.—THIS
EVENING, at half-past 8, GEORGE DAWSON, Esq., M.A., will
LECTURE on "What has Napoleon the Third done for France."

J. PARKER, Interim Secretary.
BIRMINGHAM ROSE SHOW.—The PRIZE
LIST of this important exhibition of cut roses, garden orna¬
ments, and horticultural implements is now ready, and may be had on
application to the secretary, Mr. Alexander Forrest, Queen-chambers,
Birmingham, from whom also forms of entry may be had. The last
day on which entries of implements and garden ornaments can be
made is July 2, and of roses July 9. There is every reason to expect an
unusually fine display of the "Queen of Flowers" at this interesting
and important exhibition.
