DAM, EVE, J.—Your Scotch correspondent must
be satisfied of authorship. Kindly write there, or her cousin,
or mo. Delay will inevitably increase difficulty and occasion publicity.
Send for letters to Q.
IF PETER WATMOUGH FORREST, who resided
in Birkenhead in 1877, will APPLY to Messrs. Simpson and
North, Solicitors, Liverpool, he will hear of something to his ad¬
antage.
INFORMATION WANTED.—INFORMATION is
as to the survivance or decease of Mr. CHARLES
EDWARD MONAB, who was born at Lisbon in or about the year
1843, but was of Scottish extraction. The last account his relatives
received of him was that he sailed as Chief Officer of the Eurcka, of
New York, from that port for Havre, France, on 29th April, 1873, and
has not since been heard of. Any information about his having
landed at Havre or elsewhere, and of his survivance or decease, may
be of importance if communicated to Mossrs. Mitchells, Cowan, and
Johnstone, Solicitors, 160, George-street, Glasgow, before 30th Novem¬
ber, 1879.—Glasgow, Nov. 12, 1879.
GEORGE TAYLOR deceased Whereas George
Taylor one of the Children of George Taylor late of Peckham
in the County of Surrey Gardener and Harriett his Wife died on the
29th day of March 1879 at No. 14 Denmark Street Lambeth Surrey
Intestate and without issue And whoreas the said George Taylor was
twice married and his first Wife Eliza Susannah died on the 21st day
July 1866 And whereas the said George Taylor on the 14th day of
December 1869 intermarried with Emma Field And whereas Letters
of Administration of the personal Estate of the said George Tavior
were on the 18th day of September 1879 granted by Her Majesty's
High Court of Justice at the Principal Registry of the Probate
Division thereof to Emma Tayfor the Widow All persons claiming
to be the NEXT of KIN according to the Statute for the distribution
of Intestates Estates of the said GEORGE TAYLOR late of 14
Denmark Street aforesaid living at the time of his death or the legal
personal representatives of such of the said Next of Kin as are now
dend are hereby required on or before the 1st day of January 1880 to
send in their Claims to us the undersigned or in default thereof they
will be excluded from all benefit in the Estate of the said George
Taylor deceased Dated this 19th day of November 1879.
LEWIN & Co 32 Southampton Street Strand Solicitors
for the said Administratrix.
MARY SMITH'S CHARITY.—In pursuance of an
Order of the High Court of Chancery, made in the above mat¬
ter, on thel2ist day of January, 1822, wo, the undersigned, do hereby
give notice to the several PERSONS DESCENDED from RACHEL
BURTON, otherwise CHANCE, widow, SARAH WINKWORTH,
widow, and POSTHUMOUS BECKFORD, of London, gentleman,
severaily described in the will of Mary Smith, formerly of Bristol,
widow (dated the 12th day of March, 1734, and proved in the Consis¬
tory Court of Bristol the 5th day of May, 1736), as her two sisters and
nephew, and who have been duly found to be her next of kin living
at her death, that we intend to meet on Tuesday, the 23d day of De¬
cember next, at 11 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Vestry Room of the
parish church of Saint Mary Redeliff, in this city, to distribute the
sum of £56 8s. 5d., being the clear amount distributable under the
said order, among such persons so descended, and do require such of
the said persons as shall be desirous of obtaining the benefit of the
said charitable bequest to come in before us at our said meeting, and
to prove to our satisfaction their descent and also that they are re¬
duced to poverty, in default whoreof the said fund will be otherwise
disposed of pursuant to the said order.—Dated at Bristol, this 20th
day of November, 1879.
WARTHUR BAKER.
Churchwardons of St.

ER CRIPPS, Mary Redcliff.
MARTIN WINTLE, Churchwardens of St.
THOMAS C. STOCK.
Thomas.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE Probate Divorce
aend Admivalty Division (Probate) The Principal Registry To the
NEXT of KIN if any and all other persons in general having or pre¬
tending to have any interest in the personal estate of WILLIAM
VINNICOMBE late of Long Ashton in the County of Somerset, Farm
Labourer deceased Take notice that a CITATION has issued under
seal of the Probate Division of Her Majesty's High Court of Justice
dated the 18thiday of November 1879 where n.
you are cited to appear
within 30 days after the publication of this Notice and accept or
refuse letters of Administration of the personal estate of the said Wil¬
liam Vinnicombs deceased who died Intestate or show cause why the
same should not belgranted to William Joseph White the tole Execu¬
tor of the Will of Ann Vinnicombe Widow Relict of the said William
Vinnicombe with an intimation that in default of your appearance the
said Letters of Administration will be granted to the said William
easess
H. L. STRONG Registrar.
MK BRAUND 3 Furnivais Inn Solicitor for the said W. J.W.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £250 Consolidated £3
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of Rev. BROOME
LAKE WITTS of Hersham, Surrey, Clerk, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1869;—
Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three montks from
this date (November 22d, 1879) the said Stock will be Transferred, and
the Dividends thereon Paid to Rev. William Froderick Witts, acting
executor of Rev. Broome Lake Witts, deceased, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto.
L. F. gratefully ACKNOWLEDGES the RECEIPT
of TWO FIVE POUND NOTES, from Leamington, Nos. 48147,
16304.
THE Rev. ROBERT LINKLATER thankfully
ACKNOWLEDGES the RECEIPT of £52 4s., the proceeds of
the Dance given at The Ship, Greenwich, on the 11th inst., in ald of
the St. Agatha's Mission, St. Petor's, London Docks.
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand W. C.
—The Treasurers thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEI
of £5 5t
DONATION from John Voce Moore, Esq.—HENRY
WOOLCOTT.
CENTRAL LONDON THROAT and EAR HOSPI¬
TAL, Gray's-inn-road. President, His Grace the Archbishop of
CANTERBURY.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEIPT of a DONATION of £5 5s, fro.
homas Rutt, Esq., and
of £1 from Lady Dasent. WALTER BRUCE HONMAN, Secretary.
DENTAL HOSPITAL of LONDON, Leicester¬
square.—President—H.R.H.the Duke of CAMBRIDGE, K.G.—
The Managing Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE a DONA¬
TION of TEN GUINEAS (constituting Life Governorship) from.
J. F., per T. Underwood, Esquire, in aid of the funds of this unen¬
dowed Charity.—GEO. A. IBETSON, Hon. Sec.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Wed¬
nesday, between Gordon-square and Tottenham-court-road, or
Cavendish-square and Welbeck-street, or in a Favourito omnibus, a
GOLD THIMBLE. E. R. engraved on it. Apply to Mr. George,
Messrs. Iliffe, Russell, Iliffe, and Cardale, 2, Bedford-row, W.C.
BUNCH of KEYS LOST, on Saturday, the 15th
inst., between Russell-square and Hrde-par.
containing Chubb's
latch key and eight smaller keys. TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
Owner's address, No 102, Great Russel
street, Bloomsbury.
THE STOLEN PICTURE, Our Gardener, by Van
der Weyde, has been found, pawned, immediately after its loss,
in the name of Angelo Sardon. £5 REWARD will be paid for any
INFORMATION leading to the apprehension and conviction of the
pawner.—The Van der Werde Light Studios, 182, Regent-street
W.
COLLIE DOG LOST, at Dulwich, on 24th October;
black and tan, with white cross on breast and white tip to tail. If
taken to 3. College-gardens, Dulwich, finder shall be handsomely
REWARDED.
METROPOLITAN POLICE OFFICE.—FOUND,
at 12.30 p.m., 18th instant, in Oxford-street, a PURSE, con¬
taining three sovereigns, silver copper, and postage stamps, and an
express ticket—Victoria to Brighton. Application to be made st the
Police Station, Tottenham-court-road.
LORD MAYORS DAY.— Whoever LEFT a COAT
at the Guil- thall Banquet, on the 10th inst, may receive it of the
Hallkeeper, on describing correctly the coat and its contents, and

TRUSCOTT, Mayor.
COMMON COUNCIL holden in the Chamber of
the Guildhall of the City of London, on Thursday, the 20th day
of November, 1879. Resolved.—
That the best thanks of this Court be hereby presented to the Right
Hon. Sir Charles Whetham, Knight, late Lord Mayer of this City, for
the public service he has rendered as Chief Magistrate during the

The claims of charity have been numerous and urgent both at home
and abroad, and his Lordship has given to these claims prompt atten¬
tion and ready aid with successful and gratifying resuits.
In the course of dispensing the hospitalities of the Mansion-house
his Lordship has received many illustrious and distinguished per¬
sonages; and especially has evinced his desire to assist in promoting
the public wolfare by his cordial countenance to and reception of the
Association for the Codification of the Law of Nations.
The late Lord Mayor has been punctual, courteous, firm, and im¬
partial in presiding over the deliberstions of this Court, and retires
from office with the good wishes of lts members for his future health
and prospority.
MONCKTON.
THE LOCAL BOARD for the DISTRICT of
LEYTON, Essex.—Notice is hereby given, that the Local Board
for the District of Leyton, in the county of Essex, in pursuance and
exercise of the powers given them by the Public Health Act. 1875 (in
which Act the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts, 1845, 1860, and 1869
are, with certain exceptions, incorporated), and of every other power
enabling them in this behalf, propose to TAKE the several PIECES
or PARCELS of LAND set out in the Schedule hereto, for the pur¬
pose of constructing Works for the disposal of the Sewage of the Dis¬
trict of Loyton aforesaid. And notice is hereby given, that a plan of
the said pleces or parcels of land required for the ourpose aforesaid
may be seon at all reasonable hours at the office of the Board, situate
in Church-road, Leyton, in the said county of Essex.
The Schedule above referred to.
No. on Plan, Parish, and Situation and Description of Land.
1. Leyton, Essex.—Several Pieces of Arable Land, in the Quantity.
occupation of Mr. George Floyd, bounded on the
south by land of the Great Eastern Railway Company,
adjoining the Cambridge Branch of the Great Eastern
Railway Company; on the north and north-east,
partly by land in the occupation of the said George
Floyd, adjoining the Loughton Branch of the Great
Eastern Railway, and partly by other land, known as
Ruckholts Farm, and by an occupation road through
same to Quarter-mile-lane; on the west by land belon
ing to the Trustees of William Frith, deceased, Wil¬
liam Houghton, and Mary Ann Smith, or one or more
of them, and marked 2 on the said plan; and on
the east, by the Loughton Branch of the Great Eastern
Railway Company
0a. 0r. 0p.
2 Leyton, Essex.—Two Pieces of Land, belonging to the
aforesaid Trustees of William Frith, deceased, Wil¬
liam Houghton, and Mary Ann Smith, or one or more
of them, bounded on the south by land of the Grest
Eastern Railway Company, adjoining the aforesaid
Cambridge Branch; on the north, by land belonging
to the aforesaid trustees of William Frith, deceased,
and in the occupation of Mr. Smith; on the east by
the aforesaid pieces of land marked 1 on the said
plan; and on the west by land belonging to the Rev.
John Pardoe, and now or late in the occupation of
Mr. John Smith, and marked 3 on the said plan 8a. Or. 0p.
3. Leyton, Essex.—Several pieces or parcels of land,
bounded on the south by land of the Great Eastern
Raitway Company, adjacent to the aforesaid Cam¬
bridge Branch of the said railway; on the east and
north-east partly by land belonging to the aforesaid
trusteos of the said William Frith, deceased, and in
the occupation of Mr. Smith as aforesaid, and by other
land and buildings, known as ive Farm, now or late
in the occupation of the said Mr. Smith: on the east
and south-east by the aforesaid pleces of land herein¬
before described and marked 2 on the said peia e
and on the west and north-west partly by lands be¬
longing to and in the occupation of Mr. Larler, and
marked  on the said plan, and partly by land be
N¬


aet r Local Board
26a. 0r. 0p.
Letion,
sex.—A Piece o' Land, bounded on the sout
at,
by
aid Cambridse Branch of the Great
Eastern Rail
oe e e o th and north-cast by
lands e o in to Mesters.
ardd
Simonds, and
Daubers, and the said Local Board; on t

south-east partly by the lands hereinbe fore described
and marked 3 on the said plan and partly by land
belonging to th e Grea.
astern Rail
ta ee
bh e
west and n ort h ee
te other land belonging to Mr.
Pardos, and now
late in the oceupation of the said
M.
Smith


36a. 3r. 2p.
 t y 
mber, 1879.
Dated this
103, s. 2p.

NCENT, Clork and Solicitor to the Board,
Boards onfic
Jhurch-road, Leyton.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—It is published herewith that
the merchant MAX FRIEDENTHAL, of Argenau, son of the
merchant, Jullus Friedenthal and his wife Auguste, born Meumann
of this place and ROSA JACOBSOHN, of Kroonstad, South Africa,
daughtor of George Jacobsohn and his wife Anne born Smith (the
father residing in Kroonstad, the mother being dead), are about set¬
ting MARRIED to each other. A public notice relating to it is re¬
quired in the communities of Argenau and Kroonstad.—Argenan 7th
Novembor, 1879. The Public Marriage Officer, ROWALSKI.
ELECTORS REQUIRING INFORMATION relative
to DISESTABLISHMENT and other Ecoleslastical Subjects,
or the Votes of their Members on Ecclesiastical Questions, are re¬
quested to address the Liberation Society, 2, Serjeants'-inn, Fleet¬
street, London.
CROYDON STEEPLE CHASES, Hurdle Races, and
Hunters' Races, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, November
25th, 26th, and 27th. Charges of Admission:—Race course, each day,
1s.; Grand stand, each day. 7s. 6d.; Paddock, each day, 7s. 6d.
Weekly tickets for the course and grand stand only, £1. Weekly
tickets for the course and paddock only £1. Stewards reserved enclo¬
sure (including paddock), after having obtained grand stand ticket, 10s.
Welshers and known bad characters will be expelled from the grand
stand and enclosures, and any persons using any carriage, standing
box, or stool, or wearing any extravagant costume, or exhibiting any
list, or using any umbrella for the purpose of betting upon any portion
of the course, will be expelled; and any moncy they may have paid
for admission will be forleited.
No itinerant traders will be allowed upon any portion of the ground.
Racing will comm ence each day about 12.30.
CATTLE SHOW .
Agricultural-hall, Dec. 8th.—
PACE to be LET, for the exhibition and sale of models and
machinery, horticultural implemente, poulitry fittings, washing ma¬
chines, sewing machines, fancy goods, and toys, in St. Mary's-hall.
communicating with the Cattie Show. For particulars apply to S
Sidney, Secretary.
Agricultural-hall Company (Limited), Barford-street, Islington.
