CAPITOLIUM.—Nothing of the lkind; the idate is
8th of March, 1809.—POLLAKY, Private Inquiry-office, 13, Pad¬

WOURS UNCHANGINGLY.—I have requested
the Proprietor of
s Hotel, Manchaster-street, Mancherter¬
square, to hand you MY LETTERS, if you call for them. In one there
is an enclosure for you. Keep the others until we meet.
MRS. PHILL—PS.—Just returned. Berte.
WRITE a line to club, to say when and where 1 can meet you;
must see you, if only for a few moments. Something of impertance
to communicate.
MITCHENER.—WANTED, the ADDRESS of the
FIRM who exhibited kitcheners, in gallery of Agricultural¬
hall, at last Cattle Show. Address B. R., Moreau's, 98, Queen's-road,
Bayswater.
THE SECRETARY of the UNITED KINGDOM
BENEFICENT ASSOCIATION, 5, Red Lion-square, gratefully
ACKNOWLEDGE FIVE GUINEAS from Water Cave. Esq.
THE SECRETARY of the INFANT ORPHAN
ASYLUM thankfully ACKNOWLEDGES the RECEIPT of
FIVE GUINEAS (annual subscription) from Walter Cave, Esq.
SHOREDITCH SOUP KITCHEN.—The (Trea¬
surer (Mr. Jackson, of 29, Shoreditch), has thankfully to AC¬
KNOWLEDGE the RECEPT of a £100 BANK of ENGLAND
NOTE, No. 19361, from P. W., and several other donations, in ald of
the above.
ST. PETERS HOSRITAL for STONE, 54, Berners¬
street. The Honorary Secretary has very gratefully to ACKNOW¬
LEDGE £10 10s. from James Foster, Esq., of Walthamstow, and
£5 5s. from James Alexander. Esq.
THE HOSPITAL for SICK CHILDREN, 49, Great
Ormond-street.—The Secretary gratefully ACKNOWLEDGES
the RECEIPT of a CHEQUE for FIVE GUINEAS, annual subcrip¬
tion, from Walter Cave, Esq.

SAMUEL WHITFORD, Secretary.
ROYAL INFIRMARY for CHILDREN and
WOMEN, Waterloo-bridgeer
Founded A.D. 1810.—The
Committee of Management ACKNOWLEDGE with sincere thanks
the SUM of £5 5s., kindly presented by Walter Cave, Esq., as his an¬
nual subscription in aid of this useful Hospital.
CHARLES J. F. RENTON, Secretary.
Royal Infirmary, Waterloo-bridge-road, S.E., Feb. 3d, 1870
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
evening last, between 8, James-street, and Charing-cross Station,
a SMALL PURSE, containing gold. Whoever will return the same
to the hall porter, Gryphon Club, St. James's-street, shall receive the
bove reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in or near Glou¬
cester-gardens, on Wednesday night, a SMALL ROUGH BLACK
DOG. Answers to the name of "Prin." Whoever takes the same to
King's library, 8, Spring-street, Hyde-park, shall receive the above.

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Wednesday
evening, the 3d inst., a GOLD LINK BRACELET, with heart¬
shape locket clasp, hair at back, turquoise in front. Supposed to have
been left in the cab which took two ladies from Queen's-gardens to
Notting-hill. Whoever will take the same to Bridge's library, 9, Rail¬
way-terrace, Notting-hill, shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, a FEE STAMP, at Somerset-house. In¬
quire at Messrs. Dyke and Stokes', 18, Bennet's-hill, Doctors'-com¬
nons, E.C.—5th February, 1870.
FOUND, in the Brompton-road, on Thursday, 27th
January, a DIAMOND RING. Owner can have the above by
giving description and paying expenses, at 196, Sionne-street, Knighta¬
bridge. If not claimed within seven days, it will be disposed of.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unglaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-trapsfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
sion of the National lrebt of the sum of £71, 2s. 7d. Consolidated
£3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the namer of SELINA
AN RATCLIFFE, of Windsor, Berks, apmster, and FREDERICK
RATCLIFFE, a minor, and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed since the 5th July, 1846; Notice is hereby given, that, on
the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will be
Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to William Ratcliffe,
administrator to Frederick Ratcliffe, deceased, who was the survivor,
who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner
pearand make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the Re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt of the sum of £71 4s. 7d. Consolidated £3 bay
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of SELINA ANN
RATCLIFFE, of Windsor, Berks, spinster, and WILLIAM RAT¬
CLIFFE, a minor, and which was transferred to the said Commis¬
sioners in consequence of the Dividends thereon having remained un¬
claimed since the 5th of July, 1846; Notice is hereby given, that
on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to William
Ratcliffe, now of age, the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of
£6,026 18s. 10d. Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore stand¬
ing in the name of GEORGE BRITTAIN, the elder, of Streatham-¬
street, Bloomsbury, gentleman, and which dividend was paid over to
the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National leebt in conse¬
quence of its having remained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1860 ;
—Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of torre months from
this date, the said Dividend will be paid to John Smith and Richard
Haydock Wilbe, two of the executors of George Brittain, deceased,
who have claimed the same, unless some other clammant shall sooner
appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To JOSEPH MARKHAM, now
or late of Banham, in the county of Noriolk, farmer.—Take notice, that
a CITATION, bearing date the 12th day of April, 1869, has issued
under the seal of Her Majesty's Court for Divorce and Matrimonial
Causes, at the instance of Mary Markham, of Banham aroresaid, citing
you to appear in the said Court within eight days of the service thereof.
then and these to answer her petition, filed in the said Court, praying
for a dissolution of her marriage with you, and such citation contains
an intimation that in default of your so appearing the Court will pro¬
ceed to hear the said petition proved in due course of aw, and to pro¬
nounce sentence thereon, your absence notwithstanding. Dated this

A. F. BAYFORD. Registrar.
ANDREW STOREY. 6. King's-road, Bedford-row,
Solicitor for the Petitioner.
IN the, HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 5,213.—The EsPERIA.— Whereas a caure of bottomry
has been instituted in the High Court of Admiraity of England, on be¬
half of Willam Evans, of Plymouth, in the county of Devon, ship¬
owner, the legal hoider of a hotromry bond on the shin or vessel Esperia,
her cargo and freight, against the said vessel, her rackle, apparel, and
furniture, and the cargo now or sately laden therein, together with the
freight due for the transporration thereof and whereas the said vessel
and cargo are now lying at Weymouth, in the county of Dorset, under
arrest, by virtue of a warrant issued from the Registry of the said
Court, and no appearance has been entered in the said cause : This is
to give notice to all persons who have on FLA id to ha any RIG1T,
Title, or interest in the said VESSEL, or in the said cargo, that it an
ppearance in the said cause be not entered in the Regisery of the said
Court within six dags from the publication of this notice, the Junge of
the said Court will order the said vessel and the said cargo to be sold,
to answer the claims instunted or to be instituted against the same, or
make such order in the premises as to him shall seem right. —Dated
the 2d day of February, 1870.	H. C. ROTHERY, Reer.
Notice of Sale of Ship and Cargo taken out by Tebbs and Sons,
No. 15, Great Knightyider-street, Doctors'-commons.
COLUMBIA-MARKET, Shoreditch (near Great
Eastern Railway Terminus and Goods Station).—NEW WHOLE¬
SALE FISH MARKET.—It has been decided by a committee of gen¬
tlemen in the fishing interest that, owing to the over-crowded state of
Billingegate, a second tish market is much needed in London
Per¬
mission having been obtained from Miss Burdett Coutts, COLUMBIA
MARKET will be OPENED as a relief to Billingsgate, on Monday,
Feb. 21. A constant and regular supply of fish is guaranteed by a
large fleet of vessels. Applications for stands to be addressed Mana¬
ging Director, Columbia-market, Shoreditch.
Saleamen already established in market:—Mr. Pibell and Mr. Reed,
both of Billingsgate.
BILLIARDS.—JOHN ROBERTS (Champion) and
WILLIAM COOK, mn., will PLAY 1,200 up even, for the CHAM¬
PIONSHIP of the WORLD, on a new table, made expressly for the
occasion by Cos and Yeaman, on Friday, February 11th, play to com¬
mence at 8 o'clock, in the Great St. James's Hall. Plan now ready.
Tickets at Bennett's rooms, St. James's-hall; and Austin's office, 28,

ELKINGTON v. JOHNSON: in Chancery.—The
Trade Mark and Name of bessrs. Elkington and Co. having
been pirated the wish to make it publicly known that the following
order of PERPETUAL INJUNCTION has just been granted in the
above case, and at the same time to give nonce that legal proceedings
will be instituted against all parties who may mark electre-plated
articles with the name of "Elkington," or with a Crown.
RYLAND and MARTINEAU, Solicitors, Birmingham.
December, 1869.
"Upon motion this day made unto this Court by counsel for the
plaintifis, and upon hearing counsel for the defendant, and upon read¬
ing amdavits, &c., this Court doth, by consent, order that a pernecual
injunction be awarded to restrain the delendant, Alfred Johnson,
from stamping, cutting, engraving, or marking, or causing or
procuring to be stamped, cut, engraved, or marked upon any electro¬
plated goods or articles, the word or name Elkington, or the device
or impression of a Crown, or any words, letters, signe, devices, or im¬
pressions, word, letter, sign, device, or impression, which may be cal¬
culated to represent or lead to the belief that such goods or articles
are of the manufacture of the plaintiffs and also from seiling, ex¬
porting, consigning, or otherwise disposing of or parting with, and
from offering for sale any electro-plated goods or articles stamped, cut.
engraved, or marked with the word Elkington, or with the device or
impression of a Crown, or with any such words, letters, signs, devices,
or impressions, word, letter, sign, device, or impression as aforesaid,
other than and except goods or articies manufactured or supplied by
the plaintins. And it is ordered that the defendant, Alfred Johnson,
do pay to the plaintiffs their costs of this suit, such costs to be taxed
by the Taxing Master."
DUC de MONTEBELLOS CHAMPAGNES.—
Caution.—Whereas, an INJUNCTION in Chancery has been
obtained in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Gemmer" restraining
the defendant andall others from selling or parting with sundry cases
of Rhenish wine, imported from Rotterdam, containing bottles bearing
imitation Duc de Montebello's labels and corks, and further prohi¬
hiteng the importation or sale of all wines bearing such imitation labels
or corks; and whereas, in the cause "Duc de Moptebello v. Jobens."
tried in the Tribunal Correctionnel of Havre, a parcel of 250 cases,
containing 3,000 bottles of wine, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello
labels and corks, scized by the French Customs' authorities (the said
spurious wines having been sent from Germany and Havre to be
thence shipped to England, and thus through the colourable importa¬
tion from a French port to avold detection on arrival here), were ad¬
judged to be confiscated; all persons are hereby cautioned against deai¬
ing with spurious champagnes, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello

TAMPLIN and TAYLER, 159, Fenchurch-Street, E.C.,
ses

R. SYMONDS and SON, 3, Ingram-court, 167, 168, Fen¬
church-street, E.C., Agente to the Duc de Montetello.
OUC de MONTEBELLOS CHAMPAGNES.—
R SYMONDS and SON direct especial attention to the pre¬
ceding CAUTION, as renewed attempts are being made to introduce
spurious wines, bearing forged Duc de Montebello labels and corks.
These spurious wines are mostly imported via Rotterdam. The genuine
Duc de Montebello's Champagnes can be obtained of any respectable
wine merchant in town or country.
INJUNCTIONS in CHANCERY will be obtained
against all persons INFRINGING the PATENT for GRIFFITHS'S
PATENT SNAFFLE BRIDLES.—W. GRIFFITHS, 102, Mount¬
street, W. patentee and maker.
NOTICE.—Mr. E. HARTRY, Surgeon-Dentist, in
consequence of the death of his brother, has REMOVED from
No. 42, Harley-street, Cavendish-square, to 41, St. Martin's-lane, Tra¬
algar-square, the original firm.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—The Misses TURK
beg to announce that they have REMOVED from Grove-lodge,
Richmond, to Lansdowne-house, Worcester-park, Surrey. The Wor¬
cester-park Station is on the South-Western Line, six minutes' ride by.

NOTICE of REMOVAL.—The old-established
WATCH and CLOCK BUSINESS of Messrs. AUBERT and
Co., of Regent-street, will, from this date, be carried on by Mr.
STREETER, goldsmith (successor to Hancock and Co., Limited, and
introducer of machine-made watches and clocks), at his establishmens,
No. 37, Condui-street, Bond-street, London. —December 11, 1869.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. FREDK. DAVIS,
importer, purchaser, and valuer of old Sevres, Chelsea, Worcester,
Dresden, and other rare china and works of art in general, begs to in¬
form the nobility, gentry, and public that he has REMOVED from
No. 100, New Bond-street, to his new gailery, 51, Pall-mall, W. (nearly
oppositeMariborough-house), where his valuable collection of old Sevres,
other rare porcelains, and objects of art are always on sale. N.B.—F.D.
continues to purchase rare old china and curiosities to any amount
NOTICE.—Messrs. D. NICOLL and Co., Merchants
and Wholesale Clothiers, corner of Fell and Monkwell streets,
near Wood-street, London, have to announce that they do not in any
way sell goods retail, but will forward the addresses of their agents
who do.
"The Rug Paletot, varying from half-a guinea to a guinea, places
it within the reach of all."—Draper.
"Anything better looking of its kind has never been devised."—
Observer.
"The fame of this firm as patentees of improved garments is well
known..Th Rug Paletot is formed to fit anybody eithes as a cloak for
tha sboulders or as a railway rug for the knees."—Sunday Times.
"It cannot dizarraage full dress costume; indeed, no such
dinner wrap) over evening dress has ever before been iavented."
Era.
All Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co.'s fashionable garments sustain a 
putation of more than a quarter of a century's standing, and in retiring
from the retail and adhering to the wholesais trade, the apportunity
has been enlarged for the public to obtain Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co.'s
manufacturss through ssore th e
