CHORUS TOMMY.
WILEIE.—For your own safety, hasten to, or com¬
municate with, your Uncle, of The Great Fenian Army.
TO E. E. S.—Why don't you send me your address to
4, St. Martin's-place. Charing-cross, W.C.—O.
DY to LILLIE.—Long for some news of you¬
If not for my sake, for your own, please Write.
TO J. H.—Your friends are anxious for your safety,
not having received a letter since May 23, from Paris. Have
heard you left Brussels with Mr. C. Please Write.
S. F. is urgently requested to CALL at 14, Corn¬
hill. Letters of importance.—ARTHUR CLEVELAND MON¬
TAGU and Co.
LANGAROO.—Any portion of the Leopard or the
boar would do, or part of the pig, but abstain from the Leopard's
heart and the parts next it, for the candle will not be out then. The
Lion is too savage to be tamed. Don't forget the haboon's hiscuits.
NATIONAL HOSPITAL, 85, Newman-street, W.—
The Earl of Glasgow, Treasurer, ACKNOWLEDGES, with
many thanks, DONATIONS of £5 from Mrs. Wheeler and T. M.
Weguelin, Esq., M.P., in Aid of the Special Fund for carrying on the
work of this Charity. —July 5th, 1872.
LEFT his HOME, at Camberwell, early on Tuesday,
2d inst., a slim, genteel YOUTH, about 15 years of age, 5ft. 6in,
in height, brown hair, very pale and delicate looking. May be en¬
deavouring to go to sea. Supposed to have with him a small portman¬
tean, a silver watch, and gold chain and seal. His linen marked in
full, initials S. C. T. Any information will be thankfully received by
T., care of Mr. Radford, tobacconist, 146, Fleet-street, E.C.
LOST, on Friday afternoon, between Holborn and
Old Broad-street, a SMALL BUNDLE of PAPERS and
ACCOUNTS. Whoever will take the same to Mr. Long, 38, Carey¬
street, W. C., shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Thursday, the 27th June, a PAIR of
GOLD. DOUBLE-FOLDING, SHORTSIGHTED-EYE GLASSES.
Supposed to have been dropped in Bond-street, Pall-mall, or Grosve¬
nor-street Whoever will take the same to 2, Upper Belgrave-street,
shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
DOG LOST—a Sandy Coloured Collic. Answers to
the name of Prince. Whoever will take him to 5, Tenterden¬
street, Hanover-square, shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, between Covent
garden, the Adelphi, and Charing-cross, a PEARL STUD. To be
taken to the Porter, Oxford and Cambridge Club, Pall-mall.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednesday
morning, between Hyde-park-square and the Viaduct, Holborn,
a BROWN MOROCCO LETTER-CASE, containing three £10 and four
£5 Bank of England Notes, also one country £5 note and two cheques.
Anyone taking them to 7. Albion-place, Hyde-park-square, shall receive
the reward.
ROBBERY of BANK-NOTES.—Caution to Takers
of Belgian Bank-notes.—Robbery of Belgian Bank-notos, com¬
mitted last Monday, 1st July, in the streets of Antwerp, from a clerk;
total sum 185,500 francs, in 165 bank-notes of 1,000 francs each, and
one of 500 francs. FOUR HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD for the
recovery of the property, or in proportion to the amount recovered.
Please address all communications to Messrs. Nissen, Parker, and
Arnold, stationers, 43, Mark-lane, city.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duetion of theNational Debt of the sum of £270 11s.6d. Consolidated £3
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of MATTHEW
GREGSON, of Liverpool, Timber Merchant, and WILLIAM WARE¬
ING, of the same place, Gentleman, and which was transferred to the
said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having
remained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1862 ; Notice is hereby
given, that on the expiration of three months from this date, the said
Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Matthew
Gregson and William Warning, who have claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
GIBBONS, Mayor.
A COURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held in
the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London, on
Tuesday, the 2d day of July, 1872, and in the 36th year of the reign
of Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
Queen, &c.
Persons Admitted to act as Brokers within the city of London and
its Liberties, viz.:—
Names.
Residences.
Wafter Edmund Gredley9. Mincing-lane
William Herbert Kelsey 	17 and 18, Cornhill
Charles Abraham Lloyd00
49, Cornhill
John Francis Holcombe ReadStock Exchange
Alfred James Schwabe
1 24, Throgmorton-street.
George Thomas White..		.. 23, Rood-lane.
WOODTHORPE.
THE METROPOLITAN AUDIT DISTRICT.—
Saint George's Union.—I, the undersigned Hugh Lloyd Roberts,
Auditor of the above named District, do hereby give notice that
have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the SAINT
GEORGES UNION, and of the parishes therein contained, for the
half-year ended 25th March, 1872, to commence on Saturday, the 20th
day of July, 1872, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Board Room of
the said Union, at Mount-street, Grosvenor-square, when and where
all persons who by law are bound to account at such audit are required
to attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers,
containing or relating to the accounts or to moneys assessed for and
applicable to the relief of the poor. —Dated the 29th day of June, 1872.
(Signed) H. LLOYD ROBERTS, District Auditor
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 450.—WARREN-HILL
and SANDOWN FARM. Esher, Surrey.—In the Matter of the
Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53.—Notice is hereby given, that
on the application of JOHN WILLIAM GOOCH SPICER, of Spre¬
park, in the county of Wilts, Esquire, the Registrar intends, at the
expiration of three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGIS¬
TER, with an indefeasible TITLE, the HEREDITAMENTS called
or known az Warren-hill and Sandown Farm, in the parish of Esher,
in the county of Surrey, containing together 118a. Ir. 39p., or there¬
abouts partly in hand and partly in the tenures or occupations of
Mrs. Margaret (lookson, Henry Charles Heppenstall, John Horwood,
John Francis, George Chilman, and Andrew Scott, bounded in part
on or towards the north by Lower-green, the road to Ditton, and the
parish boundary, on or towards the east by the parish of Thames
Ditton, on or towards the south by the public road from Esber to
Kingston, and in part on or towards the west by Lower
Grean-lane, and which said hereditaments are delineated on the
map No. 450, deposited in the office of Land Registry as part
of the description of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged
with red, together with the mines and minerals under the same.
If any person objects to, or desire to show cause against, such regis¬
tration, or claims that the same should be subject to any condi¬
tions or reservations, or that any particular estate or incum¬
brance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before
the Registrar, should be entered on the register, such person may
be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn¬
fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three months per¬
sonally or by his solicitor or connsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make
such objection to, or to show cause against, or to make such claim in
respect of such registration. But any person desiring to make such
objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the par¬
ticulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the said
office before the expiration of the said three months, otherwise he will
be excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map may be in¬
spected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the said
three months. —Dated this 6th day of July, 1872.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
THOS. N. CROSSE, Solicitor to the Applicant.
SATURDAY HALF-HOLYDAY.—Messrs. D. B.
JOHNSTONE and Co. respectfully announce to their friends and
the public that their Drapery and Furnishing ESTABLISHMENT
CLOSES ON SATURDAYS at TWO O'CLOCK all the year round. Great
Western-house, 264, 266, 268, and 270, Edgware-road, 1, 2, 3, 4. 5, and 6,
Thwaites-place, 1 and 2, Gore's-place, and 26, 27, 28, 29, and 30, Chapel¬
street, close to the Edgware-road Station on the Metropolitan Railway,
and five minutes' walk from the Great Western Railway. N.B. Their
Establishment will also remain closed on the Four Bank Holydare,
Easter Monday, Whit-Monday, the first Monday in August, and the
day atter Christmas-day.
NOTICE.—HOWARD and SONS beg to notify to
their patrons and the public that their EASY CHAIR and
SOFA SHOW ROOMS, as well as the General Cabinet Warehouse,
CLOSE at TWO p.m. on SATURDAYS.—25, 26, and 27, Berners-st., W.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sance, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears

CAUTION.—JUDSON'S SIMPLE DYES. Every
label is impressed with the trade mark of the proprietors (a
acock), foliewed by the names of the 18 most popular colours.
CAUTION.—The Bag of Bags.—The ELGIN
WRITING-CASE and A BC DESPATCH BOX are the pro¬
perty and invention of Messrs. JENNER and KNEWSTUB, of
No. 33, St. James-street, and 66, Jermyn-street. The public are re¬
spectfully cautioned against illegal and deceptive imitations of their
patents, trade marks, and placards.
CAUTION.—Messrs. HANCOCKS and Co.,
Goldsmiths, Jewellers, and Silversmiths to the Queen, the Prince
and Princess of Wales, and the Principal Courts of Europe
regret being compelled to CAUTION the public that their BUSINESS,
established by Mr. C. F. Hancock, is only carried on at the same
address, Nos. 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of Bond-street. W.
CAUTION.—The THREE-GUINEA GOLD

maids' Bracelet, having been registered by Messrs. HOWELL, JAMES,
and Co., the public is respectfully cautioned that they can only be ob¬
tained at their estublishment.—Howell, James, and Co., jewellers to
the Royal Family, 5, 7, 9, Regent-street, Pall-mall, London.
CAUTION.—RED HEART RUM.—The public are
cautioned against fraudulent imitations of this celebrated spirit.
Owing to its great success in cases of low fever, cholera, diarrhoa, and
overworked brain, this caution is rendered necessary Sold only in
bottles, which bear the brand of Henry White and Co. on corks, cap¬
sules, and labels.—J. G. TURNEY, 61. King William-street, Lon¬

CAUTION.—In consequence of WM. YOUNGER
and Co. having discovered that their labels have been largely
counterfeited, and having obtained possession of 14 label dies used for
such purpose, inform all purchasers of their ales for export, that for the
future each bottle will have affixed to it, in addition to the ordinary
label, a metalic capsule bearing their trade mark and name, Breweries,
Edinburgh. Established 1749. London stores, Belvedere-road.
CAUTION.—A. S. LLOYDS EUXESIS, for
shaving without soap or water. The widow of A. S. Lloyd has
NOT SOLD the RIGHT to this invaluable preparation, nor has the
original recipe ever left her possession. The gunuine Euxesis bears
the words "Prepared by his Widow," in raised letters on the top
of the tube, and on labels address of manufactory, 3, Spur-street.
Leicester-square, London.
CAUTION.—A. S. LLOYD'S EUXESIS, for shaving
without soap or water.—R. HOVENDEN and SONS having pur¬
chased under an administration suit the business of the late A.S.Lloyd,
together with the receipt, trade mark, and goodwill of his celebrated
Euxesia, the public are cautioned that the original and genuine Euxesis
bears only the address of the original manufactory, 27, Glasshouse¬
street, Regent-street, where it may be obtained as heretofore.
CAUTION.—STRUVES SELTZER and other
MINERAL WATERS, under Her Majesty's especial Patronage.
—Royal German Spa. Brighton (established 50 years).—Owing to the
use of Struve's old bottles by other parties, please to observe that all
Struve's Waters bear Struve's hame on the labels and stamps, and are
thus easily distinguished from the numerous imitations sold as
Brighton Seltzer, Brighton Vichy, &c.—GEORGE WAUGH and Co.,
pharmaceutical chymists to Her Majesty, 177, Regent-street, London.
CAUTION.—Improvements in Ice Safes.—Mr. Ash,
theinventor of the celebrated Piston Freezing Machine, having
recently patented an ICE SAFE, termed the Filtering Refrigerator
which produces important advantages not to be obtained by the use of
any others, vendors of the most ordinary refrigerators are now adopt¬
ing a similar title, therefore it becomes necessary to give public notice
that Mr. Ash's Patent can only be procured trom the PISTON FREEZ¬
ING MACHINE and ICE COMPANY, 314, 3150, Oxford-street, W.
(near Harewpod-gate).
CAUTION.—SANITARY CLOTH.—Every second
yard of this patented material has stamped on the selvage the
word Sanitary, as a distinguishing trade mark for cloth sold in the
piece, and all garments made of this Sanitary Cloth have a ticket show¬
ing the following trade mark—a device of a heart, tinted blue, with the
words Patent Sanitary Cloth, shower not air proof. All colourable
imitations of the above will be proceeded against according to law.—
D. NICOLL and Co., 58 and 59, Paternoster-row, St. Paul's churchyard,
London.
CAUTION.—In caling the attention of the trade
to a recent decision in the House of Lords, in the case of
"Wotherspoon v. Currie," whereby our exclusive right to the use of
the word "Glenfield" in connexion with Starch is indisputably esta¬
blished, wouid also intimate that this decision renders the sale of the
starch made by the defendant illegal, and will subject the seller of it
to a penaity of £10,000. We beg to intimate to those who may have
been induced to buy it, that to save them from total loss we will
allow 20s. per cwt. for it at the Glenfield Starch Works, Paisley, in
exchange for the genuine article, at the current price. This will
entail a loss upon ourselves, as the packets will be broken up and sold
for waste starch, but it will at the same time be the means of rendering
the article useless for further deception. Any information that will
lead to conviction will be rewarded.—R. WOTHERSPOON and Co.
CAUTION.—£1,000.—Whereas it has come to my
knowledge that since the publication of my book, "A Sincers
Voice of Warning against Quacks," &c., many of these quasi-doctors
are maliciously circulating all kinds of false reports, one of which con¬
cerns the value of my testimonials.—This is to give notice, that the
above amount will be paid to any person who can disprove the genuine¬
ness of my Electric Appliances, or of my testimonials and scientifio
documents, as published in my pamphlet (Galvanism, Nature's Chief
Restorer of Impaired Vital Energy), and elsewhare. I am at all times
willing to show experimental proofs of the former, and the originals
of the latter, to any person interested who may call upon mer at my
Galvanic Establishment, 168, Regent-street, W.
J. L. PULVERMACHER.
ligned in the pressnes of Jamas G. Lowis, salicitor, Ely-place.
J 1s. 16.
