COUTE QUI COUTE.
ONYX.—Semper cadem. I want to write to you.
May 1 venture? When does T— come home? Are you well?
MARRY.—You have acted rashly and absurdly, but
irreparable mischief may be prevented by relieving the terrible
anxiety of those who love you. Return immediately to your uncle
(who has seen E.), who will then arrange all to your satisfuction.
LOST, on the 7th inst., about 12 p.m., a GOLD
LOCKET; blue enamelled star and pearl in centre, with por¬
trait inside. Whoever restores the same to A. C., 19, Sidmouth-street,
—
ONE POUND REWARD.—LEFT in a CAB, on
Thursday night, going from Ludgate-hill to Oxford-street, a
PAIR of FIELD GLASSES. Whoever will return the same to Vyse's,,
No. 10, Ludgate-hill, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
evening, a small LIGHT DRAB SKYE TERRIER DOG,
answers to the name of "Joey." Whoever will bring the same to the
Fountain Tavern, Amwell-street, E.C., shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday,
March 6th, in Lincoln's-inn-fields, a GRIZZLE DEERHOUND
DOG, splay footed, and has the mange. The reward will be given on
restoration to 43, Queen's-gardens, W. No further reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the South¬
Western Railway, a PURSE, containing one £5 Bank note
(stopped) and £5 in gold, also some loose silver, and two second-class
railway tickets from Torquay to Bishopstoke. The purse is dark green,
with an elastic band. The above reward will be paid to any one who
brings the same to Mr. A. W. Moore, 2, Bessborough-Street, London.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—Small SCOTCH
TERRIER DOG LOST several weeks since in the neighbourhood
of the Strand. Colour blue and blue tan, short legs, long nose, about
five pounds weight, and answers to name of "Sneider." No further
reward will be offered. Apply at 4, Westbourne-square, Upper West¬
bourne-terrace.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT in a CAR¬
RIAGE (Metropolitan Railway), BILL CASE, containing bill
and two checks. Any person returning the same to the address
printed thereon will receive the above reward. All necessary precaution
has been taken and the documents are useless to the finder.
FIVE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday
last, between Bishopsgate-street and Bishop's-road Station, Pad¬
dington, or Oleveland-square, W., a SMALL, PLAIN, GOLD GENEVA
HUNTING WATCH, with monogram M. K. D. on back. Any one
bringing it to Mr. E. Watson, watchmaker, King-Street, Cheapside,
shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, a BUNCH of FOUR KEYS, on a ring, in
St. Martin's-lane, on Saturday evening last. Apply to Messrs.
Chubb, 57, St. Panl's churchyard.
NOTICE.—Works of Art.—Several WORKS of
ART having been left with Mr. Hogarth by persons whose names
and addresses are unknown to him, he hereby gives notice that, unless
they are CLAIMED within 14 days from this date, he will not be held
responsible for them.—36, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square (removed
from 5, Haymarket), March 3, 1866.
IF Mr. JOHN HAWKSLEY LOCKWOOD, who,
in 1847, was a commission agent, having an office in the Hall of
Commerce, Threadneedle-street, and who, or whose brother William
Lockwood, resided at 3, Mayfield-place, Dalston, will apply to Messrs.
Kingsford and Dorman, 23, Essex-Street, Strand, he will HEAR of
SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE.
THE JENNINGS' PROPERTY.—Further IN¬
FORMATION respecting this curious case, invoiving many
millions of property, to which various persons of the name of Jen¬
nings, and numerous others connected by marriage with that family,
are entitled, is published in "Researches respecting Family History,
Unclaimed Property, and Estates in Abeyance." Price 5s., or by post
for 62 stamps.—J. 11 FENNELL, 49, Millbank-st., Westminster, S.W.
THE NEXT of KIN of Mr. JAMES YOUNG, for¬
merly of Bury St. Edmund's, may HEAR of SOMETHING to
their ADVANTAGE by applying to Mr. F. J. Howell, 2, Rood-lane,
eeee
NEXT of KIN.—WANTED, the RELATIVES of
the late Mr. WHYTEHEAD, who died the latter end of 1865 at
Paraguay. The interested parties, upon applying to Mr. R. A. Burnell,
No. 3, Kingsgate-street, Holborn, may HEAR of SOMETHING to
their ADVANTAGE.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of £60 per
annum Long Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of JOHN
CLARKE, of Sandridge, Bury, Herts, Esquire, deceased, and which
dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the
National Debt in consequence of its having remained unclaimed since
the 5th April, 1817;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of
three months from this date, the said Dividend will be paid to Ben¬
jamin Cotton, the acting executor, who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £25 New Three per Cent. Au¬
nuities, formerly Four per Cent. Annuities 1780, heretofore standing
in the name of ONSLOW GROSE, of Wandsworth, gentleman, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of
the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th April,
1803; Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid, to Robert Onslow Bridge, Administrator of Onslow
Grose, deceased, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £57 7s. 6d. Consolidated Three
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of HENRY
PEACE HARRISON, of Cromer, Norfolk, gentleman, deceased, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of
the Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July,
1854;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid, to Elizabeth Harrison, widow, the administratrix, who
has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
Emily Matson, of Prague, in the Kingdom of Bohemia, spinster,
and Alfred Kingsford Matson, of Mountnessing-station, Timaree,
Canterbury, in the Colony of New Zealand, farmer.—Take Notice that
a CITATION has issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate,
dated the 3d day of March 1866, whereby you and also Charles Matson,
Elizabeth Matson, Mary Matson, Sarah Ann Matson, Ellen Griffiths,
Julia Matson, and Frances Octavia Matson, are cited to appear within
30 days after the service of the said citation, and accept or refuse
Letters of Administration of the personal estate and effects of Arthur
Crabb Matson, late of the Swan-inn, Felstead, in the county of Essex,
licensed victuatier, your late brother, deceased; or show cause why the
same should not be granted to Joseph Alfred Hardeastle, a crediter of
the said deceased, with an intimation, that in default of your and their
appearance, the said Letters of Administration will be granted to
the said Joseph Alfred Hardcastle.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
MAUGER, now MAJOR.—CHANGE of SUR¬
NAME.—Know all men by these presents, that I, JAMES
MARCUS MAUGER, gentleman, of the parish of St. Helier, in the
Island of Jersey, do, for myself and my children, see fit and determine to
revert to the ancient manner of writing my surname, and as on the
authority of divers well-authenticated and contemporary instruments
our ancestors were accustomed to write it, to wit Major, and this to
will and do as a mark of respect and token of common descent from
John Maijor, alias Mager, of Handois, in the Isle of Jersey, himself
descended from Sir Marcus Major, who served in the wars of King
Henry VII., part of whose pedigree is preserved at the College of Arms,
London, in the visitation book of the county of Hants, taken Anno.
1634 (C. 19, Fo. 101).—Now, I, the said James Marcus Mauger aforesaid,
do hereby, for myself and my descendants, declare that, for the future,
in all legal and other documents my common surname shall be known
and written only and solely as above specified, to wit Major, and I here¬
by expressly authorize and desire every person whomsoever to designate
and describe me by such surname accordingly. To this purpose there¬
fore I have caused this poll deed to be duly executed under my hand
and scal, and with my paternal armorial bearings, properly exempli¬
fied, in the margin, at the date below given, and enrolled in Her
Majesty's High Court of Chancery the 30th day of January, in the
year of our Lord, 1868, 12 D.	JAMES MARCUS MAJOR.
Witness— Charles Godfray, Solicitor, Jersey
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 105.—
The Vatch Mills Estate, Stroud and Painswick, Gloucestershire.
—In the matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice
is hereby given, that on the application of ROBERT HASTINGS, of
Stroud, in the county of Gloucester, manufacturer, the Registrar of the
Office of Land Registry intends, at the expiration of three caiendar
months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible
TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS in the parishes of Stroud and Pains¬
wick, in the county of Gloucester, called or known as the Vatch Mills
Estate, comprising the messuage known as Woodside-house, and the
Upper Mill, the Lower Mill, cottages and lands, containing 16a. 0r. 22p.
or thereabout, in the tenures or occupations of Edwd. Carruthers Little
and others, and delineated on the map No. 105 deposited in the Office of
Land Registry as part of the description of the same hereditaments, and
therein edged with red, together with the mines and minerals under
the same. If any person objects to, or desires to show cause against,
such registration, or claims that the same should be subject to any
conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or incum¬
brance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before the
Registrar, should be entered on the register with reference to such
hereditaments, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Re¬
gistry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of
the said three calendar months from the date hereof, personally or by
his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such ob¬
jection, or to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect of,
such registration. But any person desiring to make such objection or
claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof,
and with his name and address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry
before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from making the same. The
said map of the said hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land
Registry may be inspected at the said office at any time before the ex¬
piration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof.—
Dated this 10th day of March, 1866
D. MORDAUNT, Chef Clerk.
ROBERT HASTINGS.
pplicant in person.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 248.—Exe
View-villa, Tiverton, Devon.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th
and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the applica¬
tion of WILLIAM TALLEY, of Beaconsfield, in the county of Buck¬
ingham, solicitor, the Registrar of the Office of Land Regisery intends,
at the expiration of three calendar months from the date hereof to
REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS
called or known as Exe View-villa, in the parish of Tiverton, in the
county of Devon, containing 1r. 25p., or thereabouts, in the tenure or
occupation of Thomas Aldred, Esquire, formerly called Pale Barton-¬
cottage, comprising a messuage, with outbuildings and garden, situate
at the juncture of the old and new turnpike roads from Calverleigh
and Hensleigh to Tiverton, and which hereditaments are delineated
on the map No. 248, deposited in the Office of Land Registry as part
of the description of the same, and thereon edged with red, together
with the mines and minerals under the same hereditaments. If any
person objects to, or desires to show cause against, such registration,
or claims that the same should be subject to any conditions or reser¬
vations, or that any particular estate or encumbrance, charge or
liability, not aiready proved or admitted before the Registrar, should
be entered on the register with reference to such hereditaments, such
person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's¬
inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel,
or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause
against, or to make such claim in respect of, such registration. But
any person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the
same in writing, stating, the particulars thereof, and with his name
and address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry, before the expira¬
tion of the said three calendar months from the date hereof, other¬
wise he will be excluded from making the same. The said map of the
said hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land Registry may be
inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the
said three calendar months from the date hereof. —Dated this 10th day
of March, 1866. 	O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
WILLIAM TALLEY, Applicant in Person.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 336.—
High-Street, Croydon, Surrey.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th
and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the
application of ALFRED CARPENTER, of Croydon, in the county
of Surrey, Esq., M.D., the Registrar of the Oice of Land Registry
intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the date
hereof, to REGISTER, with an indefeasible TITLE, the HERE¬
DITAMENTS, in the parish of Croydon, in the said county of Surrey,
in hand, comprising a messuage numbered 113, in High-street, in the
town of Croydon, with forecourt, coach-house, stables, yard, and gar¬
den thereto belonging, and also a cottage, all situate on the west side
of High-Street, apd on the north side of Whitgift-street, both in the
town of Croydon, and which hereditaments are delineated on the map
No. 336, deposited in the Office of Land Registry, as part of the
description of the same hereditaments, and therein edged with red,
together with the mines and minerals under the same. If any person
objects to, or desires to show cause against, such registration,
or claims that the same should be subject to any conditions or re¬
servations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or
liability, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should
be entered on the register with reference to such hereditaments, such
person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's¬
inn-fields, at any time belore the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel,
or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection, or to show
cause against, or to make such claim in respect of, such registration.
But any person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the
same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name
and address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry, before the expira¬
tion of the said three calendar months from the date hereof, other¬
wise he will be excluded from making the same. The said map of
the said hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land Registry may be
inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the
said three calendar months from the date hereof.—Dated this 10th day
of March, 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
WEST and KING, Solicitors to the Applicant.
GENERAL MOURNING
LESTABLISHMENT,
29, Ludgate-hill.—Mr. BECKLEY begs to inform his numerous
customers he had no connexion whatever with the late firm of W.
Mi-kley and Co., of No. ;o have recently closed their premises.
