TO PHILANTROPHISTS.—Some dear LITTLE
CHILDREN to SAVE. Address for particulars to Pera,
No. 36, Great Tower-street, E.C
NOORE.—All may be arranged if you place confi¬
dence in me, but not an hour must be lost. Will you meet me
t Queen-street-place on Tuesday, at 4 o'clock? Write if. —Sept. 13th.
WILLIAM JAMES DIXON, drowned at sea
October, 1844."—Vide Abney-park Cemetery. Go again to
the old house. Your brothers have left their address there for you.
We all desire to see you. S.
INFORMATION WANTED of a LITTLE BOY,
five years old, black eyes and rosy cheeks, with a small sear on the
left temple, who has been decoyed away from his parents in Germany.
and supposcel to have been brought to England.—Ignatius Pollaky,
No. 14, George-street, Mansion-house.
LOST, on Tuesday last, in Oxford-street, a PURSE'
containing a £10 Bank of England note, No. 59,632, the payment
of which is stopped. Whoever will bring the purse and its contents to
No. 15, Coleshill-street, Eaton-square, S.W., shall be REWARDED.
LEFT in a CAB, on Thursday last, that took three
gentlemen from Holborn to Islington, a small BROWN PAPER
PARCEL, containing a book. A REWARD of TWENTY SHIL¬
LINGS will be paid upon its immediate delivery to Mr. Hammond,
No. 24, Church-road east, De Beauvoir-square, Kingsland.
LOST, between Leinster-square and Kensington¬
gardens, a PURSE, containing two
Bank of England notes,
about £3 in gold; also a season ticket for the Great Exhibition.
Whoever will bring the
ame to 36, Leinster-square, shall receive FIVE
POUNDS REWARD. Payment of the notes are stopped. Notes are
endorsed by the owner.
LOST, a LADY's small BROWN
BAG,
STHE

Mountal
marked


ednesday.
pt. 3d, on route for Glagow. Whoever has

found the same and will forward it to
iss y
Ba n Chaworth

  in
nark, Linby,
ttingham, shall



RD.
ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD.—LOST, a
MOROCCO LEATHER MEMORANDUM BOOK, on the 11th.
Supposed to have been dropped or left in a cab in the city. Whoever
will bring it to Mr. Maurigy, 1, Regent-street, shall receive the above
reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in or near
Hyde-park, on the 12th of August last, a PAIR of GOLD SPEC¬
TACLES, in a green and gilt case. Whoever will bring the same to
Messrs. Dixey, opticians, 3, New Bond-street, shall receive the above
reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a GOLD
RING, on Wednesday evening, Sept. 10th, between Water-lane,
Lower Thames-street, and Gracechurch-street, city, b
e
street-hill. Engraved, an anchor on a shield, inside
"W. Lambe to
G. F. Dards, for his zeal in business. The above reward will be paid
on restoration to Mr. T. Smart, 46, Bishopsgate-street without.
—
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, in Regent-street
(by Meyer's, the photographer), a LADY's LEATHER BAG,
containing a purse with nearly £3, chain and locket of carbuncles; the
other side, hair worked into forget-menot; also various other articles.
Whoever brings it to 5, Henrietta-street, Cavendish-square, shall receive
the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Friday
afternoon, the 12th, in tle second field from Finchley-road Sta¬
ion to Hampstead, a SILVER WATCH and CHAIN, maker's nam
aBa.
Whoever brings the same to Mr.
capped with secon
Sabine, stationer, Groevenor-road, St. John's-wood, shall receive the
above reward.
IVE POUNDS REWARD.—
LOST, between Nort.
Woolwi



folle
BOOK, containingt

apers:—OM.
45,125-26-32. June 12, 62; C.N 86,679-80, June 13, 62. Any one restor¬
ena

b y applying to Mr. Harman
No. 1, Pavilion-te.
ce, North Woolwich; or to Messrs. Matthews and

ILL LOST.—FIVE POUNL
AREWARD.—To
Cab Drivers and others.—LOST, on Wed
tsa  eeve ei
g the
tth inst, between Newington-place.
nington-road, Surrey a
Prince's-street, Barbican, the ORIGINAL WILL of JOHN DREDGE,
deceased. Whoever has found the same and will bring it to our offices

oe s h all re¬


an-street, Goodman's¬
fields, Solicitors to the Executri¬
DOG LOST, near the Marble Arch, Hyde-park, on
Thursday, Sept. 11—a Sandy-coloured Rough Skye Terrier, name
Dandy Whoever restores him to the ow

road, St. John's-wood, shall receive TWO POUNDS REWARD. No
further reward will be offered.
BANK of ENGLAND HALF NOTES.—WANTED,
CORRESPONDING HALVES for Nos. 54,534, £10, Ports¬
mouth, 8th October, 1860, and No. 54,535, £10, Portsmouth, 8th
October, 1860. Apply to S. T. Whear, Camborne, Cornwall.
MRS. ANN COX, formerly Ann Whitchurch,
spinster, who left England in or about October, 1842, in the

or Halifax, North Ame¬
rica, with a Mr. Burdekin (under the assumed names of Mr. and Mrs.

Clarke), is reque
ICATE with Messrs. Hammond
and Nephew, newspaper agents, 27, Lombard-street, London, England.
If the said Anu Cox be dead, any person furnishing legal evidence of
her death and burial will be remunerated and reimbursed all proper
expenses.
TO PARISH CLERKS and others.—TEN POUNDS
will be paid to the first person who shall deliver to Mr. Pugh,
Vatford, Herts, a perfect CERTIFICATE of the MARRIAGE of
JAMES WHITTINGSTALL (born in 1674), formerly of West Mill,
Shillington, Beds, and £5 on the like terms, for a perfect certificate of
the marriage of John Whittingstall, a grandson of the above, bap¬
tized at Shillington, 27th January, 1700. James Whittingstall is
supposed to have been married between 1694 and 1699, and John Whit¬
tingstall between 1780 and 1736. The latter occupied the Fulling Mill
at Codicote, Herts, at or about the time of his supposed marriage.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
Encland to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt, of the sum of £25 Consolidated Three
Cent. Annuities, herefofore standing in the name of MICHAEL
BLAKE, Quartermaster in H.M. 12th Lancers, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividenis
thereon not having been received since the 5th July, 1852; Notice is
hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to
Michael Blake, Captain, late 17th Lancers, who has claimed the same
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his
claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £100 Consolidated 3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of JOHN HALL.
of Charles-street, Hampstead-road, gentleman, deceased: HANNAH
KING, of Upper Charles-street, Westminster w
ceaned;
RHODA EDWARDS, a minor, and WILLIAM EDWARDS, a
minor, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in conse¬
quence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed from the
5th July, 1844; notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Divi¬
dends thereon paid, to Rhoda Edwards and William Edwards (now
both of agel, the survivors, who have claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
C. S. DUNCAN's) RATAN ELECTRIC TELE¬
GRAPH CABLE.—The attention of engineers, electricians, and
public companics is directed to the advantages of the ratan as an ex¬
ternal protection and covering to every mode of insulating conducting
wires, whether of indiarubber, gutta percha, or other substances, for
submarine, subterranean, or house-top telegraphy. It comhines great
fiexiblity, strength, durableness, inclasticity, incompressibility, entire
absence of elongation or shrinking when submitted to strain, pliability
in colling, and facility in paying out, without the need of heavy and
expensive break machinery. The cane is the only substance in the
vegetable kingdom that is not affected by submersion in sea water, or
by the animalculs of the occan, the onter or sillicated rind forming a
perfect protection, and the interior fibre, partaking of the same cha¬
racter, is free from all saccharine, resinous, or clenginous matter,
which in other plants, such as hemp, colr, jute, &c., engenders decay
when acted upon by the brine and the earthy and metalliferons deposits
at the bottom of the occan. The canc alone is used throughout as an
outer covering, and the cable is in this respect imperishable. Speci¬
mens, and all other details respecting licences for working the patent,
can be obtained on application to Messrs. Lloyd and Chevallier,
No. 30, John-street, Bedford-row, London, W.C.
WOUNG's PARAFFINE OIL. —"Young and others
v. Fernie."—Caution.—It having come to the knowledge of the
proprietors of Young's Paraffine Oil Patents, that the defendant in
the above suit was manufacturing paratfine oil, at certain oilworks, at
Leeswood, and at the St. David's Works, at Saltney, both in the
county of Flint, and was thereby infringing the letters patent grauted
to Mr. James Young, an application was on the 9th instant made to
the Vice Chancellor Stuart for an injunction to restrain such infringe¬
ment; and his Honour directed immediate notice to be given to the
defendant of the application for such injunction against him; all
persons are hereby CAUTIONED against purchasing or selling any
paraffine oil, by whatever name it may be sold, or paraffine made in
INFRINGEMENT of Mr. JAMES YOUNG's PATENTS, and against
manufacturing any such oil or parafine; and notice is hereby given,
that proceedings will be forthwith taken against any person who may
be found after the date of this notice to be so offending.
J. HENRY JOHNSON, 47, Lincoln's-inn-fields, London, W. C.,
Solicitor for the Proprietors of Young's Paraffine, Oil Patents.
Septomber 12th. 1862.
NATIONAL RIFLE ASSOCIATION. —The under¬
signed, having been appointed by the Council their AGENTS for
the ADVERTISEMENTS intended for insertion in the Roport of the
Assoclation, they are prepared to receir e e e
toe e e o a f ford all
information on the subject.
STREET, BROTHERS.
Advertisement offices, 11, Serle-street, Lincoln's-inn, W.
MARRIAGE LAW REFORM ASSOCIATION,
instituted for the exclusive object of promoting the passing o
an act to render lawful marriage with
doeasede wines sister. Infor¬
mation respecting the law applicable to these marriages in this and
foreign countries may be obtained on application, personally or by
letter, at the offices of the Association, where may also be had nume¬
rous publications, showing the opinions of eminent statesmen, divines,
and others, in favour of the repeal of the existing prohibition.
JOSEPH STANSBURY, M.A., Honorary Secretary.
No. 21, Parliament-street, S.W., London, Sept. 8, 18.
ROYAL SCHOOL of MINES
Jermyn-street,

Lon
ctor—Sir RODERICK I. MURCHISON, D.C.L., &c.
The prospectus for the session,
6th of October
oe encingo
next, w.

plication
ssse
oeures o in
struction embrace chymistry, by Dr. Hofmann;
iories, by Pro.


t e P rof. Hurley; gcology, by Prof.
am say eineraiong y n d
ning, by
aer. Warington Smyth; me¬
tallurgy, by Dr. Percy p



tegistrar.
—TRE
PUPIL for the STAGE.—A lady or gentleman, de¬
ous of studying for the theatrical profession, can be fully IN¬
STRUCTED by Mr. COE, Stage Director, Theatre Royal, Haymarket.
Mr. Coc gives private instruction for the stage or concert room, and to
lecturers, public readers, &c.—7, Jermyn-Street, S.W.
NOTICE.—International Exhibition.—MASTER¬
PIECES of INDUSTRIAL ART and SCULPTURE, at the
International Exhibition, 1862, by J. B. WARING. Attendance will
be given this day to give particulars concerning and to receive sub¬
scribers' names for the above important work, the subscription list for
which will be closed at the end of the Exhibition. The stones will be
destroyed when the copies to supply the subscribers only are printed,
and not one copy in excess will ever be issued.—At Day and Son's,
lithographers to the Qaeen, Proces.
Court, International Exhibition,
Kensington.
rospectuses post free on application.
WO.E
GALLERY o
O  
Er.
1 .
APHS.—A
arge collection of all the newest publicatio
o OERES .
LITHOGRAPHS, together with an immense varicty of


ames, ON VIEW, at C. NOS
t. an


annd ari

looking-gas


mn
lecoration works; entrance to show rooms and galleries, 388 and 33,
Oxford-street, W.
PAUL JERRARD and SON's CHROMOTYPE
GALLERY.—All persons furnishing their rooms or fellos with
these beautiful works of art should visit the gallery where all the
chromoty poe e.
r published may be seen suitably framed and ur
framed. —170, Fleet-street. Catslogues two stamps. Shippers supplied.
DINING-ROOM FINE ART FURNISHING.—
Gentlemen furnishing their dining rooms will find on view several
thousands ENGRAVINGS by Landseer, Turner, &c., at one-eighth the
published price

Catalogues for two
stamps.—PAUL JERRARD and SON, 170, Fleet-st. Shippers supplied
CHEAP FRAMES, well made, for 2s. 6d., including
glass, size 21 by 17. All persons possessing engravings or drawings
pould have them framed, where they can see a large variety of designs
At PAUL JERRARD and SON's Fine Art Gallery, 170, Fleet-st. E.C.
CROWL EEEE
MILLINGTON, and Co. beg to inform
thei
riends and the trade generally that, as their doublet ware¬
house, No. 151, Uoper Thames-street, will shortly be pulled down, they
have taken other PREMISES in Swan,
Baie Upper Thames-street,
where all their London business will from this date be transacted. It

couested that all communications may be addressed
Browley,
Sw.
illington, and Co., ironmongers,
Slane, Upper
Thames-street,
NOEOEAEOSEON
Sf or SAL.
evon
Te
Inn
Advowson of a Rect.

iles of three good market
towns, and 10 miles of a rallway station. The gross income from the
tithe rent charge and about 80 acres of
be land, is £236
population
210. The incumbent's age 68 . ,
the e eo

tory, within three miles of a market town and 10 of a railway station.
The sross income, 2

and about 30 acres of glebe,
1s £272. inu le.
tes e e oen.
tion 214. The parishes are withe
in 10miles of each other. For further
rticulars apply to Mr. W. B.
Price, solicitor, Torringtos,
