CHEV. A. GABRIEL.—Je vous remercie, infini¬
ment. Je désire vous voir bientot.—Votres devoué, A. F.,
LZ. — Jal une belle nouvelle pour tol. Un second
paquet est arrivé; on a taché de faire croire que tu lavais
envoyé, mais on ne nous a pas trompé comme ga. Il les embarasse
sans cesse, que de garder ton secret comme tu le fais. Cela ne
reussirait pas s'ils te comprenaient aussi bien que moi. J'essayerai de
te voir bientot, car je veux to consulter sur le projet d'aller à—
leté prochain, et sur d'autres affaires plus importantes. Quelques
efforts qu'ils fassent, ils n'ebranleront point la fol que je met en tol.
Fais que je sache quand tu vas aller an bord de la mer. Que Dien to
benisse.—FAITH.
ST. GEORGE's HOSPITAL.—The Weekly Board
of Governors gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the SUM of £26 4s.

alms box for the relief of patients leaving

less or in nend
By order, W. J. TAYLOR, Secretary.
April 1, 1863.
DAVID REID, Seaman.—Mrs. Jean Thomson or
Reid, residing in St. Michael-Street, Dumfries, widow of the late
David Reid, soldier in the 74th Regiment of Foot, having died lately
and left property to the said David Reid, her son, whom failing, to the
seessscamcensmonuscme
has left lawful heirs, they are requested to APPLY to Sir William
Burm, Bart., solicitor, Dumfries, agent for Mrs. Reid's Trustees. The
said David Reid, who sometimes took the name of Thomson, sailed
for Australia about 13 years ago, and has not since been heard of. Any
information as to him, communicated to the said Sir William Burm,
will greatly oblige Mrs. Reid's trustees and representatives. —Dum¬

TWO POUNDS REWARD.—DOG LOST, on
Thursday night, 2d April, between 8 and 9, in Russell-square—
iron-gray Skye terrier, with white beard; chain collar—name on it
" George Cardale, Oriel College." Whosoever brings the same to
No. 65, Torrington-square, W.C., shall receive the above reward.
THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, by a
lady, on Wednesday morning, between Billiter-street and
Mincing-lane, city, a PURSE, containing £8 10s. in gold and some
small silver, also two receipts for taxes. Any person taking the same
to Messrs. Cooke and Lloyds, post-office, Fenchurch-Street, shall

NOTES LOST, supposed in transmission through
the post:—£5 on Bank of England, No. S with X under
58,048; £10, No. S with W under 17,870; Lewes Old Bank, £5, 8,370 ;
£5, 9,239; £5, 11,137. The holder of the counterparts will please apply
to Messrs. Sturt and Sharp, 91, Wood-street, London, E.C., who will
pay any expense, and a fair reward if required.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at the west
end, on 30th ult., a short GOLD CHAIN, scale pattern, attached
at the two ends to a large gold serpent ring, upon which were a gold
Bramah key, three other keys, and a gold signet ring, oval lapis lazuli
stone—crest, a lion on a cap of dignity; on the centre of the chain a
gold locket, with cross in black enamel. Information to be given to
Massrs. Skinner and Gray, 50, Jermyn-street, St. James's, S.W.
DOG LOST, in Hyde-park, between 4 and 5 o'clock,
2d.
N  o
slate-coloured old Skye terrier bitch: answers
name of "Winnie." Had address of owner on the collar. ONE
POUND REWARD will be given to anyone who will bring her to
No. 62, Wimpole-street, Cavendish-square.
FOUND, in Vere-street, on Friday last, a young
CARRIAGE-DOG. Has on a plain brass collar. The owner can
have it on payment of expenses and sending description to Marshall
and Snelgrove's, 6, Marylebone-lane.
BANK of ENGLAND NOTES FOUND, in Ealing,
March 31. The owner can have them by giving the particulars
and paying expenses, to Mr. James Acworth, at the post office, Ealing.
NOTICE.—If the STANHOPE TRAVELLER's
PHAETON LEFT, for repair, at 6, Douglas-mews, Queen's¬
road, Bayswater, on the 21st of February, 1862, is not claimed in seven
days from this date, April 4, 1863, it will be SOLD to pay for repairs

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £197 5s. 10d. New Three per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of CHARLES BOWD¬
LER, of Doctors'-commons, Esq., and FRANCES STRATON, of
Lostwithiel, Cornwall, widow deceased, and which was transferred
to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon
not having been received since the 5th July, 1841;—Notice is hereby
given that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said
Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Charles
Bowdler, the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
NEXT of KIN OFFICE: established 1825.—
ROBERT CHAMBERS (compiler of Chambers' Index to Chan¬
cery Heirs, Next of Kin, Legatees, &c.), 7, White Cottages, Grosvenor¬
street, Camberwell, London, S. Advertisements from 1700 to present
time. Fee to search for name 30 stamps. Wills searched for
NOTICE.—The HYDROPULT WAREHOUSE,
27, Leadenhall-Street, and west-end depot, 309, Regent-street,
will CLOSE on SATURDAYS, at 2 p.m.—CHARLES P. BUTTON,
Proprietor.
PARISH of ST. MARYLEBONE.—Half-yearly
Audit.—I the undersigned, Auditor of the abovementioned parish,
do hereby give notice, that I have APPOINTED the AUDIT of the
GENERAL ACCOUNTS relating to the Rate for the Relief of the
Poor of the above Parish for the half-year ended the 25th day of March,
1863, to commence on Wednesday, the 8th day of April ensuing, at 10
o'clock in the forenoon, at the Workhouse, Northumberland-street,
Marylebone-road, when and where all persons who by law are bound
to account at such audit are required to attend and to submit all books,
documents, bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the accounts;
of the relief of the poor, or relating to moneys assessible for and appli¬
cable thereto. And I do hereby give further notice, that I shall enter
upon the audit of that portion of the said accounts which is specially
applicable to the Parochial Schools at Southall on Saturday, the 11th
day of April, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the said Workhouse.—
March, 1863.
Dated this 31s d
JOSHUA GLIDDON, Auditor of St. Marylebone.
PATENT FILTER PRESSES.—Notice. — Whereas,
James Oxley, of Frome, Somerset, has exhibited, constructed.
and been offering for sale and use a machine, which is an INFRINGE
MENT of the PATENT FILTER PRESS of Messrs. NEEDHAM
and KITE, of the Phoenix Ironworks, Vauxhall, London. We hereby
give notice, that the said James Oxley has no right or licence from
Messrs. Needham and Kite to exhibit, sell, or use their said machine,
or to imitate the same, and that the said James Oxley has applied to
the said Messrs. Needham and Kite for a license, and has been re¬
fused; and further, that any person purchasing or using the said
machine of the said James Oxley, will be liable equally with the said
James Oxley for an infringement of the said patent, and for all the
consequences thereof, and will be proceeded against by Messrs. Need¬

FARNELL and BRIGS, Isleworth, Middlesex, Solicitors
for the said Messrs. Needham and Kite.
March 31, 1863.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—(No. 1,656.)—The BANK.—Whereas a cause of Bottomry
has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of England, on
behalf of Jan Lamburtus Van Dam, of Rotterdam, in the kingdom of
the Netherlands, the legal holder of three bottomry bonds on the
barque or vessel Bank, her cargo and freight, against the said vessel,
her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and the cargo now or lately laden
therein, together with the freight due for the transportation thereof;
and whereas the said vessel is now lying at Weymouth, under arrest,
by virtue of a warrant issued from the Registry of the said Court, and
no appearance for the owners, or others interested therein, has been
entered in the said cause ; This is to give notice to all persons who have
or claim to have any RIGHT, Title, or Interest in the said VESSEL,
that if an an appearance in the said cause be not entered in the Regis¬
try of the said Court within six days from the publication of this
notice, the Judge of the said Court will order the said vessel to be
sold, to answer the claims instituted, or to be instituted, against the
same, or make such order in the premises as to him shall seem right.
— Dated the 2d day of April. 1863.
H. A. BATHURST, Assistant Registrar.
Notice of sale of ship taken out by Clarkson, Son, and Cooper,
No. 25, Great Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons. R.G.M.B.
MARRIAGE LAW REFORM ASSOCIATION,
instituted for the exclusive object of Promoting the Passing of
an Act to render Lawful Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister.—
Information respecting the law applicable to these Marriages, in this
and foreign countries, may be obtained on application, personally or
by letter, at the offices of the Association; where may also be had
numerous publications, showing the opinions of eminent statesmen,
divines, and others, in favour of the repeal of the present prohibition.
There is now no known country in the world, except our own, where
a man may not contract a lawful marriage with his deceased wife's
sister.
JOSEPH STANSBURY, M.A., Hon. Sec.
No. 21, Parliament-street, S.W., London, March 28, 1863
PARIS PERMANENT UNIVERSAL EXHI¬
BITION.—Buffets and Refreshment Department.—£10,000 are
REQUIRED for the installation of the above department, the con¬
tract of which has been obtained at the nominal rent of £600 a-yeare
authorizing the present contractor to the sole and entire privilege of
supplying all refreshments required within the interior of the building
during the next six years. The Exhibition Palace, rapidly progressing
towards completion at Autenil, near Paris, will be open in September
next, and will equal the Crystal Palace at Sydenham, where the rent
paid to the Company for the refreshment department is over £20,000
yearly. Moreover, the Paris Exhibition will have the great advantage
of being open on Sundays. All particulars, conditions of contract,
and other information may be had by capitalists only giving real name
and address to A.B.C., care of Mr. Allen, Courrier de l'Europe,
No. 4, Brydges-street, Covent-garden.
PARIS PERMANENT UNIVERSAL EXHIBI¬
TION.—The construction of the building specially designed for
this Exhibition is already far advanced, and is rapidly progressing. In¬
tending exhibitors are reminded that SPACE will be ALLOTTED
according to priority of application. Forms of agreement and full in¬
formation may be obtained, and a recently printed list of those who
have engaged space may be inspected, at the offices of Messrs. J.
Studdy, Leigh, and Co., agents for Great Britain, Ireland, and the
colonies, 27, Leadenhall-Street, London, E.C.; and also at the offices
of Mr. Ferrar, sub-agent, 454, Strand, London, W. C.
LONDON PERMANENT EXPOSITION
(Limited), 73, Cannon-street west, E.C.—The Directors beg to
announce that these extensive premises are NOW OPEN for the re¬
ception of goods for exhibition and sale. Merchants, manufacturers,
engineers, patentees, and the trading community generally are invited
to avail themselves of the advantages offered by this international
institution. Charges to exhibitors on a moderate scale. Prospectuses
containing every information to be had on application.
E. TAYLOR, Secretary.
THE GRAND FANCY BAZAAR, in aid of the
funds of the INFIRMARY for CONSUMPTION Margaret¬
street, Cavendish-square, will be held, by permission of the Duke of
Wellington, in his Grace's Riding School, Knightsbridge, on the 9th
and 10th of June next, under the special patronage of the following
jadies:—
The Duchess of Argyle
The Countess of Shaftesbr

The Countess of Stradbroke.
The Duchess of Marlborough
The Viscountess Dillon.
The Duchess of Wellington
The Viscountess Jocelyn
The Lady Constance Grosvenor
The Lady Dufferin

The Lady Lyndhurst.
The Countess of Glengal
The Lady Skelmersdale
The Countess of Grey and Ripon The Lady Victoria Buxton

Mrs. Charles McGarel

Contributions of articles for sale will be thankfully received and
acknowledged by Miss Wilmot, 19, Grosvenor-street, Grosvenor-square.
BUGBY SCHOOL.—The ANNUAL MATCHES
between the old Rughelans will take place this year on the 16th
and 17th of April. All old Rugbeians who wish to have places reserved
for them are requested to write to the Rev. H. A. Pickard, Christ
Church, Oxford.
LONDON SCOTTISH RIFLE VOLUNTEERS,
8, Adelphi-terrace, W. C., April 2, 1863.—On Easter Monday the
REGIMENT will PARADE at Shaftesbury-crescent (near the Vic¬
toria Station) at five (5) a.m., and march off to the Victoria Station
at (5.15) a quarter-past 5.
Members must show their railway tickets as they pass into the station.
By order. S. FLOOD PAGE, Captain and Adjutant.
SWIMMING TAUGHT, by Professor BECK¬
WITH, 10 years Champion of England, in six or eight lessons, no
matter what age or how nervous of water, Completion, one guinea.
Lessons any hour of th day, at the Lambeth Tenid Swimming Bath,
Westminster-road. Professor Beckwith and his three children (daugh¬
ter age eight, two sons four and six) will give their celebrated Enter¬
tainment in Swimming, &c., on Wednesday, April 15, 1863; commence
at 8 p.m.
CLARKINGTON and Co.'s PHOTOGRAPHIC
STUDIO, 246 and 248, Regent-street. The artistic department
under the immediate superintendence of Alfred Crowquill.
L SILVESTER's STEREOSCOPIC CARTE de
VISITE PORTRAITS, four for 5s., or 10 for 10s., plain or vig¬
netted, AKEN, in any weather, at his studio, 118, New Bond-street,
six doors from Brook-street, W. Every other style of portraits. Speci¬
mens on view.
GUSH and FERGUSON's celebrated CARTES de
VISITE, 24 for one guinea. Tinted vignette portraits, four for
one guinea; miniature portraits, from one to 20 guineas; photographic
portraits, life size, painted in oil, from 15 guineas, Gallery, 179, Re¬
gent-street, W.
NO. 31, EDGWARE-ROAD, W., opposite London
and County Bank.—M. VAISSIER's (formerly Silvy's, operator
half-guinea PORTRAITS are acknowledged the largest yet produced
free from distortion. Carte de visite, stereoscopic, and every other
description of first class photography. A choice selection of albums.
THE REGAL PORTRAIT of Her Majesty the
QUEEN, photographed from life by the late Mr. Clifford, of
Madrid, SOLD retail by Messrs. A. MARION and Co., 152, Regent¬
street; also the Cartes de Visite Portraits of the Royal Family, in¬
cluding H.R.H. the Princess of Wales, by Mr. J. E. Mayall.—A.
Marion and Co., 152, Regent-street, W.
