M.R. E.—RETURN HOME at once or write.—
J. E.F. Hx.
GIBRALTAR.—Sir JAMES COCHRANE, if in
England, will confer a favour by COMMUNICATING his AD¬
DRESS to Mr. Hy. Dyte, 6, King's Bench-walk, the Temple, London.
J. H.—A LETTER will be at the post-office on
Tuesday, containing my address; till received, write to poste
restante, London. I must see you, as I cannot alter the determination
announced in my last letter. Two received.
ROBERT is earnestly requested to COMMUNI¬

b arranged. If you only knew the anxiety of your family you would
return.
THE TREASURER of the JEWS' ORPHAN
ASYLUM begs to ACKNOWLEDGE with thanks the RE¬
CEIPT of a CHEQUE for £5 from Messrs. Maddison and Co.,
No. 85, Hatton-garden, as also one of 10 guineas from Mr. Maurice
Joseph, 21, St. James's-street, Piccadilly.
LOST, on Thursday, a YOUNG SKYE TERRIER
DOG, brown, with black tips to his ears, from 12, St. George's¬
terrace, Bayswater-road. Any one bringing him to the above address
shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, on the 26th of September, by a lady, in Kensal¬
green Cemetery or between there and Stanley-crescent, Bays¬
water, a BUNCH of CHARMS, one being a gold horseshoe, all on a
brequet chain. Whoever will bring them to Mrs. Longden, 8, Stanley¬
crescent, Bayswater or to Mr. Edwands, 18, Grosvenor-street west,
Eaton-square, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LEFT, in a Hansom cab, in Vere-street, Oxford-¬
street, on the 3d inst., a PARCEL, containing one dozen silver
knives and forks, with pearl handles. A REWARD of FIVE
POUNDS will be given to any person bringing them to Mr. Burrowes,
No. 24, Bentinck-street, Manchester-square.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday,
2d October, between Thomas hotel, Charles-street, Regent-street,
and Albany-street, Regent's-park, a GOLD WATCH, by Benson, sup¬
posed to hve been dropped in a Waterloo omnibus. Whoever will
bring the watch to 165, Albany-street, shall receive the above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 29th
or 30th September, in the neighbourhood of Oxford-street, an
ENVELOPE, containing one of the four following £20 notes—
s
N 62719 to 62721. Whoevere.
tanns thee

portor, at 155, Fenchurch-street, shall receive the above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday,
tober 2 in the neighbourhood of Barnsbury-park, Islington, a
BLACK RETRIEVER DOG. Name on the chain collar, "E. Soames,
2, Stockwell-place, Stockwell." Whoever will bring the same to
No. 7, Barnsbury-park, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
morning, September 24, about 12 o'clock, in the neighbourhood of
Clapham-road, a large-size MASTIFF DOG: answers to the name of
"Nero." Fawn colour. Had on a leather collar. Any person bringing
the same to 10, New Dorset-place, Clapham-road, shall receive the
above reward.
THOMAS GUTHRIE WEIR, Mariner.—If
this should MEET the NOTICE of the above, or any person who
could give information of the same (he left Dundee about 1837), by
applying to Mr. Walker, writer, Dundee, or Edward Weir, Great
castern Railway Goods Station, London, they will HEAR SOME¬
THING to his ADVANTAGE.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £500 Consolidated three per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of MARIA
ANNA THRUPP, of Hamilton-terrace, St. John's-wood, spinster,
deceased, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in
consequence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed on
and from the 5th July. 1883;—Notice is hereby given that, on the ex¬
piration of three months from this date, the said Stock will be Trans¬
ferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to John Thrupp and Charles
Joseph Thrupp. the executors, who have claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £77 19s. 2d. Consolidated
Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
HENRY BOOTHBY, of Louth, county of Lincoln, gentleman, de¬
ceased, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in
consequence of the dividends thereon not having been received since
the investment thereof, in February, 1853;—Notice is hereby given,
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said
Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to Ellen
Boothby, widow, the sole executrix, who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
CONSIGNEE WANTED, per Bremen ship Carl,
Capt. Ottens arrived 7th June from New York, for A, 12 bales
MERCHANDISE; WW. 23 bales ditto. Shipped by William Wilkens
and Co., New York, to order. These goods, having been lodged in the
Victoria Docks over the three months allowed by law, will be sold by
public auction, to pay freight and other expenses, unless claimed
within eight days from this date. Apply to G. L. Bernhard, 37, Min¬
cing-lane.—October 2, 1863.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works, at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C.; and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
MPORTANT NOTICE to the WINE and SPIRIT
TRADE.—The Borough-market Distillery being required imme¬
diately for the Charing-cross Railway extension to Cannon-street,
Messrs. JOSEPH and JOHN VICKERS, and Co. respectfully in¬
form their friends that they have taken TEMPORARY OFFICES
(through the kindness of Mr. Spencer) at the Bridge-house Hotel,
London-bridge, where attendance will be given daily, and where all
communications are to be addressed on and after Monday, Sept. 28th.
CAUTION.—Spurious Sewing Machines.—W. F.
THOMAS and Co. hereby CAUTION the public against making,
selling, or using SEWING MACHINES constructed according to their
patterns, and in direct infringement of their Letters Patent; and they
give notice that they will institute legal proceedings against all persons
so infringing, and further, that no liceuse by any other patentee can
authorise the use of machines which infringe their patent rights.—
No. 66, Newgate-street, and Regent-circus, Oxford-street.
IMPROMPTU SPEAKING.—THIRD HALF¬
YEARLY COMPETITION, open to all mechanics' and literary
institutes (three prizes), at the Barnsbury Literary Institute, Myddelton-¬
hall, Upper-street, Islington, on Friday, October 23, at 8 o'clock.
Reserved seats, 1s. ; area, 6d. For further particulars send stamped
envelope to the Secretary of the Barnsbury Literary Institute.
PARISH of ST. MARYLEBONE. —Half-yearly
Audit.—I, the undersigned Auditor of the above-mentioned
parish, do hereby give notice, that I have APPOINTED the AUDIT
of the GENERAL ACCOUNTS relating to the rate for the relief of
the poor of the above parish for the half-year ended the 29th day of
September, 1863, to commence on Tuesday, the 13th day of October,
ensuing, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Workhouse, Northumber¬
land-street, Marylebone-road, when and where all persons who by law
are bound to account at such audit are required to attend, and to sub¬
mit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers, containing or relating to
the accounts of the relief of the poor, or relating to moneys assessable
for, and applicable thereto. And I do hereby give further notice, that
I shall enter upon the audit of that portion of the said accounts which
is specially applicable to the parochial schools at Southall on Saturday,
the 17th day of October at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the sail

Se.

JOSHUA GLIDDON, Auditor of St. Marylebone.
MEMORY.—Polytechnic.-STOKES on MEMORY.
—LECTURE, To-morrow, at 12.30 and 7.15; Memory Classes, at 3
and 8.30, for extemporaneous speaking, reporting lectures, sermons,
&c., without notes; history, chronology, languages, &c. Explanatory
Sketch of System, post free for one stamp.—309, Regent-street, W.
PHRENOLOGY.—A truly skilful and candid
analysis of the mental organization of the young may be of th
deepest importance in their education and destination. Dr. DONOVAN
brings to the practice of this science many years' experience.—111,

PROFESSOR BECKWITH, the celebrated swim¬
mer and teacher, takes his ANNUAL BENEFIT, at the Lam¬
beth Baths, THIS EVENING, October 5 when the professor,
his daughter, and two sons, age five, seven, and nine, will go through
their pleasing acts of natation. Various handsome prizes will be swam
for, open to amateurs and professionals, in classes. The sports com¬
mence at 8 p.m. Admission. 1s., 2s., numbered seats 3c.
OPERA, Race, and Tourists' GLASSES in alu¬
minium, one-third the weight of brass, of high power and perfect
definition. Tourists' and deer-stalking telescopes of the same mate¬
rial, and of the very best make.—SMITH, BECK, and BECK, No. 31,
Cornhill, E.C. (late 6, Coleman-Street).
OPERA and FIELD GLASSES.—NEGRETTI
and ZAMBRA warrant their glasses as unrivalled for brillancy,
power, and definition up to 10 miles range, 21s. and 42s. complete, in
case.—1, Hatton-garden; 59, Cornhill; 122, Regent-street; and
Crystal Palace, Sydenham. Illustrated list per post.
OPERA, Race, and Field GLASSES, in every
variety of form and mounting, matchless for great magnifying
ower and sharpness of definition. Prices from 30s. each, at CALLA¬
GHAN's, 23A, New Bond-street, W., corner of Conduit-street. N.B.
Sole agent for the celebrated race and field glasses made by Voigtlan¬
der, Vienna. Field glasses made expressly for India, warranted to
withstand the greatest tropical heat. The new aluminium mounted
glasses (as made for H.R.H. the Prince of Wales), though of the
largest size, weigh but a few ounces.
NEW OPERA and FIELD GLASS, also the 9s. 6d.
10-mile reconnoitrer, or 25-mile landscape glass. "I think the
reconnoitrer very good."—Marquis of Carmarthen. "I never before
met an article that so completely answered the recommendation of its
maker."—F. H. Fawkes, Esq., Farnley, Otley. "I have found it
effective on the 1,000 yards range."—Captain Sendy, 41st Middlesex,
Royal Small Arms Factory, Enfield. "The cconomy of price is not
procured at the cost of efficiency."—Field. Post free, 10s. 10d. The
Hythe glass showing bullet marks at 1,200 yards, 31s. 6d. Only to be
had from SALOM and Co., 98, Prince's-street, Edinburgh, who have no
agents anywhere.
POCKET BAROMETER, Compass, and Thermo¬
meter, all in one, the size of a watch, for telling the weather, the
heights of mountains, direction of winds, and temperature of the air.
Guaranteed for 12 months. Price £4 15s., sent free.—S. and B. SOLO¬
MONS, opticians to the Government, 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
DMIRAL FITZROY's
TORM BA
OMETERS
NEGRE .

d AMBRA have supplied the whole of these
splendid instruments to the Board of Trade, the Royal Nation
Life¬
boat Institution, and Meteorological Society Particulars by post.
—No. 1. Hatton-gard

tnd 122, Regent-street. Admiral
Fitzroy's Manual for Forete .
ton the eather, by post 6d.
LEYZO  
ENDON's two
ad
inea BINOCU¬
LAR FIELD, Rifle, or Opera GLASS. The extraordinary
power of this instrument renders it adapted to define objects distinctly
at 10 miles distance, is suitable for the theatre, race-course, target
practice sportsmen, tourists, and general out-door observations.—
No. 50, High Holborn, London, and country agents. Illustrated price
ist of optical and mathematical instruments for two stamps.
THE GLORIES of the HEAVENS seen distinetly
by a NEW TELESCOPE, for £5, which will also distinguish
the features of a man four miles, and time by a church clock 10 miles.
This instrument is equal in the most important respects to telescopes
costing £70. Persons are invited to apply for a diagram, with other
particulars and numerous testimonials. Sent free.—S. and B. SOLO¬
MONS, opticians to the Government, 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
Powerful pocket opera, field, and general out-door glasses.
THE planets and double stars seen distinetly by a
NEW TELESCOPE, for £5, which will also distinguish the face
of a sheep and the features of a man four miles, the sign of a public¬
house five miles, shot marks upon a target two miles, and time by a
church clock ten miles. This instrument is guaranteed, in writing, to
perform the whole of the above and to be equal in the most important
respects to telescopes costing £70. It has a three inch superior achro¬
matic object glass, two eye-pieces, &c., with portable metal tripod,
and pillar stand with jointed claw feet. N.B. Persons are invited to
apply for a diagram, with fuller particulars and numerous testimonials.
Sent free.—S. and B. SOLOMONS, onticians to the Government,
No. 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly. Powerful small pocket tele¬
scopes, opera, field, and general out-door day and night glasses.
PERA and LANDSCAPE GLASS, of surpassing
power and light, at half London prices. Particulars and first-¬
class testimonials free.—SALOM and Co., opticians, 98, Princes-street,
Edinburgh, direct attention to their, the only safe and perfect system
of adapting Spectacles and Eye-Glasses to the focus of each eye, which
has received the encomiums of the most eminent scientifio men, in¬
cluding Sir David Brewster, Sir Philip Crampton, &c. Parties out of
Edinburgh corresponded with gratis. No branch out of Edinburgh.
TEN-GUINEA DISSOLVING SET includes a
pair of very best compound achromatic 10ft, dise lanterns, dis¬
solver, case, lock, key, best argand lamp, large panoramas, chroma¬
tropes, paintings, photographs, comic and lever slips, moving waters,
&c. Free to London or any station in Great Britain for £10 10s., only
from SALOM and Co., 98, Princes-street, Edinburgh. No branches.
FIVE-GUINEA MAGIC SET includes a very best
compound achromatic 10ft, dise lantern, paintings, photographs,
comic and lever slips, &c. Free to London or any station in Great
Britain for £5 5s., only from SALOM and Co., 98, Princes-street, Edin¬

GALOM's EDINBURGH HYTHE GLASS,
although of such high power as to show bullet marks at 1,200
yards, costs only 31s. 6d. It is in Scotland the favourite glass among
sportmen, stalkers, and crack target shots. Only to be had direct
from Salom and Co., 98, Princes-street. Edinburgh. No ageats.
