RECEIVED, ONE HUNDRED POUNDS, in
notes, this morning, March 19, 1863.—JOHN TURNER.
WOODBRIDGE.—JOHN JARRED DEBNEY
is requested to return, that he may RECEIVE a SUM of
MONEY willed to him by the late Mrs. Wilkinson.—March 19, 1863.
LOST, on 9th or 10th of March last, a large BLACK
RETRIEVER BITCH, white spot on breast, with leather strap.
Whoever returns her shall be REWARDED. Apply at 10, Castle¬
street east, Oxford-stret, .
LOST, in the neighbourhood of Hyde-park, a
BLACK and TAN TERRIER BITCH. Answers to the name
of Tiny. Returner thereof to 5, Sussex-square, Paddington, shall be
hanhsomely REWARDED.
LOST, on March 17, at Kensington-garden-gate, a
BLACK and TAN TERRIER: answers to the name of "Tiny."
Whoever will bring the same to Southwick Hotel, 4, Southwick-street,
shall receive ONE POUND REWARD. No further reward will be
offered.
LOST, on Wednesday last, about 1 o'clock p.m., a
small ENAMEL HAIR BROOCH, with gold back and inscrip¬
tion. Dropped between University College, Gordon-square, and the
Euston Hotel. Whoever will bring the same to A. B., Euston Hotel,
shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, on the 7th of March, at St. James's-hall, TWO
MANUSCRIPT COPIES of "What shall I sing?" by Benedict;
two copies of "Five o'clock in the morning," by Claribel; and a duet,
"The Invitation." Whoever brings the above named to Messrs.
Cramer and Co., 201, Regent-street, shall be suitably REWARDED.
ZEYS LOST (FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD), on
Monday night, the 16th inst., between Drury-lane Theatre and
Piccadilly. Apply to Mr. Warner, 122, Piccadilly.
ROYAL PROCESSION.—Travellers' Club.—The
LADY who TOOK, by mistake, a GREEN INDIAN SHAWL,
from this Club, on 7th March, is requested to RETURN IT to the
hall porter.
GOLD WATCH and CHAIN LEFT, at the Royal
Oak, Pitfield-street, Hoxton, on March 2, 1863. The owner may
obtain the articles on giving an accurate description of them and de¬
fraying the expenses incurred.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 18th
March, a GOLD RING, at the corner of Threadneedle-street,
city. Whoever has found the same and will bring it to Mr. Horncastle,
No. 2, High-Street, Stoke Newington, shall receive the above reward.
OPERA-GLASS LEFT, in a Hansom cab, on the
7th inst., between Hyde-park-corner and Motcomb-street, Bel¬
grave-square—a black ivory double opera-glass, in a morocco case ; also
a dark blue rough overcoat. Whoever will bring the same to S. C.,
No. 17 a, Motcomb-street, Belgrave-square, shall be REWARDED.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wed¬
nesday, Jan .
28, near the Railway Station, Surhiton, a
BLACK and TAN SKYE TERRIER DOG, answers to the name of
Vick. Whoever has found the same and will bring it to G. J. Warren,
No. 10, Victoria-terrace, Surbiton, shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday
evening, supposed to have been dropped in a cab which took a
fare from Glocester-place to Upper Hyde-park-gardens, PART of a
SET of FALSE TEETH (five in number). The above reward will be
paid if taken to E. Elfick, stationer, the post office, 22, Leinster¬
terrace, W.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in transmis
sion by post, from Newcastle on-Tyne, to Rudkjobing, Denmark,
on the 14th January last, a BANK POST BILL, No. D. 1830, £100,
dated 6th January, 1863, last endorsement payable to Johannes Peter¬
sen or order. Apply to Messrs. F. and A. Delcomyn, 34, Seething¬
lane, London.
SEVEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—To Cabmen.—
On Friday evening, March 6, LEFT in a CAB which was fetched
from the George, Hampstead, and took two ladies and a servant to the
corner of Belsize-lane, Swiss Cottage-turnpike, a TWINE BAG lined
with red silk, and containing lady's work materials of no value but to
the owner. Apply at Harrison's library, 24, Queen's-terrace, St. John's¬
wood. N.W
BILL of EXCHANGE.—MISSING, a BILL of
EXCHANGE, dated London, 18th February, 1863, drawn by P.
D. Collins and Co. upon, and accepted by, John Latch, of Cardiff, for
the sum of £393, and payable 30 days after date at Messrs. Glyn,
Mills, and Co.'s. Payment of the bill has been stopped. All persons
are warned not to negotiate the same; and it is requested that any in¬
formation respecting it may be communicated forthwith to Messrs.
Phillips and Son. 11, Abchurch-lane, city, solicitors, by whom the
finder will be REWARDED.
FOUND, last week, in London, a BRACELET of
stones, set in gold. Apply by letter to J. C., post office, Wands¬
worth.—17th March, 1863.
FOUND, on Sunday last, a PURSE. The owner
may have it by describing contents and paying for this advertise¬

LONDON and NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY.
—Notice is hereby given, that all ARTICLES FOUND in the
Company's carriages, or which may have been left at any o fthe stations
on the line, between the 1st January and the 31st December, 1861, and
also all parcels and articles received for conveyance by passenger train
between the above-mentioned dates, the consignees of which have
either not been found or have refused them, will be SOLD by public

By order, CHAS. E. STEWART, Secretary.
Euston Station, March 18, 1863.
INFAMOUS TRAFFIC.—Whereas several evil¬
disposed persons, principally foreigners, are constantly conspiring
with others out of this country to allure young and innocent English
girls to proceed to the continent, under promises of lucrative employ¬
ment (especially in the capacity of governesses), have succeeded in
many instances by these false representations in inveigling honest, in¬
dustrious young persons to quit their home and proceed abroad, where
they invariably find themselves entrapped into houses of ill fame,
without means of escape. This infamous traffic has of late so alarm¬
ingly increased, and baffied all endeavours to check it, that recourse is
had to this public notice, in the hope that it will prevent English girls
from too readily listening to any such proposals proceeding from
questionable parties, and in all such cases they are requested to notify
the same without delay to Mr. POLLAKY, who is instructed by Mr.
J. B. Talbot, the Secretary of the London Society for the Protection of
Young Females, 28, New Broad-street, to investigate, free of all charge,
the character of parties in England and abroad holding out such in¬
ducements. Address Mr. Pollaky, home and foreign inquiry office,

IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 1,640.—The PHOENIX.—Whereas a cause of neces¬
saries has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of England
on behalf of Elijah James Crocker, of Liverpool, in the county of Lan¬
caster, ship stores dealer, against the foreign ship or vessel Phonix,
her tackle, apparel, and furniture, now lying in the port of Liverpool,
under arrest, as the ship Phoenix, by virtue of a warrant issued from
the Registry of the said Court, and no appearance has been entered in
the said cause, this is to give notice to all persons who have or claim to
have any RIGHT, Title, or Interest in the said VESSEL, that if an
appearance in the said cause be not entered in the Registry of the said
Court within six days from the publication of this notice, the Judge of
the said Court will order the said vessel to be sold, to answer the claims
instituted or to be instituted against the same, or make such order in
the premises as to him shall seem right. —Dated this 18th day of March,
1863.
H. C. ROTHERY, Registrar.
Notice of Sale of Ship taken out by Mr. W. Rothery, 6, Godliman¬
street, Doctors'-commons.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of
ENGLAND.—No. 1,627.—The CALYPSO.—Whereas a cause has
been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of England on behalf
of Ebenezer Little, of No. 3, Rood-lane, in the city of London, master
mariner, late master of the barque or vessel Calypso, against the said
vessel, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, now lying in the London
Docks under arrest, by virtue of a warrant issued from the Registry of
the said Court, and no appearance has been entered in the said cause.
—This is to give notice to all persons who have, or claim to have, any
RIGHT, Title, or Interest in the said VESSEL, that, if an appearance
in the said cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court,
within six days from the publication of this notice, the Judge of the
said Court will order the said vessel to be SOLD, to answer the claims
instituted or to be instituted against the same, or make such order in
the premises as to him shall seem right. —Dated the 18th day of March,

H. C. ROTHERY, Registrar.
Notice of sale of ship taken out by Clarkson, Son, and Cooper,
No. 25, Great Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons.
WHEREAS GEORGE GARRARD ABRAHAM
BOULTON (otherwise George Boulton), late of 11, Vittoria-place,
Stoke Newington-road, Middlesex, gentleman (who died in the year 1827),
by his last will and testament, dated the 18th day of July, 1827, gave
and bequeathed to Henry Booker, Elizabeth Cousins (formerly Booker),
and Caroline Booker £150 each; to his wife's sister, Ann Bacon, widow,
£100 ; and to her son, Thomas Bacon, £100 ; and to her three other
children, Aun Bacon, George Bacon, and James Bacon, £50 each; to
Mary Porter, wife of John Golden Porter, for her separate use,
£100 ; to Joseph Boulton Porter, £200; George Richard Manwaring,
the plaintiff, £500; and Richard Manwaring, £300 ; legacies in the
said will mentioned payable on the death of his widow, who died in
1862; and whereas, by an Order of the High Court of Chan¬
cery, in a cause "George Richard Manwaring against James Bacon."
an inquiry is directed to ascertain whether any, and if any, which of
the LEGATEES named in the said testator's will whose respective
legacies have not been paid are dead, and, if any of them be dead, then
when they respectively died, and who was or were their respective per¬
sonal representative; and also whether any, and if any, which of the
said unpaid legatees had assigned, or mertgaged, or incumbered their
respective legacies, and if so, to whom, and in what manner; and
whe ther any, and if any, which of the said unpaid legatees had become
bankrupts, and if so who were the assignees of their respective estates.—
All persons, therefore, claiming to be such legatees, the representatives
of such as are dead, and also all persons claiming to be assignees,
mortgagees of or incumbrancers on the said legacies, or assignees
of such of the said legatees as have been bankrupts, are, by their solici¬
tors, on or before the 20th day March, 1863, to come in and prove their
claims to the said legacies, or any part thereof, at the chambers of the
Vice-Chancellor Wood, 11, New-square, Lincoln's-ian. Middlesex; or, in
default, they will be peromptorily excinded from the benefit of
the said order. Thursday, the 26th day of March, 1863, at 12 o'clock
at noon, at the said chambers, is appointed for hearing and adjudica¬
tion upon the said claims. —Dated this 2d day of March, 1863.
HY. LEMAN, Chief Clerk.
NEAL and BREDEN, Plaintiff's Solicitors, 4 and 5, Pinner's¬
hall, Old Broad-street.
AT a GENERAL COURT held at the BANK of
ENGLAND, on Thursday the 19th March, 1863,

toesolved, That the thanks of this Court be given to the Governor,
Deputy-Governor, and Court of Directors of the Bank of England
for their able management of the affairs of this Corporation during the

It was further resolved. That the special thanks of this Court be
given to Alfred Latham, Esq., the retiring Governor, for the mode in
which he has performed the arduous duties of his office, at the cost of

Ordered, That the said resolution be advertised in all the daily,
morning, and evening papers. JAMES STEWART, Sec
TO SCULPTORS.—The Council of the Art Union
of London propose to AWARD the SUM of £600 for a GROUP,
or Single Figure, in Marble, to be competed for by finished models in
plaster the size of the intended work, which must be not less than life,
assuming as the minimum 5tt. Sin, for the male figure, and 5ft, for the
female.
The models are to be sent in by the 1st of March. 1864, and the work is
to be completed, in the best statuary marble, by the 1st of March, 1865.
£200 will be paid on the award of the premium, and the remainder on
the completion of the marble.
The Council reserve to themselves the right of withholding the pre¬
mium if a work of adequate merit be not submitted. The competition
is open to artists of all countries. Any work which has been publicly
exhibited will be ineligible to compete.
Subscription list closes March 31st.
GEORGE GODWIN,  Hon.
LEWIS POCOCK, Secretaries.

IFEBOAT SERVICES.—The Committee of the
Royal National Lifeboat Institution earnestly APPEAL to the
public for ASSISTANCE to enable them to meet the continued heavy
demands on the Institution's 123 lifeboat establishments. During the
past year 358 shipwrecked sailors have been saved by the Society's life¬
boats. Contributions are received by all the London and country
bankers, and by the Secretary, Mr. Richard Lewis, at the Institu¬
tion, 14. John-Street, Adeiphi.
ST. GEORGE's RIFLES.—The THIRD ANNUAL
REGIMENTAL BALL will take place (by permission of Lieut.¬
Col. the Hon C. H. Lindsay, Commanding), at St. James's-hall, on
Tuesday, the 24th March, under most distinguished patronage. The
orchestra, consisting of 25 performers, will be selected from the first
quadrille bands in the kingdom, conducted by Mr. Haydn Millars,
Bandmaster of the Regiment. Ladies' tickets, 10s. 6d.; gentlemen's
tickets, 15s. (including supper, wine, and refreshments during the
evening)—may be obtained of the stewards, at the office, 39, Maddox¬

HENRY MATTHEWS, 30, Gower-street, W.C.
EDWARD BAXTER, 16, Cockspur-street, S.W.
EVAN ORTNER, 3, St. James's-street, S.W.
LIGHT HORSE VOLUNTEERS.—Arrangements
have been made for the FORMATION of a CAVALRY CORPS
in SURREY, under the honorary command of His Grace the Duke
of Manchester, and in connexion with his well-known Huntingdonshire
Light Horse, adopting the same scariet uniform, &c. It is proposed
to make Wimbledon the centre for general musters of the corps, but
convenient local drill grounds will be selected for the convenience of
members at a distance. The cost of the outfit is about £15, and the
annual subscription will be £2 10s. Gentlemen willing to join or to
assist in furthering this object will please address Captain Baynes,

THE HOME and FOREIGN INQUIRY OFFICE.
—Confidential inquiries, legal and delicate investigations privately
instituted with the utmost speed and seerecy, in England and in all
parts of the centinent, by IG. POLLAKY, 14, George-street, Mansion-¬
house, E.C.
