DEAR W.—There is no need to keep your address
secret; all is right. Think of our anxicty and distress.—M. G.
DEAR TOM.—Every one is in deep distress at your
absence. If you do not like to go home, come to me, at Abe¬
place
4t
CLAUDINE," who left Dublin on the 30th ult.,
will find a LETTER from — at Mr. Pollaky's Private In¬
quiry-office, 13, Paddington-green, London, W.
E.—Alone in this terrible London without money,
what shall I do? Oh, for the sage of the happy past, send or
tome to me.—E., poste restante, Camden-road, N.W.
RITTERNESS.—First did not appear. Mistake,
agent cannot write. Not safe from many causes, some new.
Tell her feelings merely. Give no reasons, there are none. Write con¬
stantly what she does exactly. De not fret yourself. Take alt.
W. to A. S.W.—Write to me, dearest. Say how you
are—if I can do anything for you. Think of my anxiety and
distress. F. has left home. I am very ill.
B.A. J.—Anonymons' requests can be attended
to if accompanied by an order on the Temple Post-office.
—Private Inquiry-office, Devereux-court, Strand. Established 1852.—
C. Nicholls.
THE STEWARD of the BOULOGNE BOAT, who,
in 1853 or 1854, en.
a a young gentleman,

is requested to SEND his ADDRESS to X. Y. C., post office, Ryde,
Zsle of Wight.
CANCER HOSPITAL, London and Brompton.—
The Weekly Board beg very gratefully to ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEPT of a £5 note, No. X-W 63,990, found in the donation¬
box, 167, Piccadilly, on the 4th inst.
oard-room, Dec. 4. 1868.
LOST, or Left in Cab, on Tuesday afternoon or
night, by two ladies, between Sioane-street and Ch
or Chester-square, and Wilton-crescent, a RED LEATHER PURSE,
with the initials "C. A." in gold on it, containing £3 or £4 in gold.
Whoever will take the same to Rastall and Son's, Eccleston-street, S. W.,
shall be REWARDED.
FOUND, in Victoria-street, Westminster, in the
beginning of Novembe
 BLACK CURLED RETRIEVER
DOG, white chest. If not owned within seven days will be SOLD to
expenses. Apply to R. G., 2, Little George-street, James-street, West¬

NEXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c.—A
REGISTER, containing the names of all persons who have
been advertised for to claim property since 1749, 1s. 6d.: post free 19
stamps.—DOUGAL and Co., 17, Alfred-street, Bow. London, E.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £100, Consolidated Three per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of ROBERT
STEPHENS, of Rotherfield-street, Lower-road, Islington, gentleman,
and MARGARETTA ISABEL SHIRT, a minor, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners int consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1853;—Notice
is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to
Margaretta Isabel Shirt (now of age), the survivor, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £863 19s. 6d. Reduced £3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of HARRIOT
PURNELL GEORGE, of Cotham-hill, Bristol, widow, and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 10th October, 1858;—
Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this
date the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon
Paid, to Lt.-Col. George Thorne George, sole executor of Harriot
Purnell George, widowe e e e
who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
EAST and WEST INDIA DOCK COMPANY.—
The Court of Directors hereby give notice, that in pursuance of
the 74th section of the Act 25 and 26 Vict., c. 63, they will proceed to
SELL for freight so much of the undermentioned GOODS as may be
necessary, in compliance with the formal application from the
agents of the vessels from which they have been landed ex Uno, from
Jamaica, June, 1868, mark C. J., four barrels ginger; ex Eden, from
Jamaica, April, 1868, mark S. S., five bags
GEORGE COLLIN, Secretary.
East and West India Dock-house, 6, Billiter-square,
December 2, 1868.
METROPOLITAN CLUB, 20, Piccadilly, W.
Fitth year will soon commence. Annual subscription three
guineas. No entrance fees. No liability. The Secretary will furnish
particulars on being applied to.
VICTORIA CLUB, Westminster Palace Hotel.—
Under the above title, a new CHESS, Whist, and Social CLUB
will be OPENED on the 1st of January, the members of which, for the
small subscription of two guineas a year, will enjoy all the advantages
of a spacious club-house, without any of its responsibility.
No entrance-fee for the first 100 members.
Further particulars may be obtained on application to L. Jefferis,
Esq., Westminster Palace Hotel, Victoria-street, S.W.
REQUIRED, for the Army and Navy Club, a per¬
son oualified to act as a GENERAL COMPTROLLER of the
HOUSE, Kitchen, &c. For particulars a
letter to the Sec¬
. WALCOT, Secretary.
Pall-mall, Dec. 3, 1868.
FCIVIL SERVICE CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY
(Limited), 28, Haymarket, London, S.W.—Notice to Members.—
The new PRICE LIST may be obtained on application at the store.
By order, FRED. PIKE, Secretary.
December 1st, 1868.
THE LEGAL, CLERICAL, and MEDICAL CO¬
OPERATIVE SOCIETY (Limited).—Members are informed that
the NEW DEPARTMENT, comprising a complete assortment of
brushes, mats, household and stable requisites, &c., is now OPEN.—
Stores, 374. Euston-road.
SMITHFIELD CLUB CATTLE SHOW.—In pur¬
suance of a requisition from Her Majesty's Most Honourable
Privy Council, the Metropolitan Board of Works, as the Local Autho¬
rity for the Metropolis, hereby notify that the Lords of Her Majesty's
Most Honourable Privy Council have made the following ORDER, that
is to say:—
At the Council Chamber, Whitehall, the 24th day of November,
186
By the Lords of Her Majesty's Most Honor rable Privy Council.
LE .
Prese.
Secretary Hardy, Mr. Han.
bond.
Whereas the Lords of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council
have, by a licence, bearing even date herewith, sanctioned the holding
of an Exhibition and Sale of Cattle at the Agricultural-hall, in the
parish of Islington, in the county of Middlesex, on the 7th, 8th, 9th,
10th, and 11th days of December, 1868;
Now therefore, the Lords of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy
Council, by virtue and in exercise of the powers in them vested under
The Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, and of every other power
enabling them in this behalf, do order, and it is hereby ordered, as
fo llows:—
1. Notwithstanding anything in the Metropolitan Cattle Plague
Order of August, 1867, or in any other Order of the Privy Council,
cattle which have been exhibited at the Exhibition may be moved alive
out of the metropolis, with the license of the Commissioner of Police
of the Metropolis, which license such Commissioner is hereby em¬
powered to grant, and, if he thinks fit, to revoke.
2. Such license shall only be granted upon the production of a certi¬
ficate of health, signed by one of the veterinary surgeons of the Exhi¬
bition, certirying that such cattle de not exhibit any indication of in¬
fectious or contagious disease; and also of a certificate of bealth, and
signed by the person appointed as passmaster for the Exhibition, certi¬
fying that the cattle desired to be so moved have been exhibited at the
Exhibition: such license and certificates to be in the following
forms
16 5
S88.
ES.M.
enon
 .
S.S.S.
8  
S. .
Certificate of Health.
Smithfield Club Cattle Show, 1868.
being appointed one of the Veterinary Surgeons for the
abovenamed Show, having examined — exhibited in Class—
and belonging to — which he desires to remove out of the Me¬
tropolis, do hereby certify that such— does not exhibit any indica¬
tion of infectious or contagious disease. — Dated this — day of—
(Signed


Veterinary Surgeon appointed for the abovenamed Show.
Certificate to be given by the Pass-Master fof the Smithfield Club
Cattle Show, 1868.
I. — the Pass Master of the abovenamed Show, do hereby
certify that the — referred to in the above written Certificate of
Health has been exhibited in the abovenamed Show.—Dated this—
day of— 186 
(Signed)

Pass-Master for the abovenamed Show,
Note.—This certificate of the Pass-Master must not be detached
from the foregoing certificate of health.
3. The cattle shall be conveyed, without stopping, from the Exhi¬
bition out of the metropolis in properly constructed cattle vans, or, if
they are moved out of the metropolis by railway, then they shall be
conveyed in such cattle vans, without stopping, to the railway station,
and there be transferred from such vans directly to the railway truck.
4. If any such cattle, while in the metropolis, come, accidentally or
otherwise, in contact with any cattle other than cattle which have been
exhibited at the Exhibition, they shall not be moved out of the metro¬
polis, but shall be slaughtered within its limits.
5. All cattle which are exhibited at the Exhibition, and are not
moved out of the metropolis under this order, shall be slaughtered on
or before the 23 day of December, 1868.
(Signed)	ARTHUR HELPS.
y order,
JOHN POLLARD, Clerk of the Local Authority for
the Metropolis.
Office of the Metropolitan Board of Works, Spring-gardens,
ember 5, 186.
IMITHFIELD CLUB CATTLE SHOW.—The
SEVENTIETH ANNUAL SHOW of fat stock, sheep, pigs,
roots, seeds, and agricultural implements will be held at the Agricul¬
tural-hall, London, THIS DAY (Monday), 2 p.m. Admission 5s.,
other days 1s.
By order, S. SIDNEY, Secretary.
SMITHFIELD CLUB CATTLE SHOW, Agri¬
cultural-hall, London.—THIS DAY, 2 o'clock. Admission 5s.
MITHFIELD CLUB CATTLE SHOW, Agri¬
cultural-hall, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday.
Admission 1s.
SMITHFIELD CLUB CATTLE SHOW.—
Doors open at 9 in the morning, and close at 9 in the evening. 1s.
IMITHFIELD CLUB SHOW.—J. B. BROWN
and Co., Stand 94, East Gallery.—IRON FENCING, Galvanized
Wire Netting, and the new Patent S. B. Lawn Mower, horse, pony, and
hand Machines.—99, Cannon-street, and 148, Upper Thames-st., E.C.
MITHFIELD CATTLE SHOW.—Stand 131.—
BOYD's IRON PARK and CATTLE FENCING, 1s. per yard
run, 3ft. 6in, high. Thousands of miles of this fencing have been
crected. Lists free at Stand; and of John Boyd and Co., 48, Cannon¬
street, E.C.
MITHFIELD CLUB CATTLE SHOW.—Visitors
tee 
ted to inspect KENT's DOMESTIC
LABOUR SAVING INVENTIONS, at the manufactory, 199, High Hol¬
born, where may be seen in operation the various new and successful con¬
trivances for domestic use, all promoting economy, cleanliness, and
comfort, effecting a saving of time and labour, and the better perform¬
ance of household werk, catalogues of which, containing numerous
Elustrations, may be had gratis.
B. B. STARLING, 68, Great Portland-street, Oxford¬
street, dealer in precious stones and first class second-hand
jewellery, begs respectfully to inform the public that his SHOP will be
CLOSED on Saturday, 26th inst. (Boxing Day). Business will be
resumed on Monday, 28th inst.
