Sorry not seeing W. Saturday. WANTS W.'s
.
ADDRESS.
Y. Z. has long been anxiously awaiting a letter.
WRITE to the old address. Hope illness is not cause of delay.
TRICKEN DEER is requested to CALL.—
Pollaky, Private Inquiry-office, 13, Paddington-green, London.
MAVRE.—A. G., on Thursday, at 6 o'clock, on the
Quay, as before.—John Simpson, Private Inquiry-office, 20, De¬
ness
THE REMAINING SUM of £250 has been grate¬
fully RECEIVED. The church for which it is designed will
(D.V.) be consecrated towards the end of October.
LOST, last Friday, 3d August, between the hours
of 10 a.m. and 5.30 p.m., in first-class railway compartment from
Scarborough to King's-cross, an ANTIQUE GOLD CARVED
WATCH-CASE. Whoever will bring the same t
Finchley¬
road, St. John's-wood, shall receive THREE POUNDS REWARD.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Friday, be¬
lieved at the Bank of England, a FIVE POUND NOTE. Num¬
ber and date known, and stopped at the Bank. Apply to Messrs.
Pottle and Son, 14, Royal Exchan.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday
last, near Crawford-street, a SKYE TERRIER DOG, with brass
collar and bell. Whoever will bring the same to Edelsten and Co.,
No. 17, Upper George-street, Edgware-road, W., shall receive the
reward. No further reward will be offered.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday,
July 23, a LARGE OLD BLACK SETTER DOG, answering to
the name of "Sailor." Whoever will bring the same to 24, Upper
Brook-street, shall receive the above reward. No further reward will
be offered.
FOUND, a GRAY SKYE TERRIER DOG. If not
owned within three days will be SOLD to defray expenses. Apply
W. P., 45, High Holborn.
FOLLOWED, a GENTLEMAN, a DOG. The owner
can have the same by giving full description of it, and paying all
expenses. Address X., care of Mr. Shrader, stationer, &c., 45, St.
Mary-axe, city, E.C. N.B. If not owned before Monday, 13th, will be
SOLD to defray expenses.
TAKE NOTICE, unless a BROWN PONY is NOT
FETCHED AWAY, and all expenses paid, standing at George
Loader's stables, Green Dragon-yard, King-street, Regent-street, the
said pony will be SOLD to defray all expenses.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of £5,000
Consolidated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the
name of EMMA LOUISA GOAD, of Hartwell, Tunbridge-wells, spin¬
ster, and which dividend was paid over to the Commissiners for the
Reduction of the National Debt in consequence of its having remained
unclaimed since the 5th July, 1856;—Notice is hereby given, that on
the expiration of three months from this date, the said Dividend will
be paid to Emma Louisa Wilson (late Goad, spinster), wife of Herbert
Lowther Wilson, who has claimed the same, unless some other claim¬
ant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £157 13s. Consolidated
Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
HENRY WALTER HOBBS, saddler, and MARY HOBBS, widow,
both of Lymington, Hants and which was transferred to the said
Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having
remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1854;—Notice is hereby given,
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to Henry Walter
Hobbs and Mary Whitcher, widow (late Mary Hobbs, widow), who
have claimed the same, junless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE,
Principal Registry. Victoria, by the grace of God, of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith,
to Jane Bracebridge, of Gibraltar, widow, William George Brace¬
bridge, of No. 39, Mincing-lane, in the city of London, merchant,
Edward Ledger Bracebridge, of Amity-house, High-Street, Poplar, in
the county of Middlesex, architect, Jane Weir, wife of Adam Weir, of
Gibraltar, merchant, Mary Amelia Shepherd, wife of Frederick S.
Shepherd, of No. 26, Lavender-grove, Dalston, in the county of Middle¬
sex, clerk in the War-office, Ellen Elizabeth Bracebridge, of Gibraltar,
spinster, and Charlotte Eliza Matthiasen, wife of Nils Christian
Matthiasen, of Gibraltar, merchant; whereas it appears by the affida¬
vit of David Edward Power, of No. 110, Fenchurch-Street, in the city
of London, merchant, sworn the 1st day of August, 1866, and filed in
the Principal Registry of the said Court, that by indenture of settle¬
ment, bearing date the 25th day of March, 1840, and made between
John Nicklin, of Gibraltar, gentleman, of the first part, Robert Stark,
of Gibraltar, gentleman, and Jemima his wife (formerly Jemima
Nicklin), of the second part, and John Barnard Herbert, of Gibraltar,
gentleman, and Edward Bracebridge, of the same place, painter,
of the third part, for the considerations therein mentioned,
the said John Nicklin did, among other things, transfer and assign
the sum of £1,000 Stock, part of a sum of £4,000 Three per
Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, into the names of the said John
Barnard Herbert and Edward Bracebridge, to be held by them the
said John Barnard Herbert and Edward Bracebridge, and the survivor
of them and the executors and administrators of such survivor upon
trust, to pay the interest and dividends thereof to the said
Jemima Stark for life, and at her death to the said Robert Stark for
his life, and on the death of the survivor to pay and divide the said
principal sum between and among all and every the child and chil¬
dren of the said Robert Stark and Jemima Stark, who should
live to attain the age of 21 years, or being daughters should
attain that age or marry,
and the issue of such of them, as
should die in the lifetime of the said Robert Stark and Jemima Stark,
leaving issue living at the death of the survivor: and whereas it further
appears by the said affidavit that the said Robert Stark and Jemima
Stark died sometime since, leaving Robert Stark the younger, John
Stark, William Stark, James Stark, Henry Stark, Janet Stark, and
Caroline Stark, their only children them surviving that the said Robert
Stark the younger died leaving issue, Robert Stark, Jemima Stark,
Catherine Stark, and Janet Stark; that the said John Stark died
without issue ; that the said John Barnard Herbert died on the 31st
day of January, 1844, leaving the said ledward Bracebridge, his co¬
trustee, him surviving; that the said Edward Bracebridge died on the
8th day of October, 1860, having first made and duly executed his last
will and testament, bearing date the 21st day of May, 1860, and a codi¬
cil bearing date the 19th day of June, 1860, wherein he appointed his
wife, Jane Bracebridge, and his son, William George Bracebridge,
executors, and the said Jane Bracebridge residuary legatee for life,
or so long as she should remain a widow, and after her decease or
marriage, which should first happen, then he substituted his children,
the said Mary Amelia Shepherd, Ellen Elizabeth Bracebridge, Char¬
lotte Eliza Matthiasen, Jane Weir, William George Bracebridge, and
Edward Ledger Bracebridge, residuary legatees; and whereas it fur¬
ther appears by the said affidavit that the said Jane Bracebridge, on
the 4th day of December, 1860, proved the said will and codicil in the
Supreme Court of Gibraltar, and thereby became his legal personal re¬
presentative at Gibraltar, but has not, nor has the said William
George Bracebridge, proved the same in our Court of Probate ;
that by an order of the Supreme Court of Gibraltar, dated the
18th day of December, 1863, made on the petition of the said James
Stark and Henry Stark, Jane Stark, Caroline Stark, and Jemima Stark,
and Catherine Stark and Jane Stark, infants, by Mary Stark, their
mother, William Recano, of Gibraltar, Esq., has been appointed trus.
tee of the said indenture of settlement of the 25th day of March, 1840,
in the place of the said John Barnard Herbert and Edward Brace¬
bridge ; and whereas it further appears by the said affidavit that the
said sum of £1,000 is still standing in the names of the said John Bar¬
nard Herbert and Edward Bracebridge, or in the name of the said
Edward Bracebridge, as the survivor, in the books of the Governor and
Company of the Bank of England, but that they had not, nor had
either of them, any beneficial interest therein, or in the interest and
dividends thereon, but held the same solely upon the trusts of the
said indenture, and that the said William Recano is unable to ob¬
tain a transfer of the said sum of £1,000 Three per Cent. Conso¬
lidated Bank Annuities for want of a representative of the said
Edward Bracebridge by authority of our Court of Probate ; Now
this is to command you, the said JANE BRACEBRIDGE WIL¬
LIAM GEORGE BRACEBRIDGE, EDWARD LEDGER BRACE¬
BRIDGE, JANE WEIR, MARY AMELIA SHEPHERD, ELLEN
ELIZABETH BRACEBRIDGE, and CHARLOTTE ELIZA
MATTHIASEN, that within 30 days after service hereof on you, in¬
clusive of the day of such service, you do cause an APPEARANCE
to be entered for you in the Principal Registry of our Court of Probate,
and respectively show cause, if you have or know any, why letters of
administration of the personal estate and effects of the said Edward
Bracebridge, deceased, so far only as respects all the right, title, or
interest of him, the said deceased, in and to the said sum of £1,000,
Three Pounds per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, and the interest
and dividends due, and to grow due thereon, should not be committed
and granted to the said William Recano, or his lawful attorney, for
his use and benefit. And take notice, that in default of your so appear¬
ing and showing cause as aforesaid the Judge of our said Court, or the
Registrar of the Principal Registry thereof, will proceed to grant
decree letters of administration of the personal estate and effects of
the said deceased, under the aforesaid limitations, to the said William
Recano, or his lawful attorney, for his use and benefit, your absence
notwithstanding. — Dated this 2d day of August, 1866, and in the 30th
year of our reign.
Citation.) EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar
SALMON FISHERY ACT, 1865.—The LIMITS
of the FISHERY DISTRICT of the RIVERS TEIVY and
AERON shall be as follows:—
So much of the rivers Teivy and Aeron and their tributaries as is
situate within the counties of Cardigan, Carmarthen, and Pembroke,
and also the estuaries of the said rivers, and so much of the coast as
lies between Carreg Tipog, in the county of Cardigan, and Strumble
Head, in the county of Pembroke, and all rivers flowing into the sea
between the said points, and being within the said counties, as laid
down on the map deposited in the office of the Clerk of the Peace
for the county of Cardigan.
I do hereby certify that the fishery district above described is duly
formed by me.
Given under my hand this 4th day of July, 1866. G. GREY.
Home office.
NEXT of KIN (important never before published).
—A classified and descriptive INDEX (of 15,000 names guaranteed)
to ADVERTISEMENTS for NEXT of KIN, Chancery heirs, legatees,
persons wanted, and unclaimed money from 1760 to the present time,
sent post free for 30 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER, 6, Holland-¬
street, Clapham-road, London, S.
THE OFFICES of Messrs. ALEX. F. RIDGWAY
and SONS, army, civil service, and colonial agents, have been
REMOVED from Nos. 39, 40, and 41, Leicester-square, to No. 2. Water¬
loo-place, Pall-mall, S.W.
NOTICE.—In consequence of numerous mistakes and
inquiries, PETER ROBINSON be
where it to this customers and
the public that for the future his MOURNING BUSINESS will be
conducted at the premises but recently completed—viz, 256. 258, 260,
262, Regent-street, and not, as formerly, at his coloured establishment,

AGRICULTURAL HALL to be LET, for Con¬
certs, Public Meetings, &c. The minor hall 100 feet square,
which has been floored, provided with a platform and seats. For terms
and to view apply at the Secretary's office, Barford-street, Islington.
By order. S. SIDNEY, Sec.
SWIMMING TAUGHT, in six or eight lessons; no
matter what age or how nervous of water. Completion guaran¬
teed, one guinea. Lessons any hour of the day at the Lambeth Baths,
by Professor BECKWITH or his assistant. Schools attended;
aquatic entertainments arranged.
GENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, 5, Henrietta-¬
.
street, Covent-garden
Medical Director—ALFRED EBSWORTH, F.R.C.S.
Lady Superintendent—Mrs. NIKEL.
Skilled medical, surgical, fever, mental, monthly, and wet nurses
can be obtained, at a moment's notice, from this Institute, for any part
of England, the colonies, and abroad. A. EBSWORTH, F.R.C.S.
THE LONDON NECROPOLIS.—The only Ceme¬
tery Company which combines in its practice a proper regard to
public health and public decency."—See Dr. Sutherland's Report to the
.
The scale of charges, which include coffin, all undertaking expenses,
and a private grave, varies from £17 4s. to £2 5s.
The Company also undertake the conduct of funerals to other ceme¬
teries.
Offices, 2, Lancaster-place, Strand 60, Sloane-street; 60, Westmin¬
ter-road; 5, Kennington-green; and 20, Newcastle-street, Strand.
COX and SON's CATALOGUE of MONUMENTS,
tombrails, headstones, memorial brasses, &c., designed by emi¬
nent architects, with prices, just published (May, 1866), sent for six
stamps. The modern progress of ecclesiology has led to a general con¬
demnation of the barbarous taste which formerly prevailed in this re¬
spect, and to a desire for the adoption of more correct forms. The
previous edition of this catalogue was published as a contribution to¬
wards the supply of this desideratum, and as it met with so much suc¬
cess and so many expressions of approbation, Messrs. Cox and Son
have been induced to publish this new and enlarged edition, with a
great number of new engravings. As the designs here illustrated are
executed at Messrs. Cox and Son's own workshops, they can combine
economy of production with excellency of workmanship and material.
—Cox and Son, ecclesiastical warehouse and show rooms, 28 and 29,
Southampton-street, Strand; manufactory, Belvedere-road, Lambeth.
LONUMENTAL SCULPTURE.—The Carrara
Marble Works: established 1820. — Monuments, Tablets, Tom
Memorial Crosses, &c.—INSCRIPTIONS rendered IMPERISHABLE
by LETTERS in SOLID LEAD. Export orders.—T. GAFFIN,
No. 63, Quadrant, Regent-street, W. Manufactory, Westminster.
MONOGRAMS (superior). Last new Designs:—
Five quires of note and 100 envelopes, stamped in best colours,
with two or three initials, for 5s. ; ditto, very best, 6s. 6d. No charge
for dies. Specimen sheet for one stamp.—JAS. MACMICHAEL,
heraldic stationer, 207, King's-road, Chelsea.
MONOGRAMS, Arms, Crests, and Coronets:—
A preliminary Pencil Sketch, artistically designed, price 1s. 6d. ;
a Monogram Die of two letters, 7s. 6d. ; three letters, 10s. 6d. Enve¬
lope stamping in the best colours, 1s. per 100. Note paper illuminated
in gold and colours.—KERBY and SON, 190, Oxford-street. By ap¬
pointment to H.R.H. the Prince of Wales.
MONOGRAMS—10,000 dies all ready engraved in
stock; five quire superior paper and 100 envelopes stamped for
5s., without charge for the die. No charge for engraving crest and
motto, monogram, or address die if an order be given for a ream of the
best paper and 500 envelopes, all stamped free. Monograms designed,
1s, post free.—T. CULLETON, die sinker to the Board of Trade,
No. 25, Cranbourn-street, corner of St. Martin's-lane.
