X. X.—Adelphi, Thursday, 8 o'clock.

V. SMEDELY will oblige a friend from abroad
by SENDING his ADDRESS to the Grosvenor Hotel, Victoria
Station.
CAESAR J.—I have heard, from good anthority, that
you will be here in the summer. If so, let me know ; a line to
B. Street always safe. I have had much sorrow lately.
PY IN THE CAMP's LETTER RECEIVED.
Unsatisfactory. A more definite arrangement must be come to.
No objection to pay for proper information. Address your answer to
R. W. H. S. instead of J. S.
MR. JACOB ISAAC DE JONGE, formerly of
London, merchant, and aete
se residing at Hamburg, is
earnestly requested to COMMUNICATE, without delay, with Mr.
Parton, 14, George's-place, Holloway. N
STANNARD.—The gentleman of this name, who
engaged three stalls, Nos. 43, 44, and 45, at the Princess's Theatre,
on Tuesday evening last, and omitted to return the OPERA GLASS,
will greatly oblige by FORWARDING it.
NYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARED, from
Ostend, a YOUNG LADY. 16 years of age, named Mathilde de
Jaeghere, of rosy complexion, with dark brown hair, dark blue eyes,
and good teeth. Was last seen in company with an Englishman, of
military appearance, on board the steamer on the journey from Calais
to Dover, on Tuesday, the 7th inst. The following is the corrected
description of said Englishman:—5ft. 1Iin, in height, narrowishouldered,
sinister countenance, browned by an Indian sun, small forehead,
under lip somewhat compressed, with shaggy beard and moustache.
Wears a heavy gold Albert chain with charms, among which, one a
large square gold locket. Luggage supposed to be marked with a T.
liberal REWARD will be given to any one affording INFORMATION
of the whereabouts of the young lady or gentleman, or to anyone bring¬
ing the young lady to Mr. Pollaky, at 14, George-street, Mansion-house.
where proper means are provided for restoring her to her distressed
parents.—Home and Foreign Inquiry Office, London, 18th April, 1863.
LOST, on the 16th April, between Victoria-square
and Pall-mall, a GOLD MORDAN's PEN, in silver case. Who¬
ever will bring the same to Mr. Roberts, stationer, 2, Arabella-row,
Pimlico, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, from a carriage, on Wednesday last, between
Pall-mall and Exhibition-road, a large UMBRELLA, in an oil¬
skin case. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Rhind's, Little Sus¬
sex-place, Hyde-park, W., shall receive FIVE SHILLINGS RE¬

LOST, a GOLD CHAIN BRACELET, with tur¬
quois set in is, locket snap with turquois one side, and case for
hair at the back. Supposed to be dropped in a cab, taken from the
stand at Islington, about 10 p.m. on the 16th April and'set down at
No. 67, Great Russell-Street.—TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST CERTIFICATES.—Notice is hereby given,
that application has been made to the Auditor-General of the
State of Pennsylvania for the issue of duplicates of the following de¬
scribed certificates of Five per Cent. Stock of said State, created by
the Act of 21st March, 1831, issued by the Bank of Pennsylvania (acting
as Transfer Agent of the Commonwealth of Penusylvania), in the
joint names of George Wiggins, of Furnival's-inn, London, Esq.,
Richard Hichens, of St. Ive's, Cornwall, Esq., and Charles Henry
Rhodes, of Denmark-hill, Surrey, gentleman, with benofit of survivor¬
ship, which certificates have been lost, viz.:—
No. 1,400, dated Nov. 4, 1839, for 4,000 dollars.
1,401
5,000 0 
9,000
And all persons are hereby called upon to show cause to the transfer
clerk at the Farmers and Mechanics' Bank, in the city of Philadelphia,
why such duplicate certificates should not be issued.
COMERFORD and GIRDLER, Public Notaries,

CAMEO BROOCH, set in enamel, LOST, late on
Wednesday night, the 15th, betwee
senea
No. 71, Sutherland-street, Pimlico. ONE SOVEREIGN will be PAID
on its being brought to the above address.
ONE POUND REWARD.—To Parish Clerks and
others.—The above will be given for an officially-attested COPY
of the REGISTER of BURIAL of Mrs. ELIZABETH McPHAEDRIS.
Diod between 1765 and 1830. Address A. B., 49, St. George's-square,
Portsea.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, supposed to be
left in a rail
Hardingham, Norfolk, on Tuesday.
March 31, a SABLE MUFF. Whoever will send the same uninjured
to Barnham Broom, Wymondham, Norfolk, shall receive the above
reward.
JANSOM's CAB MEN.—A BUNCH of KEYS,
with two old gold seals on a steel ring, LEFT in a Hansom cab,
which took a gentleman to the Paddington station on the 7th inst. If
the cabman will bring it to Pratt's Cole .
-place, St. James's-street,
he shall receive THREE POUNDS REWARD.
TO CABMEN and others. —LOST, on the night of
Saturday, March 7, a GREEN LEATHER PORTEMONNAIE.
bound with silver, containing a £5 note, one sovereign, and a small
packes, of no use except to the owner. Whoever will bring back the
said packet to the porter of the Guards' Club, Pall-mall, shall receive

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday,
the 18th April, between the Shadwell Station and Messrs. Hewett
and Co., 18, Fenchurch-Street, a DARK GREEN LEATHER PURSE,
containing some gold, memoranda, and the card of the owner. Who¬
ever has found, and will take it to Messrs. Diganes and Co., hatters,
Royal Exchange, shall receive the above reward, and will much oblige
the owner.
CAUTION.—Re William George Howard, Esq.—
Bankers, solicitors, and others are CAUTIONED against
ADVANCING MONEY upon or DEALING with certain BONDS
and other securities bearing the name of WILLIAM GEORGE
HOWARD, Esq., of the Burlington Hotel, Cork-street, Burlington¬
gardens, but late of Vere Lodge, Brompton, and of Hednesford-hall,
near Walsall, Staffordshire, the same having been obtained from him
by frand or without consideration, and in respect of which proceedings
in equity are about to be taken on benalf of the said William George
Howard forthwith; and all persons having claims against the said
William George Howard are requested to forward the same to us, the
undersigned. —Dated this 14th day of April, 1863.
NEWBON, EVANS, and Co., Solicitors for the said
William George Howard, Esq., Wardrobe-place,
Doctors'-commons.
FOUND, at Messrs. Sangster's, 140, Regent-street,
a BANK NOTE. The owner may have it on describing the same
and paying the expenses on application at the above address.
FOUND, on the 12th inst., a SKYE TERRIER
DOG. If not owned within seven days will be SOLD to defray
the expenses. Apply at the post office, Grosvenor-road, St. John's¬
wood.
DOG FOUND; left behind at Messrs. Honey and
Skelton's, hairdressers, &c., Fleet-street, bey
nutleman who had
his hair cut there on the 15th inst. If NOT CLAIMED in three days
from this date, will be SOLD to pay expenses.
PORTRAIT of a LADY, and letters signed
"Marianne," were LEFT by Mr. W. B. in the care of Abbott,
Barton, and Co., advertisement contractors, who, during their removal
to new offices, 208, Strand, have discovered that the parcel has not been
called for therefore seck this methed of requesting that the OWNER
will APPLY for them without further delay. Abbott, Barton, and
Co., advertisement contractors and publishers, 203, Strand, W.C. (en¬
trance first door in Essex-street).
MAWARDEN.—Mr. EDWARD HAWARDEN
(age about 31 years), formerly of Charter-house, Hinton, Somerset,
England, who left there in the month of May, 1852, bound for Adelaide
Australla), where he resided till about the year 1854 (leaving with his
friend, Mr. Thomas Harding, of Adelaide aforesaid, some boxes of
wearing apparel, &c.), and thencs proceeded to Melbourne, but who has
not since communicated with the said Thomas Harding nor with any
of his relatives or friends in England, will HEAR of SOMETHING to
his ADVANTAGE; or a reward of £5 will be paid to any person fur¬
nishing his present addreas, or giving reliable proof of his death on ap¬
plication to Henry Pullen, solicitor, Warminster, Wilts, England.—
Dated 15th April, 1863
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt of the sum of £73 4s. 3d. Consolidated Three
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of JOHN
READ, of Maulden, Beds, farmer, deceased; FRANCIS POINTON,
of Codicote, Herts, baker; and JOHN RUST, of Walkern, Herts,
tailor, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in conse¬
quence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed on and
from the 5th July. 1852;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration
of three months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and
the Dividends thereon Paid, to Francis Pointon and John Rust, the
survivors, who have claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
CAUTION.—CANTOR and Co., sponge importers,
caution druggists, perfumers, saddlers, and vendors of sponges
against persons trading under similar names, or professing to have
been connected with them, their only warehouse being situate
No. 6, Houndsditch (opposite Aldgate Church), established half a cen¬
tury, where all orders are requested to be addressed
CAUTION.—FRANCESCO DRIOLI's MARA¬
SCHINO.—Whereas it has come to my knowledge, that certain
persons in England have for years past been in the habit of buying up
my empty bottles, and have latterly caused them to be made there in
imitation of mine, and have forged my seal and my label in order to
pass off their spurious liqueur as Maraschino of my manufacture, this
is to give notice to all persons so offending that I shall henceforth put in
force against them the provisions of an Act of Parliament called the
"Merchandize Marks Act of 1862," by indicting them for a misde¬
meanour and causing them to be punished by fine and imprisonment.
Zara, Feb. 5, 1863.
F. DRIOLL.
CAUTION.—WYNAND FOCKINK's CURACAO
and other LIQUEURS.—Whereas it has come to my knowledge,
that certain persons in England have for years past been in the habit
of buying up my empty bottles, which bear my name on the punt, and
have forged my brand on the cork, my seal, and my label, in order to
pass off their spurious liqueurs as Curacao and other liqueurs of my
manufacture, this is to give notice to all persons so offending, that I
shall henceforth put in force against them the provisions of an Act of
Parliament called the "Merchandize Marks Act of 1862," by indicting
them for a misdemeanour, a ae
oeo e e to be punished by fine
and imprisonment.
WYNAND FOCKINK, Amsterdam.
CAUTION.—PETER F. HEERING's CHERRY
CORDIAL or KIRSEBER.—Whereas it has come to my know¬
ledge, that certain persons in England have for years past been in the
habit of buying up my empty bottles, which have my name on the
shoulder, and have forged my brand on the cork, my seal, and my
label, in order to pass off their spurious liqueur as Cherry Cordial or
Kirsebor of my manufacture, this is to give notice to all persons so
offending that I shall henceforth put in force against them the provi¬
sions of an Act of Parliament called the "Merchandize Marks Act
of 1862," by indicting them for a misdemeanour, and causing them to
be punished by fine and imprisonment.
(Signed)
PETER F. HEERING, Copenhagen.
MERSEY DOCKS and SHARBOUR BOARD.—
Stanley Dock Warehouses. Whereas, the following goods,
namely, H. B. and Co., with F. B. under, 50 bales cotton, were lately
imported from Calcutta by the ship or vessel called the MARSEILLES
into the port of Liverpool, and on or about the 7th day of January last
were warehoused in the Stanley Dock Warehouses, in Liverpool, be¬
longing to the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board: and whereas notice
in writing has been given to the said Board by the master, owner, or
charterer of the said vessel, or other person interested in the freight of
such vessel, from or out of which the said goods have been so ware¬
housed, to detain and keep such goods in the said warehouses until the
claim or lien for freight to which the same are subject and liable shall
have been duly paid or satisfied, or until deposit shall have been made
by the owner or consignee of such goods, equal in amount to the de¬
mand for or on account of such claim or lien for freight upon the same
goods; and whereas no such deposit was made within 90 days next
after the said goods were so warehoused as aforesaid, and notice of the
non-payment of the freight in respect of such goods having been duly
given to the said Board, and the owner or consignee of the goods not
being known, notice is hereby given, that the sum of £32 0s. 10d. has
been claimed for freight in respect of the said goods; and that after
the expiration of 10 days next after this notice, the said Board intend
to SELL all such GOODS, or such portion thereof as shall in their judg¬
ment be sufficient to pay and satisfy the duties payable to the Commis¬
sioners of Her Majesty's Customs (if any) in respect of such goods, and
the rates, rents, and charges payable to the said Board in respect
thereof, and the expenses of the said sale, and the freight to which the
same goods may be subject or liable.—Dated this 16th day of April,
1863.
By order, JOHN HARRISON, Secretary.
LINCOLN APRIL FAIR.—Notice is hereby given,
that this FAIR will be held in the city of Lincoln as usual
during the last whole week in April, and will commence on Tuesday,
neen

Lincoln, March 26, 1863. JNO. THOS. TWEED, Town Clerk.
LONDON RIFLE VOLUNTEER BRIGADE.—
Colonel H.R.H. the Duke of CAMBRIDGE, Commander-in¬
Chief, &c., Lieut.-Colonel George Warde.—Entrance fee abolished.
Annual subscription (payable half-yearly), £1 1s. Cost of uniform,
£3 17s. 6d. Annual subscription of honorary members, entitling them
to the use of a range of 1,000 yards, within 20 minutes' of Fenchurch or
Bishopsgate Stations, reduced to one guineas. Subscriptions become
due on the 1st May. Recruits joining from the 1st April pay a sub¬
scription for the half-year ending 31st October.
By order,
A. T. EWENS Capt. and Adjt.
Head-quarters, 8, Great Winchester-street, E.C., March 14, 1863.
CHELSEA and PIMLICO EXPRESS OMNI¬
BUSES.—Saving of 20 minutes. These omnibuses leave the
Compasses daily, for St. Mary's Church, near the Mansion-house, at
Sh. Om., 9h. 30m., 11h. Om., 12h. 30m., 3h. Om., 4h. 30m., 6h. Om.,
passing the Monster, Lupus-Street, Lambeth-bridge, Obelisk, and
London-bridge Stations; returning from St. Mary's Church at Sh. 45m.,
10h. 15m., 11h. 45m., 1h, 15m., 3h. 45m., 5h. 15m., 6h. 45m.
WATER-COLOUR DRAWINGS.—A gentleman,
who is collecting high class drawings by known English artists,
wishes to PURCHASE from other private collectors. Address M. A.,
No. 47, Westbourne-grove, Bayswater.
