IF T. W. C., who LEFT his HOME, at Wolverhamp¬
ton, on the evening of the 27th of December last, will COMMU¬
NICATE with his relative at Paddington, W., all can be arranged.
THE Rev. STEPHEN BRIDGE begs to ACKNOW¬
LEDGE with many thanks, and in the way the donor directs, the
RECEIPT of a BANK NOTE for £50. He will most gladly apply it
to that local object which he feels is most in need of it, and where it
will be permanently useful.—Camberwell, 2d Jan., 1863.
ADDRESS WANTED.—W. D., of Derby, who
remitted three £5 notes to Mr. Anthony Brough, wine merchant,
of 63, Great Tower-street, with an order for wine, &c., to be sent to
St. John's wood, is requested to FORWARD the correct ADDRESS,
as the one given cannot be found.
F. V. to A. V.—DIED, in Boston, Nov. 22, 1862,
WILLIAM V. ALDEN, age 52. His house will be sold, and
his family scattered it consists of his wife and her sister, his two
sons, and their grandmother. Though not destitute, they are ill pro¬
vided. All expenses are greatly increased by the war. The Carondelet
property is an unproductive burden.
LOST, on Thursday night, at 5 o'clock, on London¬
bridge, a LONDON and BRIGHTON RAILWAY TICKET,
folded in a letter. Whoever will bring the same to 38, Cannon-street,
E.C., shall be liberally REWARDED.
LOST, a FIVE-POUND NOTE, last night, by a
poor man, near Russell-square. Number and date stopped. A
REWARD will be paid to any person bringing it to Mr. Medcalf, car¬
penter, 19. Kenton-street, Russell-square, W.C.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in the neich¬
borhood of Chepstow Villas, Bayswater, a DARK TORTOISE¬
SHELL CAT. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Cribb, stationer,
Westbourne-grove, shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on New
Year's night, supposed in a cab, between Brixton and Camber¬
well, a GOLD BRACELET, with carbuncle drop locket. The above
reward will be paid on delivering the same to John Walker, 68, Cornhill.
DOGS.—LOST, on Tuesday, a BLACK and TAN
TERRIER; also, about Easter, a Dark Gray Skye Terrier. Any
one restoring or giving such information as will lead to the recovery of
either of the above, shall be REWARDED. Apply to C. S., 243, Cam¬

TO CARMEN.—TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—
LOST (supposed to have dropped in a cab which took two ladies
from Upper Brook-street to the Waterloo Station, in the afternoon of
Wednesday, the 31st December), a large, old-fashioned, GOLD COIN,
a silver cross, and two keys. Apply to Mr. Wooderspoon, 7, Serle¬
street, Lincoln's-inn, W. C.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—STOLEN, within
the last six months, from the Crystal Palace, TWO QUARTER¬
PLATE PORTRAIT LENSES, by Lerebour; two ditto, by A. Ross,
London; two ditto, by Voightlander; one half-plate, by Dallmeyer;
one whole plate Ross lens, and other lenses. The above reward will be
paid by Messrs. Negretti and Zambra, of 1, Hatton-garden, to any
person giving such information as shall lead to the apprehension and
conviction of the thief or thieves, and the recovery of the property. In¬
formation to Sergeant Palmer, Detective Department, Great Scotland-¬

NEIR WANTED.—Mr. HUGH BARR, of Pais¬
ley, who left that town, about 10 years ago, for England, is
requested to COMMUNICATE with Mr. David Semple, writer, Pais¬

IF JAMES GODBEE, late of Bishopsgate, London,
or his executors or administrators, will an

No. 6, Homerton-row, Homerton, they will HEAR of SOMETHING

NOTICE.—EVIDENCE is REQUIRED to PROVE
whether MARY METCALFE (daughter of the late Rev. John
Metcalfe, of Kirkby Overblow, in the county of York), is still LIVING;
or (if dead) the date and place of her decease. Any person furnishing
information in proof of the above will HEAR of SOMETHING to his
or her ADVANTAGE. Apply to Mr. Henry Horncastle, Edwinstowe,
near Ollerton, Nottinghamshire.
TWO HUNDRED and FIFTY POUNDS PRIZE,
and £100 Prize, for TEMPERANCE TALES.—The Directors of
the Scottish Temperance League hereby offer a prize of £250 for the
best temperance tale, and a prize of £100 for the second best tempe¬
rance tale. The conditions of the competition may be learned by send¬
ing a stamped envelope to John S. Marr, 108, Hope-street, Glasgow.
CRYSTAL PALACE.—THIS DAY (Saturday).—
—Change of Performances, commence at 1 o'clock. For the con¬
venience of juvenile visitors the entertainments will conclude by 5
o'clock. Admission half-a-crown; for children, 1s.
CRYSTAL PALACE.—Brillantly Illuminated, the
Great Feature of the Season.—"At dusk, when all the lamps were
lighted, it really was most brillant."—Times. "The great feature was
the system of lighting the building."—Morning Post. "The naves
were brillantly lighted with Parisian lamps."—Daily News. "The
interior of the building presented a beautiful aspect."—Morning
Herald. "Inside or out of the Palace the effect was alike charming,
the glass glittering everywhere with the flood of bright light."—Morning
Star. THIS EVENING (Saturday), the Palace will be fully illumi¬
nated. Defries' Prismatic Mirror, the Christmas Tree, and the upper
gaslight fully displayed. The most brillant afternoon promenade.
CRYSTAL PALACE.-GREAT CHRISTMAS
REVELS, Juvenile Fête, and gigantic Holyday Fancy Fair, THIS
DAY (Saturday). Parisian illuminations, by Messrs. Defries. Entire
Palace comfortably warmed by 50 miles of hot-water pipes. All
approaches under cover, wet or dry equally agreeable. The largest
decorated Christmas tree, 100ft, high. Blondin's Farewell Perform¬
ances. Continuous amusements from 1 o'clock, under the direction
of Mr. Nelson Lee. Unsworth, "or any other man." Comic songs and
dances by Mr. William Randall, Messrs. Uriah and Edgar Parry, the
champion sauteur of the world, Mr. Arthur Barnes, and Mr. Chad¬
wick, the Parisian grotesque; concluding with a Comic Christmas
Pantomime, entitled Harlequin, or the Good Fairy of the Invisible
Grotto. The whole of the characters (11 in number) in elegant
costumes, with songs, parodies, and burlesque dances by Mr. E.
Marshall. Magni's Reading Girl, Monti's Sleep of Sorrow and Dream
of Joy. Great fancy fair of British and foreign manufactures suit¬
able for presents or for decorating Christmas trees. Admission from
 till 6, half-a-crown; children under 12, 1s. Note. —Reserved seats,
2s. 6d., children, 1s., are provided in front of the great orchestra.
CRYSTAL PALACE.—THIS DAY (Saturday), in
addition to the Christmas Entertainments, a special CONCERT
in the Centre Transept. The programme will include Auber's Great
Exhibition March: Haydn's Toy Symphony, with solos on children's
toy instruments by the principal performers of the Company's band;
also solos for the cornet, flageolet, and euphonium. Blondin on the
High Rope at 3, introducing his extraordinary Drum Feat, last time
but two. Admission half-a-crown; children under 12, 1s. Season
tickets at the entrances, half-a-guinea.
MONORABLE ARTILLERY COMPANY.—
Head-Quarters, Armoury-house, 1st January, 1863.—R. O.—The
REGIMENT will MUSTER here on Saturday, the 10th instant,
at 12 o'clock at noon, and proceed, via railway, to Clapham, for a
march o e.
Dress.—Review order, with knapsacks, great coats, leggings, and
havresacks. Officers to wear the frock coat.
The Horse and Field Artillery and Light Cavalry will proceed by
road; and the officers commanding will muster their respective troops
in due time.
By order of Major Robin.
G. BRINEWOOD POTTS, Captain and Adjutant.
MONORABLE ARTILLERY COMPANY.—
Head-Quarters, Armoury-house, 1st January 1863.—R. O.—The
ANNUAL COURSE of SQUAD and COMPANY DRILL, under the
command of the Adjutant, will COMMENCE on Monday, the 12th
inst., and be continued on each successive Monday, at 6.30 p.m., until
the course has been gone through.
The course of musketry instruction, under Captain Field, will com¬
mence on Thursday, the 8th inst., and be continued every successive
Thursday until further orders. No. 1 Company will commence the
course, and the officer commanding that company will summon the
members of it to attend on the day named, at 6.30 p.m. Each com¬
pany will be summoned in turn to attend by its commanding officer,
and the officers of each company will attend the course with it.
The Commanding Officers Drill will be continued on Thursdays, at
6.30 p.m.
The Commanding Officer cannot too strenuously urge upon the
members of the Regiment the necessity of attending these drills. In
the regolar service every soldier is compelled to go through the com¬
plete course annually. How much more essential is it for Volunteers
to do the same; and the Commanding Officer feels satisfied that, if
members will but make the small sacrifice of time necessary for at¬
tending these drills, they will be amply repaid by the greater precision
—and consequent satisfaction to all ranks—with which the evolutions
in the field will be hereafter performed.
It is probable that during the ensuing year the Regiment may be
called upon for the performance of more public duty than hereto¬
fore. The presence of half-drilled men in the ranks on such occasions
produces confusion and unsteadiness; but such will no longer be the
sase, if the exertions and good feeling of officers of companies and of
members of all ranks support the Commanding Officer in his en¬
deavour to maintain the discipline and efficiency of the Honorable
Artillery Company.
By order of Maior Robinson.
G. BRINEWOOD POTTS, Captain and Adjutant.
VICTORIA RIFLES.—The ANNUAL BALL,
under the patronage of his Grace the Duke of Wellington, K.G.,
will be held at St. James's-hall, on Thursday, the 22d January, 1863.
Application for tickets must be made to Capt. Collins, at the Orderly¬

ROYAL BOTANIC SOCIETY of LONDON,
Gardens, Regent's-park.—The FIRST MEETING this year of
the Fellows of this Society, for the election of new fellows and mem¬
bers, will be held at the Gardens, Regent's-park, on Saturday, the 24th
day of January. The chair to be taken at a quarter before 4 o'clock.
THE PIPING BIRD (from the International Exhi¬
bition) will PERFORM at the Soho Bazaar Counter, 630, up¬
stairs, 12 and 3 o'clock daily.
IN CHANCERY.—In the Matter of an Act passed in
the Session holden in the 19th and 20th years of the Reign of her
present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled "An Act to Facilitate Leases
and Sales of Settled Estates," and in the Matter of the MESSUAGE,
Garden, Orchards, and Meadows, and Closes of Arable or Pasture Land,
situate in the parish and manor of Chideock, in the county of Dorset,
and in the matter of a Strip of Land, part of the waste of the manor
of Weston, in the parish of Thames Ditton, in the county of Surrer
containing 0a. 2r. 20p., respectively devised by the will of WILLIAM,
SPEER, Esq., deceased, and in the matter of the London and South¬
Western Railway, Hampton Court Branch Act, 1846,—Notice is hereby
given, that a PETITION in the above-mentioned matter has been
presented to the Right Honourable the Lord High Chancelior, to be
heard before His Honour Vice-Chancellor Stuart, by Maria Speer, of
Weston, in the parish of Thames Ditton, in the county of Surrey, spinster,
Hannibal Sandys, of Sumner-terrace, in the parish of Kensington, in
the county of Middlesex, Esq., Edward Frederick Sandys, of Sumner¬
terrace aforesaid, Esq., William Speer, formerly of Thames Ditton afore¬
said, but now of New Zealand, Esq., Wilfred Dakins Speer, of Thames
Ditton aforesaid, a captain in the Middlesex Militia. Cecilia Sandys,
of Sumner-terrace aforesaid, widow, William Dancer, of Elder
Lodge, Park-road, Norwood, in the county of Surrey, Esq., and
Eleanor, his wife, Constance Speer, of Hailsham, in the county
of Sussex, spinster, Mary Speer Sandys, of Sumner-terrace afore¬
said, spinster, and Eliza Katherine Speer, an infant under the age
of 21 years, by Mary Speer, of Wellington Villas, Wellington-road,
Brighton, in the county of Sussex, her mother and next friend, for an
ORDER for the SALE of the said MESSUAGE, garden, orchards, and
meadows, and closes of arable or pasture land, situate in the parish and
manor of Chideock, in the county of Dorset; and also for the sale of the
said strip of land, part of the waste of the manor of Weston, except the
rights or interests (if any) of persons entitled to rights of common over
the same, and for other purposes in the said petition mentioned; and
notice is hereby also given, that the said petitioners may be served
with any order of this Court, or notice relating to the subject of the
said petition, at the office of their solicitors, Messrs. Kempson and
Trollope, situate at No. 31, Abingdon-street, in the city of West¬
minster, in the county of Middlesex.—Dated this 15th day of
December, 1862. KEMPSON and TROLLOPE, 31, Abingdon-street,
Solicitors for the Petitioners.
THE HOME and FOREIGN INQUIRY OFFICE,
14, George-street, Mansion-house, E.C.—Mr. POLLAKY, who
founded the above establishment in 1861 for the purpose of furnishing
prompt and authentic information of the past career and character of
foreigners and others in this country and abroad, will continue to make
private inquiries, with the view of testing the respectability of persons
who, under fictitious, high-sounding titles, introduce themselves into
English society; as shown by numerous reports in the daily press. The
system of espionage, so justly condemned and so firmly repudiated by
the British public, forms no element in the important as well as legiti¬
mate prosecution of these delicate investigations. Since the openi¬,
of this office the desirability of its permanent existence has been de¬
monstrated by the numerous cases in which its assistance has been
sought by all classes of society. Mr. Pollaky in strictly adhering to
these principles hopes for a continuation of the confidence of the public,
to obtain which he has striven during the past 10 years. On the 15th
of every month a special employé of this office will leave for the conti¬
nent to execute confidential inquiries at those places where no consti¬
tuted agent of the establishment resides. —Jan., 1863.
IMPORTANT to NATIONS.—I hereby offer to
BUILD an IMPREGNABLE BATTERY or GUNBOAT,
against shot or shell of the greatest calibre, such as would sink, burn,
and destroy all vessels now afloat, according to my own plan and spe¬
cification, for any person advancing to me a certain amount of money
according to an agreement to clear expenses as the work progresses.
N.B. The vessel to be held as security. Apply to Edward Mason,
builder, &c., 6, Jamaica-place, Limehouse, London, E.
VINTER GAMES and AMUSEMENTS (speci¬
ality). The largest and most novel collection in the world. Price
from 1s. to 20 guineas. Bagatelle tables, curling, cockamaroo, national
volunteers, Kaleidoscopic mouse, Dutch top, and hosts of others.—At
CREMER, Jun's, European game warehouse, 210, Regent-street.

WINTER GAMES and AMUSEMENTS (spe¬
ciality). The largest and most novel collection in the world.
Price from 1s. to 20 guineas. Bagatelle tables, curling, cockamaroo,
national volunteers, Kalcidoscopic mouse, Dutch top, and hosts of
others.—At CREMER, Jun.'s, Eurppean game warehouse, 210, Regent¬
street. Prize medal.
