MARY.—MEET me once more at Waterloo, this
 Friday), 3 o'clock.—LOUIE.
B s (butler), who left on Wednesday, 17th
inst., is strongly and kindly urged by Mrs. T to RETURN
WRITE confidentially.—12, Upper Montagn-street.
CH. CH., OXFORD.—R.W., who left this place on
Friday, March 5th, is requested to COMMUNICATE with the
Dean, at 15, Esplanade, Lowestoft. He will find that he has been acting
under a false impression.
D. W.—There are letters for you, at Cannon-street
Hotel.
MARY LOFT, daughter of William Loft (Mary
Loft, alias West), or if dead, her personal representative, is re¬
quested to APPLY to the undersioned, respecting a sum of money
tyable to her or her estate.—Evan Hare, 1, Mitre-court, Temple.
WILLIAM COWNLEY BRUMWELL.—Anvone
who can give INFORMATION if the above is alive, or if dead
when and where he died, will be REWARDED for their trouble. When
last heard of he was residing in Newcastle-on-Tyne, about the year
1848. Apply to Messrs. Westall and Roberts, solicitors, 7, Leadenhall¬
street, London.
NEXT of KIN.—HENRY LAW, late of Lima,
Peru, deceased.—The relatives (supposing any survivel or other
claimants on the estate of the above are requested to COMMUNI¬
CATE, without delay, with Messrs. Graham, Rowe, and Co., 19, James¬

E.
LOST, in transit from London to Dublin, in the
latter part of February, a CASE, containing Powell's Rheumatic
Embrocation, addressed to Messrs. Hamilton, Oldham, Long, and Co.,
State apothecaries, Dublin. Whoever will deliver the same, unbroken,
to them, or to Mr. Powell, Twickenham, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, yesterday, between Princes-street, Bank, and
Lombard-street, a RUSSIA LEATHER POCKETBOOK, con¬
taining memoranda, &c. Any person finding the same, and taking it
to Mr. Pattison, at No. 31, St. Swithin's-lane, shall receive TEN
SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, a LETTER, containing three Bank of
England notes, posted in Leicester-square on the 23d February,
1869, and addressed to Florence. The numbers and dates of them are
as follows:—55025, 8th January, 1869, £20; 57451, 8th January, 1869,
£20; 12606, 28th January, 1869
They hbeen stopped at the
Bank of England, INFORMATION-to be given to H. T. C., 50, Lei¬
cester-square.
LOST and STARVING DOGS.—The ANNUAL
REPORT of the TEMPORARY HOME (established 1860) may
be had in return for four postage stamps, enclosed with address, to
the Manager, Hollingworth-street, Holloway, N.
LOST, on 24th inst., between 5 and 6 o'clock p.m.,
between Hyde-park-corner (inside the park) and Westbourne¬
cee estbourne-grove, and Blomfield-crescent, a LADYS GOLD
GENEVA WATCH and long NECK CHAIN, with seal and pencil¬
case attached. Any person taking the above to N
Blomfield.
crescent, Harrow-road, shall receive a REWARD of FIVE POUNDS
FIVE POUND NOTE FOUND, near Paddington
Station, on the 8th of March. Owner can have it by giving num¬
ber and paying expenses, by applying to T. H., 3, New Broad-st., E.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £600 Consolidated Three per Cent. An¬
nuities, heretofore standing in the name of Rev. THOMAS HENRY
SHEPHERD, of Clayworth, Notts, and which was transferred to the
said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having
remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1857;—Notice is hereby given,
that on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to Rev. Thomas
Henry Shepherd, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim theret
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of One Dividend on the sum of
£1,496 16s. 11d., Consolidated 3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore stand¬
ing in the name of WILMER WILMER, of Elm-court, Temple, Esq.,
and which Dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of its having remained
unclaimed since the 5th July, 1858;—Notice is hereby given, that on
the expiration of three months from this date, the said Dividend
will be paid to Anne Wilmer, widow, sole executrix of Wilmer Wil¬
mer, deceased, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of
£1,915 13s. 7d. Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore stand¬
ing in the name of SUSANNA FRYER, of Grosvenor-place, Bath,
widow, and which dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of its having remained
unclaimed since the 5th January, 1859;—Notice is hereby given that, on
the expiration of three months from this date, the said Dividend will
be paid to Susanna Fryer, widow, who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
TO JOHN CLAY, of No. 3, Albert-road, Forest-¬
lane, Stratford, Essex, gentleman.—Upon the application of the
solicitors of the plaintiffs in the equity plaint in the Bow County Court
of Middlesex, wherein Emily Shepherd France, widow, Charles White
and Matthew Webb, executrix and executors of Frederick Augustus
Harold France, deceased, are plaintiffs, and you, the said John Clay,
are defendant, the Judge this day ordered that substituted service of the
plaint, dated the 25th February, 1869, for specific performance of a
certain agreement, dated 19th August, 1863, made between you, the
said John Clay, and Frederick Augustus Harold France, deceased (by
which agreement you, the said John Clay, agreed, when required, to
execute to the said Frederick Augustus Harold France, his executors,
administrators, or assigns, a MORTGAGE of certain PROPERTY in
New-street, Chrisp-street, and Grundy-street, Poplar, Middlesex), be
made by public advertisement; in pursuance of such order, you, the
said John Clay, are required to attend the hearing of the said equity
plaint on Friday, the 7th day of May, 1869, at the hour of 1 o'clock in
the afternoon, at the Court-house, in the Bow-road, Middlesex; or
that, in defauit, the Court will proceed in your absence.—Dated this
22d March, 1869.
CHARLES FREDERICK HORE, Registrar.
FRANCE and HELSHAM, 11, Charterhouse-square, E.C.,
Solicitors for the Plaintiffs.
LAWRENCE, Mayor.
ACOURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held in
the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London, on
Tuesday, the 23d day of March, 1869, and in the 32d year of the reign
of Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britam and Ireland,

Persons admitted to act as Brokers within the city of London and its
liberties, viz.:—
Names.
Residences.
George William Foot
t Warnford-c n,
William Ward.
Cushion-court, Old-Broad-street.
Robert Hartnoll Moore Jackman 1, Cushion-court, Old Broad-street.
Graham Edward Henry Manners
Sutton.
Finch-lane.

Robert George Graham7. Fin.

Francis Mitchell Page0
3. George-yard, Lombard-street.
William Harvey Bawtree ..6, Copthall-court.
WOODTHORPE.
OXFORD DIOCESAN SCHOOL, Cowley, near
Oxford.
Visitor—The Lord Bishop of OXFORD.
Terms £27 per annum. No additional charge for school books,
stationery, or tuition.
A prospectus and copy of the address of the Bishop of Oxford to the
pupils at the Annual Examination, with the examination papers, may
be had by enclosing two postage stamps to the Head Master.
ENGINEERING COLLEGE, London.—The
COURSE of INSTRUCTION in CIVIL ENGINEERING Sur¬
veying, Levelling, Use of Instruments, Field Work, &c., will COM¬
MENCE on Wednesday next, March 31st. Terms moderate. For pro¬
spectuses apply to the Principal, at the College, 24, Guildford-street,
Russell-square.
FREECH.—MARIOT de BEAUVOISINS
COURSE of PRACTICAL and CONVERSATIONAL LESSONS
in the London Academy, St. George's-hall, Langham-place, and St.
James's-hall, Piccadilly, is held every Tuesday, for ladies and gentle¬
men, not pupils of the academy. Prospectuses at the Halls, or at
Mariot de Beauvolsin's Private Class Rooms, 78, King William-st., city.
SHORTHAND.—A REPORTING CLASS will
COMMENCE at 20, Paternoster-row, on Thursday evening,
April 8, at half-past 7. Gentlemen who can write Pitman's Phono¬
graphy at the rate of 75 words per minute are eligible to join. Terms
for the complete course of lessons, 10s. 6d.

SCOTTISH INSTITUTION for the EDUCATION

of LADIES, No. 9, Moray-place, Edinburgh.
Directors—Dr. Graham, Mr. John Green, Monsieur Havet.
WANTED, for this well-known Institution, a LADY SUPERIN¬
TENDENT. Though she will not be required to engage in the teach¬
ing of the classes, she must be conversant with female tuition, and
have the education and accomplishments of a lady. Her duties involve
the supervision of the pupils in regard to their conduct, manners, and
regularity of attendance ; the reception of parents and guardians; the
enrolment of pupils and receipt of fees; and the enforcement of the
rules prescribed by the Directors for the general management of the
Institution. These duties will be explained at length to applicants for
the situation: but in order to prevent any unnecessary application it
may be stated in the meanwhile that the age of applicants must be
from 30 to 40 ; that the hours of attendance are from 9 to 4; and that
the successful candidate must be ready to open a house for boarders—it
being understood that no boarders be admitted unless they are pupils
of the Institution. The salary from the Institution is £150 guaranteed,
with a rising scale in proportion to the increase of pupils. This
salary, in addition to what may be derived from the profits of the
boarding house, entitles the Directors to expect applicants of enterprise
and educational experience. The lady chosen must be ready to enter
on her duties on the 1st of October next but it would be advisable
that she should be in Edinburgh towards the close of July, before the
commencement of the holydays, that she may learn from the Directors
the nature of her duties, and make the necessary arrangements for
receiving boarders at the beginning of the ensuing session.
Applications, with references and testimonials, to be forwarded to
the Secretary, Dr. Grabam, No. 1, Moray-place. Edinburgh.
CHIEF OFFICER REQUIRED, for the Thames
Marine Officers training ship Worcester, off Erith, Kent. To
reside on board. Salary £100 per annum, and all rations found. No
applications received after April 3. Applications, stating qualifica¬
tions, age, if married, if family, and number, rank with all certifi¬
cates, to be forwarded to W. M. Bullivant, 114, Fenchurch-street, E.C.
THE JUNIOR CARLTON CLUB will be
CLOSED from Saturday, the 27th inst., until Tuesday, the 20th
of April, on which day the new building will be opened for the use of

During the time the Club is closed letters can be obtained by per¬
sonal application at the porter's desk, 16, Regent-street.
March 25, 1863
JAMES BAKER, Secretary.
M.'S. 46th REGIMENT.—The SERVICE of
ENGRAVED GLASS, made for the Officers' Mess of this Regi¬
ment, will be on SHOW, for a few days, at Pellatt and Co.'s new pre¬
mises, 25, Baker-street.
CAUTION. —Ladies are informed that the only bona
fide improvements in LADIES' SADDLES for hunting
Indian
and colonies, have been made and registered by Messrs. LANGDON,
Duke-street, Manchester-square, London. No agents.
CAUTION.—WOOD TAPESTRY, in lieu of Paint¬
ing or Papering Patent No. 2,138.—HOWARD and SONS,
decorators, of 26 and 27, Berners-street, find it necess ary to caution the
public against any infringement of this patent, as imitations are being
offered for sale, and both purchasers and dealers are liable to the
penalties under the patent laws.—26 and 27, Berners-street. W.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name, Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted and registered achromatic lenses should
apply only direct to them, at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
CAUTION and NOTICE.—T. W. STAPLETON,
wine merchant, 203, Regent-street, corner of Conduit-street, W.—
Letters being constantly misdirected, friends and connexions are re¬
quested to observe the above address. Mr. Stapleton ceased in 1863 to
have any further connexion with 190, Regent-street, and has none with
any other house.
CAUTION.—The CHEF SAUCE.—The success at¬
tending this celebrated condiment (the only sauce creamy and
without sediment) has given rise to mischievous attempts at imitation.
None is genuine without the autograph of ALPHONSE DESPLACE
both on the label and on the strap.—Manufactory, 28, Great Winches¬
ter-street, E.C.
THE public are CAUTIONED against IMITA¬
TIONS of the NEW VELLUM WOVE CLUB-HOUSE NOTE.
This paper has been manufactured to meet the universally experienced
want—i. e., a paper which shall in itself combine a perfectly smooth
surface with total freedom from grease. It is made from the best linen
rags only, possesses great tenacity and durability, and is equally well
adapted for quill or steel pen. Sample packet post free for 18 stamps.
(Signed) PARTRIDGE and COOPER, Sole Manufacturers
nd Vendors, 192, Fleet-street, E.C.
NOTICE of REMOVAL, from 72, Piccadilly.—A.
DAVIS saddler and harness maker, hitherto of 14, Strand, and
No. 72, Piccadilly, has TRANSFERRED the BUSINESS of 72, Picca¬
dilly to 14, Strand, and respectfully solicits all those gentlemen and
families who have hitherto dealt at 72, Piccadilly, to transfer their

NOTICE.—Mr. C. F. HANCOCK, senior partner
of the firm of C. F. Hancock, Son, and Co., 39, Bruton-street,
corner of Bond-street, begs respectfully to inform his patrons that he
will retire from business at the end of the present year; the firm
for the future will consist of his son, Mr. Mortimer Hancock, Mr.
Stewart, and Mr. Dore. In'consequence of the retirement of the senior
partner, the whole of the valuable stock of DIAMONDS, Jewellery,
Plate, and Works of Art, in gold and silver, is now being SOLD at

NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs respectfully to inform her customers and ladies of the nobi¬
lity her establishment will in future be CLOSED at 5 o'clock on
SATURDAYS.—92. Regent-street.
