BUNNY.—A. J. R.—How is the old doe? Afternoon
foxes are scarce. Dont spare the fivers. Write to your bilged¬
up father.
IF the Family of SAMUEL EDWARDS, who was
formerly a Greenwich pensioner, will COMMUNICATE with
M. A., at Enfield, they will hear of something to their advantage.
MR. WILLIAM STEPHEN, if in London, is re¬
quested to COMMUNICATE with Mr. Massey, and to call on
him.—5, Gray's-inn-square, Sept. 27, 1872.
TO PARISH CLERKS and others.—REQUIRED,
the MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE of — WILLINGTON with
SARAH JENNINGS, about the year 1762. The former resided at
Leadenhall-Street. Address R. W., 68, Marquess-road, Canonbury,

MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARED from his
HOME, and was last seen at Newport, near Cardiff, about three
weeks ago, a LAD, 19 years of age (lately from sea), 5 feet 2 inches in
height, rather dark complexion, blue eyes, dark brown gray frieze suit,
midshipman's cap, and has neither luggage nor money.—Pollaky,
No. 13, Paddington-green.
CAPSIZED off Selsey Bill, near Bognor, Sussex, on
Monday, the 26th inst., about 1 p.m., a PLEASURE BOAT,
containing a gentleman and boatman. The latter being an expert
swimmer, reached the shore in safety, reporting he left the gentleman
in a smooth sea, clinging to a board or oar. As several coasting vessels
and colliers were passing near by, in the direction of South or North
Shields, Hartlepool, or other northern stations, it is hoped the unfor¬
tunate gentleman may have been picked up by one of such vessels;
wherefore a REWARD of £30 is offered for the first INFORMA¬
TION as to his present whereabouts, if living; and £20 for the re¬
covery of his body, if dead. Description—5ft, Sin, in height, dark
complexion, dark hair, several moles on shoulder, and brown marks
like burns on each leg, below the knee; wore a gold lever watch and
chain, but no coat or hat, drawers marked W. P. S. Information to
Mr. Pollaky, 13. Paddington-green, W.
HERMANN to GARRICK.—RECEIVED, with
great thankfulness, your DONATION for the sick.
NATIONAL HOSPITAL, 85, Newman-street, W.—
The Earl of Glasgow, Treasurer, ACKNOWLEDGES, with
many thanks, DONATIONS of £5 from Miss Wentworth and £2
from Mrs. Grifliths, in aid of the Special Fund for carrying on the work
of this Charity.—28th September, 187.
LOST, COUPONS OTTOMAN SIX per CENT.
LOAN, 1871, due 10th October, 1872, Nos. 2,336 to 2,425. For
REWARD apply to Messrs. P. Cazenove and Co.—52, Threadneedle¬
street, E.C.
LOST, on Wednesday night, Sept. 25, at the Albert¬
hall, or South Kensington Railway Station, or in a cab, a GOLD
CHAIN WORKED-BRACELET, with enamel locket pendant. If
taken to Horwood's library 40, Tavistock-crescent, Westbourne-park,
a REWARD of ONE POUND wid be given.
LOST.—ONE POUND REWARD.—Lost, in the
Royal Albert-hall, or in the cab which brought three ladies to
Euston-square from the above, on the evening of the 27th, a SMALL,
old-fashioned BROOCH, enamelied, set in diamonds. Whoever takes
the same to 71, Euston-square, shall receive the above reward).
TWO POUNDS REWARD,—LOST, on Friday last,
in or near the Queen's Theatre or in the Strand, a GOLD LOCKET.
containing two portraits, crest and motto engraved on case. Apply
to J. Jeffry, stationer, 7, George-yard, Lombard-street.
TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on
the 26th inst., a RETRIEVER DOG, black with white chest. If
taken to 19, Green-terrace, Clerkenwell, the above reward will be
given.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 26th
inst., between the neighbourhood of Barbican and Fleet-street,
BANK of ENGLAND NOTE (£10), one of the two following num¬
bers, 76,699 and 76,700. Any person taking the same to Messrs. Dewick
and Sons, 46, Barbican, E.C., will receive the above reward
PORTMANTEAU MISSING, colour Black, with
J. A. H. marked in white letters; lost on 11th September. A
REWARD will be given on its restoration to the Superintendent,
Waterloo Station, London.
WHITE ANGORA CAT LOST from 1, Regent¬
street, Waterloo-place, on Friday, the 27th inst. £3 REWARD
will be given on its recovery.
DOG FOUND (followed a gentleman, near the
Swiss Cottage, on the 27th inst.) Owner can have it by de¬
scribing and paying expenses. Apply by letter to A. B., 26, Great St.

COORG SUPERINTENDENTS OFFICE, Mer¬
cara, 30th July, 1872. -PALLETHODOO ESTATE, in Thane¬
lagerimoornad, of the Kiggutnad Talook, in the province of Coorg.—
Notice is hereby given, that an application has been made by Mr.
W. C. Dawson for permission to RESIGN to Government a PORTION
of the ESTATE described above. Any person or persons interested
in the Estate who may OBJECT to the RESIGNATION being ac¬
cepted are hereby required to make known their objections to the
undersigned within six mouths from the date of this notice, on the
expiry of whicli period the application in question will be finarly dis¬
posed of.
H. G. THOMSON, Officiating Superintendent.
NOTICE.—Notice is hereby given that on the second
day of December next application will be made to Her Majesty's
Justices of the Peace assemble at the General Sessions of the Peacce
in and for the County or Middlesex at the Sessions House on Clerken¬
well Green in the said County for an ORDER for the STOPPING UP
as unnecessary of a certain Highway known as NEW GROSVENOR
PLACE and the thoreuuhfare leading out of it at right angles in con¬
tinuation of a certam other Highway known as Woods Bruldings Pim¬
lico in the parish of paint George Hanover Square in the County of
Middlesex and that the Certificate of two Justices having viewed the
same, and proof given to their satisfaction of the several Notices re¬
quired by the Statute having been published, with the pian of the old
Highway will be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County
on the thirtieth day of October next.—Dated this twenty eignth day of
September in the year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and
seventy two.
J. H. SMITH Vestry Clerk.
BROOF of GUN BARRELS.—NOTICE as to
OFFENCES and PENALTIES.—To Merchants, Shippers, Cus¬
tom-house Agents, Pawnbrokers, Makers of or Dealers in Guns, Pistols.
or other Small Arms, and to all other persons whom it may concern.—
The Guardians of the birmingham Proof-house hereby give notice as
follows, viz:—
1. The Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1868 (31 and 32 Victoria, chap. 113,
Local), constitutes the sale, exchange, or exportation, or the exposing
or keeping for sale, exchange, or exportation, of any small firm of
which the barrel or barrels have not been duly proved and marked as
proved, according to the said Act, an offence, and makes the offender
liable to a penalty of not exceeding £20 for every unproved barrel,
half the penaity going to the informer.
2. Pawning or pledging, or taking in pawn or pledge, small arms with
unproved barrels is made a similar offence, and is attended with a
similar penalty.
3. Any attempt to sell, exchange, or export, or to pawn or pledge
small arms with unproved barrels is also an offence, and is attended
with a similar penalty.
4. The Government mark (commonly known as the Tower mark),
and which often remains upon barrels purchased from Government,
does not exempt them from liability to proof under the said Act,
unless the regulations of section 119 are strictly complied with.
5. The Act extends to imported foreign arms. Notice in writing of
the importation must be given and the barrels sent for proof, unless
the arins imported are intended only for conversion and export; but
even the notice is requisite. Foreign arms, bearing a registered
foreign proof mark, are exempt. (Under this head, refer to sections
132 and 134, &c.)
6. The Guardians have prosecuted many persons under the Act, and
are determined to uphold its provisions strictly. Under two very recent
prosecutions the penalties inflicted were, in the one case £20, and in
the other £70, notwithstanding that in both cases the defendants
pleaded entire ignorance of the law.
7. And the said Guardians hereby further give notice that upon
trustworthy information of any offence or offences against the Act,
they will lat their discretion) prosecute, and upos conviction, liberally
reward their informant.
S. Information may be given to the undersigned, or to Mr. Joseph
March, the Proof Master of the said Guardians, at their Proof-house,
in Banbury-street, Birmingham. By order,
WILLIAM S. ALLEN, 35, Waterloo-street, Birmingham, Law
Clerk to the Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house.
Birmingham, 1st September, 1872.
HAYDOCK-LODGE ASYLUM.—Dr. LISTER,
medicat proprietor of the above Asylum, is desirous of notifying
to the medical profession and public generaily, that the statement
made in some of the papers to the effect that the Asylum was totally
destroyed by fire is incorrect. Fortunately, it was only a portion of the
building that was burnt, and Dr. Lister is in a position to receive pri¬
vate patients as before. The part destroyed is in process of reconstruc¬
tion, and in the course of a short time will be completely restored.
DUC de MONTEBELLOS CHAMPAGNES.—
Caution.—Whereas, an INJUNCTION in Chancery has been
obcained in the cause "Duc de Montebello y Gemmer," restraining
the defendant and all others from selling or parting with sundry cases
of Rhenisu wine, imported from Rotterdam, containing, bottles bearing
imitation Due de Montebello's labels and corss, and further proui¬
biting the importation or sale of all wines bearing such imitation labely
or corks; and whereas in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Jebens,"
tried in the Tribunal Correctionuel of Havre, a parcel of 250 cases.
containing 3,000 bottles of wine, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello
labels and corks, seized by the French Customs' authorities (the said
spurious wines having been sent from Germany and Havre to be
thence shipped to England, and thus through the colourable importa¬
tion from a French port to avoid detection on arrival here), were ad¬
judged to be coufiscated; all persons are hereby cautioned against deal¬
ing with spurious champagues, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello
labels and corks.
TAMPLIN and TAYLER, 159, Fenchurch-Street, E.C.,
Solicitors to the Due de Montebelle
R. SYMONDS and SON, 3, Ingram-court, 167, 168, Fen¬
church-street, E.C., Agents to the Duc de Montebello.
DUC de MONTEBELLO'S CHAMPAGNES.—
R. SYMONDS and SON direct especial attention to the pre¬
ceding CAUTION, as renewed attempts are being made to introduce
spurious wines, bearing forged Duc de Montebello labels and corks.
The genuine Duc de Montebello's Champagnes can be obtained of any
respectable wine merchant in town or country.
QUIS ROEDERERS CHAMPAGNE.—
CAUTION.—Whereas an Injuuction in Chancery has been ob¬
tained in the cause of "Roederer v. Stein," restraining the defendant,
Otto Stein, his servants and agents from selling any wine not produced
by the plaintiff, Louis Reederer, in bottles corked with corks having
branded thereon a brand, which is a copy of or only colourably differing
from the brand of the said Louis Roederer in the Bill or Complaint
mentioned (being the brand used by the said Louis Roedererin order to
distinguish the wine produced by him, and known as Louis Roe¬
derer's Carte Blanche Champagne), or which, contrary to the fuct, re¬
present or have the appearance, or lead to the belief that such
bottles contain the wine called Louis Roederer's Carte Blanche Cham¬
pagne, and produced by the said Louis Roederer, or in bottles bearing
or having affixed thereto any label similar to or only colourably
differing from the label made or used by the said Louis Roederer
as in the said bill mentioned, and also from selting, exporting.
consigning, or offering for sale any wine not produced by the said
Louss Roederer in such manner or form as to represent or iead to the
belief that the same has been produced by the said Louis Roederer;
now all persons are hereby cautioned against dealing with spurious
Champagnes bearing imitation Louis Roederer corks and labels: and
notice is hereby expressly given, that proceedings will impiediately be
instituted against all persons found dealing with wines bearing such
imitation corks and labe.s.
T. RUSSEL KENT, 8, Serjeants'-inn, Fleet-street, Solicitor
to Loms Roederer, of Reims.
CHARLES GRAINGER, 108, Fenchurch-street, E.C., Agent
toe thesaid Louis Roederer
MESSRS, CHARLES FRODSHAM and Co.,
Watch, Clock, and Chronometer Makers to the Queen and
H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, 84. Strand, corner of Cecil-street,
beg to inform their customers and the public that, the alteratious
to their premises being now completed, business is carried on as
usual.
NOTICE.—Mr. STREETER finds it necessary to
state that the £2 BRIDESMAID's LOCKET, with monogram.
and the £5 bracelet—specialities of his machine-made manufactures—
are of 13 carat gold (guaranteed), and can only be obtained at his esta¬
blishment, 37, Connuit-street, Bond-street, London, W.
NOTICE.—The Emperor of the Brazils, Dom Pedro
If., has appointed Mr. JOHANN MARIA FARINA. Julich's
Platz No. 4, at Cologne, patent purveyor of EAU de COLOGNE to the
Imperial Court. London depot, 23, Mark-lane, E.C.
NOTICE.—Mr. THORNHILL begs to inform the
nobility and gentry that the business is continued, as usual,
during the extensive alterations now in progress at his establishment,
No. 144, New Bond-street.
NOTICE. — Mr. ROGERS. Surgeon Dentist
(M.R.C.S.E., L.D.S.), begs to announce his REMOVAL from
No. 18, New Burlington-street, to 30, New Cavendish-Street, Portland¬
place, between Wimpole-street and Harley-street.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—The old-established
BUSINESS of H. SEWARD and Co., 15 and 16, Blackman¬
street, Borough, has been REMOVED to G. M. and H. J. Story's whole¬
sale and export cabinet war liouse, 33, London-wali, and 2, Coleman¬
street, E.C.
NOTICE. — Rebuilding of Premises.—FINDLATER,
MACKIE, and Co. sarry on business as usual, having re¬
meved their large stock of wines and spirits into the fine cellars under
the new flower-market. Temporary office in hoarding, 33, Wellington¬
street, Covent-garden, W.C.
FORGED and DECEPTIVE MARKS are exten¬
sively used to induce purchasers of plated wares to buy articles
of very inferior quality offered for sale as "Elkington's best Electro¬
plate." The undersigned wish to warn the public against purchasing
such goods, and will be at all times glad to verify any that may be
sent for that purpose to either of their establishments, viz:—No. 22,
Regent-street, London; 45, Moorgate-street, London; 25, Church
street, Liverpool; 6, St. Ann's-square, Manchester; or the Manufac¬

INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION 1872.—Messrs.
HANCOCKS and Co. of Bruton-street), jewellers, goldsmiths, and
silversmiths to the Queen and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg
to announce that in consequence of the approaching close of the Inter¬
national Exhibition, the whole of their EXHIBITS are now for SALE,
at reduced prices for cash.
