O022.—Very sorry I could not manage it yester¬
ay. Will try same times to-day (Friday).
NOPE.— Precious one, how distressing recent events
and disappointments. Wednesday the climax. Pray, dearest
give an appointment early in the week.
WOODHAM.—If Mr. WOODHAM will COM¬
MUNICATE with Mrs. Shearman, 39, Douglas-place, Queen's
road, Bayswater, he will HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVAN¬
TAGE, and serve a friend in trou
E.—The LETTER you left breaks my heart. Onck
word spoken would have changed all. Have merey, and come
back to us. Nothing can ever alter the love which has entirely re¬
turned, and which implores you to forgive as you are forgiven.—H.
IF this should MEET the EYE of Dr. ROBERT
RICHARD SMITH, Professor of Elocution, LL.D., he will, by
addressing a few lines to Frederick York Smith.
ngin¬
wear Dastmouth, Devonshire, HEAR of SOMETHING to his AD¬
VANTAGE.
THE SECRETARY of the UNITED KINGDOM
BENEFICENT ASSOCIATION, 5, Red Lion-square, mos
sincerely THANKS all those kind friends who have so generously con¬
tributed to the Fancy Fair which is to be held at the Pavilion, Brighton,
under Royal patronage, on October 25 and 26.
MR. JOHN HENRY WEBSTER.—WANTED, by
an old friend, the ADDRESS or NEWS of the above gentle¬
man. He left England in 1848, with Mr. Luis Derwent Carrera, for
Guayaquil. Address H. H., Laburnum-cottage, Bedfont, near Hounslow,
Middlesex.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—ESCAPED
from the CUSTODY of the Sheriff of Middlesex, Bream's-build-
ings Chancery-lane on Monday morning, the 21st of October instant,
WILLIAM M. DOLBY, alias WILLIAM ASHTON, of Warren-gate¬
lodge, South Mimms, Middlesex. Description:—Height 5ft. Sin.,
about 32 years of age, proportionately built, large head, fair complexion,
sandy whiskers and moustachios, curled at the ends, and is in the habit
of twisting them while in conversation blueish-gray eyes, good teeth,
smiling and plausible manners; well known in field sports and as a
breeder of prize poultry; dressed, when last seen, in dark tweed shoot.
ing suit. Whoever will give such INFORMATION as will lead to his
apprehension shall receive the above reward upon application to Mr.
Levy. 62, Chancery-lane.
LOST, in transmission through the post, from Liver¬
pool, on 23d August, 1867, a LETTER, addressed to London,
containing a bank post bill, No.6,073, dated 23 Aug., at 7 days after,
payable to Mr. Turquand, and not endorsed. Payment is stopped, and
bankers and others are warned agaist negotiating or dealing with the
said bill.—579, Coleman-Street, Oct. 24, 1867.
TURKISH LOAN, 1854.—LOST, COUPONS—
D 505, D 631, D 1,248, D 1,290, respectively due 10th October, 1865
and Turkish Loan, 1858—Coupon D 498, due 1st September, 1865.
Whoever will bring all or any of the above coupons to H., 31, Albert-¬
street, Penton-street, Pentonville, shall be handsomely REWARDED
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 22d
October, between Soho and Southwark-bridge-road, TWO WEST
INDIA DOCK WARRANTS, Nos. 1,449 and 1,450. Both stopped.
Whoever will bring the same to 99, Southwark-bridge-road, shall re¬
ceive the above reward.
BING LOST.—ONE POUND REWARD.—
DROPPED, on Wednesday evening, about 7 o'clock, either in
Old Broad-street or in a Hansom cab between Broad-street and Cano¬
burg
tting out at the top of Canonbury-terrace, a SINGE
STONE TURQUOISE RING. Apply to Mr. Johnson, jeweller, 54,
Threadneedle-street.
SKYE TERRIER DOG.—STRAYED from Por¬
chester-terrace, Bayswater, on Sunday morning (supposed to have
followed a lady down the Bayswater-road), a young DOG, sandy¬
grayish colour, with a good upper sprinkling of long black hair, darkish
e
to e e e e o e o
"Lorn." ONE POUND REWARD will be paid if restored to E.
Elfick, stationer, 22, Leinster-terrace, Lancaster-gate.
TO BANKERS, Stockbrokers, and others. — FIFTY
POUNDS REWARD.—The undermentioned BONDS of the
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT having been recently STOLEN
from a firm in New York, and as the said Bonds may be offered for
sale in this country, bankers and others are CAUTIONED against
purchasing the same; and are further requested, in case of their being
presented, to give information to the undersigned:—
Bond, No. 121,52400

No. 170,900.

Bond, No. 170,9010


Bond
1,000
Bond, No. 101,564.

 Bond, No. 101,566 500
H. STARR and Co., 145, Cheapside, London.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c.—A
REGISTER, containing the names of all persons who have been
advertised for to claim property since 1749, 2s.; post free 25 stamps.—
DOUGAL and Co., 58. Cheapside, E.C
MEDICAL GENTLEMEN desirous of ASSIST¬
ING the FREE LABOUR BENEFIT SOCIETY, upon the
same terms as the Odd Fellows and Foresters, ar

COMMUNICATE with the Honorary Secretary, at the Head Offices,
No. 9, Victoria-chambers, Westminster, S.W.
DRAINAGE REFORM.—ST. LEONARD's-ON¬
SEA (WEST).—The new system of drainage perfected for St.
Leonard's proper by Mr. Bazalgette, C.E., has been in working order



INLAND REVENUE, Somerset-house, London,
24th October, 1867.
THE Commissioners of Inland Revenue hereby give
notice, that LISTS containing the names of all persons who have
taken out LICENCES to KILL and DEAL in GAME in the current
year, to 30th September last, inclusive, have been printed for each Ex¬

A cony of the list, applicable to any district, may be obtained gratis
on application at the offices of the respective Collectors or Supervisors
of Inland Revenue, distributors or sub-distributors of stamps, by whom
licences are issued.
The Commissioners further give notice that instructions have been
issued to their officers to take the necessary steps to prefer informations
for penalties against all persons found in pursuit of or dealing in game
without licence.
WM. CORBETT, Secretary.
THE BOMBAY MODY INSURANCE COM¬
PANY of 1863-1865, being now under final settlement, we, the
undersigned, as agents for the above Company, hereby give notice
that all parties having CLAIMS on the above Company under policies
issued during the abovementioned period, upon voyages to ports of the
United Kingdom, must lodge a statement of the same with us within
15 days from the date hereof, as such claims will not thenceforth be
entertained.


D. D. CURRANEE.
No. 82, Gresham-house, London, E.C., 24th October, 1867.
PARISH of HENDON.—At a VESTRY held in
the Vestry-room at the Greyhound Inn, in this parish, on Wed¬
nesday, the 18th day of September, 1867, and thence continued by
adjournment to Wednesday, the 16th day of October, 1867, of which
due notice was previously given, it was resolved, by 30 votes to 22.—
"That an area, including all that part of the parish of Henden, in the
county of Middlesex, and delineated on the map now produced, be,
and is hereby formed into, a special drainage district, within the mean¬
ing of the Sanitary and Sewage Utilization Acts of 1865, 1866, and
WM. S. TOOTELL. Vestry Clerk of the said
Parish of Hendon.
TRADE UNIONS claim as their Magna Charta the
right of every man to work or not to work, to strike or not to
strike, to combine or not to combine, as he pleases; but the very basis
of their operations is the compulsion they put upon every man to join
their combination whether he likes it or not, to strike when he is
ordered, and to work or leave off working, not according to his own
will, but in obedience to an executive council, the members of which
may be inferior men to himself in every respect.
In order to rescue working men from this tyranny, and to supply
them with a real benefit society, based on sound principles, which will
not break down in the day of trial, a FREE LAROUR REGISTRA¬
TION SOCIETY has been formed in Westminster. Besides relief in
ckness, &c., its objects are:—
"To secure to its members the free exercise of their right to dispose
of their labour or capital upon whatever terms, and unider whatever
circumstances they may individually and independently think fit;
and, in order to assist members to obtain employment, a registry is
and shall be kept of all members requiring employment, from which
employers are and shall be invited to engage their hands."
In the furtherance of these objects there are rules which provide for
the submission of all disputes which may arise between the workmen
registered by this Society and their employers to arbitration, under the
provisions of Lord St. Leonard's Act.
This Society which has been ably organised numbers 4,000 members.
Of course to be useful the co-operation of employers is necessary. Con¬
sidering the great advantages this movement cannot fail to confer upon
the community, by freeing both masters and men from union tyranny.
it is rather surprising that it has not been supported more largely by
the employers of labour and the public generally. To spread more
widely the knowledge of its advantages, and to indefinitely increase the
number of members, and of course its usefulness, a considerable out¬
lay is requisite, which must be covered by outside subscriptions. We
therefore commend this important movement to the sympathy and
support of our readers. If taken up with spirit there will be no diffi¬
cuity in establishing branches at all the great centres of industry, and in¬
deed everywhere in the United Kingdom. When this is done, the
Unionists will find that although noione disputes their right to combine
they will be obliged to limit the objects of their combination to those
which are legitimate and harmless and which respect the rights and
opinions of those who differ from them."—Mining Journal, Oct. 19.
THE GUN-BARREL PROOF ACT, 1855.—
FOREIGN PROOF MARKS.—Notice is hereby given, that the
Government of His Majesty the King of the Belgians has, in pur¬
suance of the provisions of the Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1855, duly
Registered the Belgian Proof Marks for Barrels of Small Arms at
the Proof-house of the Birmingham Company; and that the Register
of Foreign Proof Marks belonging to that Company is open for public
inspection without charge at all reasonable times at the Proof-house
of the Birmingham Company, situate in Banbury-street, Birmingham.
And notice is hereby further given, that the former registry of the
Belgian Proof Marks, made in the month of August, 1857, has been
recalled and cancelled. — Dated this 23d day of October, 1867.
WILLIAM S. ALLEN, Law Clerk to the Guardians
of the Birmingham Proof-hou.
THE GUN-BARREL PROOF ACT, 1855.—
FOREIGN PROOF MARKS.—Notice is hereby given, that the
Government of His Majesty the King of the Belgians has, in pursuance
of the provisions of the Gun-barrel Proof Act. 185, duly registered
the Belgian Proof Marks for Barrels of Small Arms at the Proof¬
house of the Gunmakers' Company of London, and that the Register
of Foreign Proof Marks belonging to that Company is open for public
inspection, without charge, at all reasonable times, at the Proof-house
of the Gunmakers' Company of London, situate in Church-lane,
Whitechapel.
And notice is hereby further given, that the former Registry of the
Belgian Proof Marks made in the month of August, 1857, has been
recalled and cancelled. — Dated this 24th day of October, 1867.
GEO. RUTHERFORD, Clerk of the Gunmakers Company
non o onnon
TRADE MARK.—The public is CAUTIONED
against imitations of our Octagon Trade Mark, with "Nogatco"
in centre, which is our exclusive property in the manufacture and sale
of scarfs, ties, shirts, and collars The full penalties of "The Mer¬
chandise Marks Act, 1862" will be enforced in case of piracy,
LLOYD and ATTREE, 32 and 33, Wood-street, London.
CAUTION.—NICHOLAY and SON, the Court
furriers, 82, Oxford-street, of nearly a century standing, announce
they have NO BRANCH or other ESTABLISHMENT, as advertise¬
ments are appearing unscrupulously assuming their well-known style,
designation, and trade mark of Court furriers, as authorized by Her
Majesty's Royal warrant granted to them.
CAUTION.—J. W. BENSON, watch and clock
manufacturer by special appointment to H.R.H. the Prince of
Wales, begs to CAUTION the public against purchasing watches or
clocks bearing his name and said to be of his make, except at his only
places of business, 58 and 60, Ludgate-hill, 25, Old Bond-street, 99, West¬
bourne-grove, and 164, Tottenham-court-road. J. W. Benson will
also be glad of any information concerning any persons so offering
such spurious goods for sale, in order that legal proceedings may be at
once instituted against them.
ROMFORD BREWERY, October 7, 1867.—IND,
COOPE, and Co. have much pleasure in informing the publich
that they are now able to take off the addition which they were com¬
led to make to the prices of their ales last October.
NOTICE.—Holborn Valley Improvements.—Messrs
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA, Opticians and Meteorological In¬
strument Makers, beg to state that they have REMOVED from No.1, to
tomporary premises) No. 103, Hatton-garden, E.C.,
NOTICE.—PELLATT and Co., glass manufacturers
to the Queen have REMOVED their BUSINESS and DEPOT
for MINTON's CHINA from the Baker-street Bazaar to new premise
opposite, at 25, Baker-street.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE OFFICE.—THOMAS
BALCHIN, 21 years city detective officer, is prepared to under
take private, confidential, and important inquiries with secrecy and
despatch. Terms resonable.-36, Lombard-st. (entrance in Plough-court)
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, 2, Southampton-¬
buildings, Holborn.—Mr. BENTLEY (late Sheriff's officer), having
had 20 years' experionce, undertakes inquiries of all kinds requiring

NICE or MENTONE.—A lady, about revisiting
the South of France, will be happy to become the ESCORT of
one or two LADIES who may be desirous of a cheerful companior
and warm residence for the winter months. An invalid not objected to
Most satisfactory references given and required. Address A.V., post¬
office, King William-street, E.C.
JERUSALEM, Egypt, and Mount Sinai.—A clergy¬
man, anxious to revisit these deeply interesting countries, will be
happy to JOIN a small PARTY of two, four, or six. Proposed route
Egypt, the Nile, Red Sea, the peninsula of Mount Sinai, including
Sarabut el Khardem, and Petiaa, thence to Hebron and Jerusalem,
and possibly Da masous and Palmyra. Address Cantab, 3, Oak-villas
Hampster.
OR those wh REQUIRE a WARML—G E
MATE.—A medical man (married) is desirous of taking an
INVALID, with him and his wife, to the south of France, for, the
winter. References will be given. Address C. M., post-bffice, Scend,
Melksham, Wilts.
