MUNCTION.—I noticed.—C.
THROUGH serious misfortunes my cireumstances
ar totally altered. I am absolutely dependent on my friends
Remember your promise. —I
ST. GEORGE's HOSPITAL.—The Secretary begs
to ACKNOWLEDGE, with thanks, a DONATION from
H. M. for kindness received in 1866.
MENRY KING.—Madame Vivier, of Moncontour,
wishes to know your ADDRESS, relative to a remittance from
in 1861.
BE JAMES TROUP, formerly of Cheapside, Lon¬
don, jeweller, then of Lambeth and Brighton, and lately of Hast¬
ings, Esq., deceased.—INFORMATION is requested from solicitors,
ankers, and others respecting any WILL made by the above. Address
Mr. Weall, solicitor 5, Bell-yard, Doctors'-commons, E.C.
SHOULD this MEET the EYE of Mr. AMELIUS
HITCHINS,son of Capt. Henry Thomas Hitchins, and known
among his friends a Jack Hitchins, late of New York, an old friend,
just arrived from the States, would be glad to SEE or COMMUNICATE
with him. Any person knowing the present address of Mr. Amelius
Hithins, or his father ort mother, will oblige by forwarding the same to
C. B., 6, Carlton-street, Kentish-town, N.W.
CAPTAIN S. J. TABOR.—The NEXT of KIN
of this deceased, who died in the year 1849, are requested to
COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Lawford and Waterhouse, of Drapers'-¬
hall, 28, Austinfriars, London, E.C., solicitors to the Administrator¬
General of Bengal, upon the subject of the deceased's effects.
CH.
. B..All is forgiven if
you return at once, and perhaps the matter relating to C—
may be arranged. —June 21st, 1867.
LEFT his HOME, Ch.
B
on
Tuesday the 18th inst. 17 years of age, 5 feet in helght, slight
built, haggard looks, fair complexion, and has a sear on the inside of
left foot; was dressed in a black cloth frock coat, speckled trousers,
dark scarf with gold pin set with single garnet, a small silver watch
attached to a jet guard. Was last seen entering the Great Northern
Railway, King's-cross, carrying a small black bag and black walking
stick. INFORMATION of his whereabouts to be given Mr. Pollaky,
Private Inquiry office, 13, Paddington-green, W.
LOST, a SMALL BUNCH of KEYS, three or four
patent. Whoever will take the same, to 35, Russell-square, shall
receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, a LEATHER HATBOX, marked with a red
and white stripe. Whoever will take it to Under Porter's lodge,
Inner Temple, E.C., shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
LOST, on Whit-Monday, in the neighbourhood of
New Bond-street, or of Glocester-terrace, Hyde-park, an OVAL
SILVER MEDAL, of small value except to the owner, who will
liberally REWARD the finder. Write to G. M. B., post-office, Har¬
row-on-hill.
WEYS.—LOST, on the 20th inst., a BUNCH of
seven or eight small KEYS on chain. FIVE SHILLINGS RE¬
WARD if taken to Mr. G. Smith, 92 Watling-street, E.C.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Thurs¬
day night last, a BUNCH of KEYS, between Cavendish-square
nd Welbeck-street. Whoever will return the same to J. Alder,
No. 20, Welbeck-street, shall receive the above rews

TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, near Maiden¬
head, on Tuesday, 18th of June, a PLAIN GOLD RING, with
two emeralds and three diamonds. Whoever will send the same to Mr.
Cotton, Thomas's Hotel, Berkeley-square, London, shall receive the

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in the neigh¬
borhood of Pelbam-crescent, Brompton, a SKYE TERRIER,
white and gray, with white feet, large head; answers to the name of
"Pickles." Any person taking him to 25, Pelham-crescent, shall
receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in Portland¬
place, orn,
taafternoon of the 20th inst., a small, LONG¬
HAIRED TERRIER BITCH, answers to the name of "Topsy," and
constantly sits up begging. Whoever brings the same to 11, Grafton¬
street. Bond-street, shall receive the above reward.
PUG DOG LOST, in Rotten-row, on Wednesday,
the 19th of June. He is a large red dog, half bred, with large eyes,
black face, cropped ears, very intelligent-looking, objects to be touched.
answers to the name of "Sam;" had on brass collar, with owner's
name and address; would find his way home from any part of town,
is fond of and follows horses. All persons are cautioned against pur¬
chasing him, as he would be recognized immediately, and any infor¬
mation of him would be gratefully received by Mrs. F. A. A., care of
Mr. Marler, No. 1, Charles-street, Lowndes-square, S.W.
FOUND, a BLACK SETTER. Followed a carriage
from Hyde-park-corner to 12. Bolton-row, late on Thursday night.
Will be restored to the owner on application at the above address.
FOUND, in Bond-Street, Sunday, June 16, 1867, a
BLACK and TAN BITCH, with ears rounded. Can be had, by
paying all expenses, at 6, Old Bond-Street. If not claimed before the
27th inst. it will be SOLD to defray expensess.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of
£1,800 Reduced £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the
name of Hon. Lady MARIANNE MARGARET ALFOR, of Princes¬
gate, Hyde-park, widow, and which dividend was paid over to the Com¬
missioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence
of its having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1857;—Notice
is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from this
date, the said Dividend will be paid to Lady Marianne Margaret Al¬
ford, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner
appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN CHANCERY : between ELIZABETH ANN
SIDNEY, plaintiff, and ALGERNON SIDNEY, defendant.—Take
notice, that by an order made by his Hon. Vice-Chancellor Malins, on
the 13th day of June, 1867, an INJUNCTION was awarded to restrain
the abovenamed defendant, Algernon Sidney, until further order, from
selling or otherwise disposing of or attempting to sell or otherwise dis¬
pose, of the unsold property comprised in an affidavit of the defendant,
made in the Court of Probate and Divorce and filed 1st July, 1865, and
in these pleadings mentioned, or any other unsold property of the de¬
fendant, and from receiving the purchase money or any part thereof of
such property of the defendant (if any) as may have been sold, but of
which the purchase money has not been received.
CUTLER and TURNER, 29, Bedford-square, Solicitors
for the Plaintiff.
To the above named defendant, Algernon Sidney, and to all others
whom it may cone n
THE JENNINGS PROPERTY.—As the period for
the final settlement of the claim respecting this immense pro¬
perty is approaching, all persons who are descendants from any of the
ancestors of William Jennings, or who belong to any of the several
other families connected by intermarriage with the Jennings' family,
are hereby informed that many valuable particulars, memoirs, re¬
cords, and data, which may be of great assistance to claimants, are
publi hed in RESEARCHES RESPECTING FAMILY HISTORY
and ESTATES in ABEYANCE. Second edition. Price 3s., or sent
free for 38 postage stamps. Address J. H. Fennell, 49, Milbank-¬
teet, near the Houses of Parliament.
IN the Matter of certain LETTERS PATENT,
grantedi to ROBERT ANGUS SMITH, of Manchester, in the
ounty of Lancaster, doctor of philosophy, and ALEXANDER
McDOUGALL, of the same place, manufacturing chymist, for an in¬
vention of "Improvements in treating, deoderizing, and disinfecting
sewage and other offensive matter, which said improvements are also
applicable to deoderizing and disinfecting in general," beaving date
at Westminster the 20th day of January, 1854, No. 142.—Notice is
hereby given, that it is the intention of the abovenamed ALEXANDER
McDOUGALL, who has aione worked and been solely interested in
the said invention during the whole term of the said Letters Patent,
and to whom the said Letters Patent have been duly assigned, to pre¬
sent a PETITION to Her Majesty in Council praying Her Majesty to
GRANT a PROLONGATION of the TERM of the said LETTERS
PATENT. And notice is hereby further given, that on the 20th day
of July next, or on such subsequent day as the Judical Committee of
Her Majesty's Privy Council shall appoint for that purpose, application
will be made to the said Committee that a time may be fixed for hear¬
ing the matter of the said petition; and any person desirous of being
heard in opposition to the said petition must enter a caveat to that
effect in the Privy Council-office, on or before the said 20th day of July
hext. —Dated this 14th day of June, 1867.
J. HENRY JOHNSON, 47, Lincoln's-inn-fields, London, W. C.,
Solicitor for the Petitioner.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 97.—Highbridge Manor
Farm Estate, in the parish of Wappenham, Northampton.—
In the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 63, notice
hereby given that on the application of FLEETWOOD PELLEW
WILSON, of No. 34, Alpha-road, Regent's-park, in the county of Mid¬
dlesex, Esquire, and ROBERT DUNDAS, of No. 14, Gloucester-place,
Hyde-park, in the same county, Doctor of Medicine, the Registrar
intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the date
hereof, to REGISTERt with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITA¬
MENTS called or known as the Highbridge Manor Farm Estate, in the
parish of Wappenham, in the county of Northampton, containing
323a. 0r. 16p., or thereabouts, in the tenures or occupations of William
Cowper and Thomas Jones, intersected by the Midland Counties and
South Wales Junction Railway, and by the public road from Weedon
Lois to Wappenham, and delineated on the map No. 97, deposited in
the Office of Land Registry, as part of the description of the same here¬
ditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with the mines and
minerals under the same. If any person objects to, or desire to show
cause against, such registration, or claims that the same should be sub¬
ject to any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate
or incumbrance, charge or lability, not already proved or admitted
before the Registrar, should be entered on the register, such person
may be heard at the Offic, of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn¬
fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three months, per¬
sonally or by his solicitor or counsell, or by affidavit or etherwise, to
make such objection to or to show cause against, or to make such claim
in respect of such registration. But any person desiring to make such
objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particu¬
lars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the said office
before the expiration of the said three months, otherwise he will be
excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map may be inspected
at the said office at any time before the expiration of the said thres
months. — Dated this 22d day of June, 1867.
O. D. MORDAUNT. Chief Clerk.
HENRY E. BROWN, Solicitor to the Applicants, 4, Lincoln's¬

MAND REGISTRY.—No. 358.—Galley Meads
Estate, Stanwell, Middlesex.—In the matter of the Act of 25th
and 26th Victoria, chap. 53 notice is hereby given, that on the appli¬
cation of PERCY GROVE ISOTSON the elder PERCY GROVE
IHOTSON the younger, and HENRY PERCY IBOTSON, all of Poyle
Mills, Colnbrook, in the county of Bucks, paper manufacturers, the
Registrar intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the
date hereof to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE, the HERE¬
DITAMENTS called or known as Galley Meads Estate, at or near
Colnbrook or Ridgworth-end, in the parish of Stanwell, in the county
of Middlesex, containing 16a. 2r. 15p. or thereahouts, in the tenures or
occupations as to the Parsonage-house, part thereof of the Reverend
Edward Josiab Evans, and as to the residue of George Smith, situate
near the river Colne, at Mad-bridge, and adjoining towards the south
on the turnpike road from Colubrook to London, and which said here¬
ditaments are delineated on the map No. 358, deposited in the Office of
Land Registry as part of the description of the same hereditaments,
and thereon edged with red, together with the mines and minerals
under the same. If any person objects to, or desire to show cause
against, such registration, or claims that the same should be subject to
any conditiong or reservations, or that any particular estate or incum¬
brance, charge or liability, not already proved of admitted before the
Registrar, should be entered on the register, such person may be heard
at the office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time
before the expiration of the said three months, personally or by his
solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection
to or to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect of such re¬
gistration. But any person desiring to make such objection or claim
must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and
with his name and address thereto, in the said office before the expira¬
tion of the said three months, otherwise he will be excluded from
making the same. The aforesaid map may be inspected at the said
office at any time before the expiration of the said three months.—
Dated this 22d day of June, 1867.
LO. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
RALPH SPICER, Solie.
to e te t e e i anat , Greaet
Marlow, Bucks.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 299.—Cookham, Berks.—
In the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chan. 53.
notice is hereby given, that on the application of JAMES DANIEL
MORLING PEARCE, of Maidenhead, in the county of Berks, school¬
master, the Registrar intends, at the expiration of three calendar
months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible
TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS, in the parish of Cookham, in the
county of Berks, containing 28a. 2r. Ip., or thereatonts, partly in hand
and partly in the tenures or occupations of William Brooks, D. L.
Glanchy, J. D. Rawlings, Miss Jackson, W. S. Ward, and the Rev. J.
Macfarlane, cemprising Nos. 1 to 6 (both inclusive), Crauford-villas.
and part of Garden-cottages, near the juuction of the London and
Reading road with that leading to Cookham; also certain lands adjoin¬
ing Cookham-common, known as Blackamoor meadows, and other
lands, formerly part of Maidenhead Middle-field and Maidenhead
Upper-field, and which said hereditaments, except Blackamoor
meadows, were alloted, under the Cookham Inclosure Award, to
William Whitaker Maitland Esquire and numbered in the plan
thereto 257, 159, 147, 148, and 152; and all which said hereditaments are
delineated on the map No. 299, deposited in the Office of Land
Registry as part of the description of the same hereditaments,
and thereon edged with red, together with the mines and minerals
under the same. If any person object to, or desire to show cause
against, such registration, or claim that the same should be sub¬
ject to any conditions or reservations, or that any particular es¬
tate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved or
admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the regis¬
ter, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the
said three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by aff-
davit or otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against,
or to make such claim in respect of, such registration, But any person de¬
siring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing,
stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto,
in the said office before the expiration of the said three months other¬
wise he will be excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map¬
may be inspected at the said orfice at any time before the expiration
f the said three months. — Dated this 22d day of June, 1867.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
J. D. M. PEARCE. Applicant in person.
