IF Mr. WILLIAMS, tailor, late of Crooked-lane, city
will APPLY, by letter, to W. B., Lombard Exchange, city, he will
hear of something to his advantage.
A. F. O.—Paris. —LETTERS RECEIVED. Con¬
tents of 3 and 5 correspond with information on this side
write to R:— telegraph to Brussels.—ARTHUR
CLEVELAND MONTAGU and Co.
DISAPPEARED, since Wednesday morning last,
22d May, a GENTLEMAN, age 42. Short, stont, dark, with
black whiskers beard, and moustache, very bald. Had on a brown
overcoat, and carried a black bag, unibrells, and silver watch, with hair
guard. Was last seen at the Oriental Bank, Threadneedle-street, af
which place he cashed a cheque. Any information will be gladly re¬
caived at the Police Station, Greenwich, S.E.
FATE.—Rather disappointed, but many thanks
was getting very unhappy at silence. Each day everything
thought would please you has been done. Am so weary; yearn for
kind words; pray write some here very soon, and tell all your plans.
Where I go, what I do, my whole life depends on you. Am alone. Shal
leave soon. If ever in doubt, address London. Pray write as I wish.
INTIMATION.—ELIZABETH SYM, daughter of
the late William Sym, of Drumboy, in the parish of Glassford,
Lanarkshire, Scotland, is supposed to have emigrated for America or
elsewhere abroad about 25 years ago, and has never been heard of since.
She is supposed to have sailed from Greenock, as she was last seen
there. If she is alive, she is entitled to a certain share of the proceeds
of the estate of her late father. Any person who can give proper
INFORMATION as to said Elizabeth Sym's present residence, if she
be still alive, or if dead, of the time and place of her death, are re¬
quested to communicate with Thomas Tennent, agent for the Bank of
Scotland, Strathaven, N.B.; or John Barrie, writer there.
ROYAL MATERNITY CHARITY.—The Secretary
begs most thankfully to ACKNOWLEDGE a DONATION of
FIVE POUNDS from B. P., as a thank-offering, in aid of the Gharity's
Funds.—31, Finsbury-square,.
THE UNIVERSAL BENEFICENT SOCIETY,
15, Soho-squa
LACKNOWLEDGE, with gratefn
thanks, a CHEQUE for TWENTY POUNDS from the Rev. R. Walde
Sibthorp.
and also £1 from W. A. Skene, Esq.—G.
STORMONT MURPHY. Hon. Sec.
LOST, in Upper Berkeley-street, Portman-square,
exactly opposite No. 22, on Wednesday last, at 10 p.m., a GOLD
and TURQUOISE. BRACELET. Whoever will take the saie to
No. 22,
Berkeley-street, Portman-square, shall receive ONE
POUND REWARD.
LOST, on the 23d inst., between Praed-street Sta¬
tion and Portland-road, an ENGRAVED SILVER PORTE¬
MONNAIE and CARDCASE combined, with monogram E.D. en¬
graved thereon. Contents of the purse £2, which the finder is welcome
to retain upon restoration of the purse to Mr. C. J. Rowe, 129, New
Bond-street, W.
DOCK WARRANT LOST, British and Foreign
Steam wharf, No. W. 8.360.—Ex Union.—Mark A T 1-10. Who¬
ever will take the same to Mr. H. L. Hurndall, 2, Skinner's-place,
Sise-lang, shall be rewarded for their trouble.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday,
May 16, in Hyde-park, a BLACK and TAN TERRIER, Had
a silver collaron. Whoever will take it to 2, Chesham-street, Belgrave-¬
square, shall receive the above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Wed¬
nesday, the 22nd May, at Lee, a WHITE FOX TERRIER DOG,
with tulip ears, had on a leather collar with brass plate, but no name.
Any person who will take the same to the Lord Northbrook, Lee, shall
receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on the 23d inst.,
in South Audley-street, a BLACK and TAN TERRIER DOG,
with blue leather collar. Any one taking it to 41, Hill-street, shall
receive the above reward.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. — Whereas
a REGISTERED LETTER, containing diamonds, was STOLEN
from the Mall Bag at the Post-office in Holland, on Monday, the 20th
May, 1872, and it is believed that the diamonds will be offered for sale
in England:—The above reward will be given to any one giving such
INFORMATION as will lead to the recovery of the property and con¬
viction of the offender.
All persons to whom the diamonds may be offered for sale are
cautioned against purchasing, and are requested to detain the property
and communicate with the undersigned.
The particulars of the lost stones are as follows:—
113 Brillants, 199, carats
Small Brillants, 33s carats
23 Brillants, 23 carats
6 Brillants 1174, carats
18 Brillants, 13, carats
21 Brilliants, 14 carats.
34 Brillants, 17 carats
E. I. SYDNEY and SON, solicitors, 46, Finsbury-circus,
London, E.C.
FOUND, a BUNCH of KEYS, two Chubb's latch¬
keys among them, in Oxford-street, last Wednesday. Apply to
Chubb and Son, 57, St. Paul's churchyard.
FOUND, in Berners-street, Oxford-street, a very
SMALL BLACK SPANIEL BITCH, about half-past 10 o'clock
on Friday morning. It has a small head, with two brown spots over
its eyes and mouth, and is an old dog. Apply at 5, Houghton-place,
Ampthill-square, Hampstead-road.
TERMINUS HOTEL, London-bridge. — Notice is
hereby given, that PROPERTY left at this hotel by any
person, in defauit of payment for board, &c., will be SOLD unless re¬
deemed within 14 days from this date.—ALBERT GEARING, Pro¬
prietor.—17th May, 1872.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—Whereas, on the
night of the 29th ult., some evil-disposed person or persons did
wilfully and maliciously DAMAGE, by cutting with a diamond, or other
instrument, THREE SHEETS of PLATE-GLASS on the premises
Nos. 46 and 47, Lombard-street, E.C., in the occupation of Alfred
M. Kino, tailor and habitmaker; Whoever will give such INFORMA¬
TION as will lead to the apprehension and conviction of the person or
persons shall receive the above reward from the said Alfred M. Kine.
Information to be given to A. M. Kine, 40, Cornhill; W. R. Buchanan,
Esq., solicitor, No. 10, Basinghall-Street; or to Inspector Balley, De¬
tective office, No. 26, Old Jewry.—May 3, 1572.
IN the Matter of the CHARITY called or known as
CRAWFORDS TRUST for the dispersion of the Scriptures in the
Irish Language.—Notice is hereby given that an ORDER has been
made by the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales
Establishing a Scheme for the future Admipistration of the above
mentioned Charity. A copy of the Order including the Scheme may be
inspected free of cost daily except on Sundays during the space of que
calendar month to be computed from the first publication of this
Notice at the offices of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge
No. 67 Lincolns Inn Fields London W.C. between the hours of 10 a.m.
and 2 p.m. and at the Office of the said Commissioners, at No. 8, York
Street, St. James's Square, London, between the hours of 10 a.m. and
4 p.m.—Dated this 17th day of May 1872.
HENRY M. VANE, Secretary.
IN LUNACY.—In the Matter of Richard Burton a
person of unsound mind, se found by Inquisition.—Under the
provisions of the Lunacy Reguiation Act, 1853 any person or persons
claiming to be the HEIR or HEIRS at LAW of the said RICHARD
BURTON formerly residing with his father, at No. 51 Newington
Place, in the County of Surrey, then with Dr. Hargreaves, of Tunbridge
Wells, in the County of Kent, afterwards at Bessell's Green, near
Riverhead in the County of Kent, and now residing at Twyford in the
County of Berks, or Claiming to be his next of kin or to be entitled
under the Statutes for the distribution of Intestates' Estates (in case
he were now dead intestate) to his personal Estate are on or before the
12th day of June 1872 by their Solicitors to come in and prove their
heirship or kindred before the Masters in Lunacy, at their Office 45 Lin¬
coln's Inn Fields, in the County of Middlesex or in default thereof
they will be peremptorily precluded from the benefit of all proceedings
in the above matter. —Dated the 9th day of May 1872.
FRANCIS BARLOW.
WOOTTONE SON 2 Finsbury Circus, London
Solicitors.
WHEREAS EMILY ELLIS, of Caerbaden, Bath,
in the county of Somerset, widow, and WILLIAM COOPER
SEWELL, of Albert-wharf, King's-cross, in the county of Middlesex
contractor, being respectively interested under the provisions of "The
Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Lands," in
the LAND and HEREDITAMENTS set forth in the Schedule here¬
under written, with the easements and appurtenances thereunto be¬
longing, and being desirous of effecting an EXCHANGE of the same,
have made abplication, in writing, to the Inclosure Commissioners for
England and Wales to direct inquiries whether such proposed ex¬
change would be beneficial to the owners of such respective lands and
hereditaments, and to proceed with the same under the provisions of
the said Acts.
Now the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, being of
opinion that such exchange would be beneficial, and that the terms
thereof are just and reasonable, hereby give notice that they will sause
to be framed and confirmed, under their hands and seal, an Order of
Exchange in the matter of the said application, unless notice in
writing of dissent to the said proposed exchange be given to them by
some person entitled to an estate in, or to a charge upon, the said land
and hereditaments, or any part thereof, on or before the 27th day of
August next.
The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Notice sefers.
Land and Hereditaments in which the abovenamed Emily Ellis is
interested, situate in the parish of St. Mary, Islington, in the county
of Middlesex, and proposed to be exchanged for the land and here¬
ditaments hereinafter specified:—
No. on
Description.
Tithe Map.
A plece or parcel of land in the rear of
six houses on the north-west side of(Superficial feet,
Part of 85.
Hanley-road, and between Hanley¬

road and Sparsholt-road.
Land and Hereditaments in which the abovenamed William Cooper
Sewell is interested, situate in the parish of St. Mary, Islington, in the
county of Middlesex, and proposed to be exchanged for the land and
hereditaments hereinbefore specified:—
No, on
Description.
Tithe Map.
piece or parcel of land in the rear of
four houses on the north-west side of(Superficial feet.
Part of 86 .
Hanley-road, and between Hanley¬
537
road and Sparsholt-road.
Witness my hand this 9th day of May, in the year of Our Lord 1872.
H. PYNE (By order of the Board),
Inclosure Commission, 3, St. James's-square, London, S.W.
WHEREAS the Right Honorable EDWARD
TURNOUR, Earl WINTERTON of Shillinglee-park, in the
county of Sussex, and WALTER LAURENCE LAURENCE, of
Sevenhampton, in the county of Gloncester, Esquire, being respectively
ipterested under the provisions of "The Acts for the Inclosure Ex¬
change, and Improvement of Lands," in the LAND and HEREDITA¬
MENTS set forth in the schedule hereunder written, with the case¬
ments and appurtenances thereunto belonging, and being desirous of
offecting an EXCHANGE of the same, have made application, in
writing, to the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, to
direct inquiries whether such proposed exchange would be beneficial
to the owners of such respective lands and hereditaments, and to pro¬
ceed with the same under the provisions of the said Acts.
New the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, being of
opinion that such exchange would be bencficial, and that the terms
thereof are just and reasonable, hereby give uptice that they will cause
to be framed and confirmed, under their hands and scal, an Order of
Exchange in the matter of the said application, unless notice in writing
of dissent to the said proposed exchange be given to them by someper¬
son entitled to an estate in, or to a charge upon, the said land and
hereditaments, or any part thereof, on or before the 27th day of August
next.
The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Notice refers.
Land and Hereditamente in which the above-ramed Edward Turnour,
Earl Winterton, is interested, situate in the parish of Saint George's¬
in-the-East, in the county of Middlesex, and proposed to be ex¬
changed for the land and hereditaments hereinafter specified:—
Description.
Part of yards, gardens, and buildings of Trinity E
copal Chapel, and of Nos. 70, 72, 74, 76, 78, 80, 82, Superficial feet.
6,432
84, 86, 88, and 90, Cannon-street-road.
Land and Hereditaments in which the above named Walter Laurence
Laurence is-interested, situate in the parish of Saint George's-in-the¬
East, in the county of Middlesex, and proposed to be exchanged for
the land and hereditaments hereinbefore specitied:—
Description.
Builder's yard, in Cannon-street-road, adjoin,
Trinity Episcopal Chapel, in the oceupation of Superficial feet,

Messrs. Marskitt and West, builders.
Part of workshop, in Upper Chapman-street, adjo
76
ing No. 70, Cannon-street-road (uneccupled)
atis
Witness my hand this 9th day of
n the year of Our Lord 1872.
H. PYNE (By order of the Board).
Inclosure Commission, 3, St. James's-square, London, S.W.
DUC de MONTEBELLO'S CHAMPAGNES.—
Caution.—Whereas, an INJUNCTION in Chancery has been
obtained in the cause "Duc de Montebello y Gemmer," restraining
the defendant and all others from selling or parting with sundry cases
of Rhenish wine, imported from Rotterdam, containing bottles bearing
imitation Duc de Montebello's labels and corks, and further prohi¬
biting the importation or sale of all wines bearing such imitation labelg
or corks: and whereas in the cause "Due de Montebello v. Jebens,"
tried in the Tribunal Correctionnal of Bavse, a parcel of 250 cases.
containing 3,000 bottles of wine, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello
labels and corks, seized by the French Customs' authorities (the said
spurious wines having been sent from Germany and Havre to be
thence shipped to England, and thus through the colourable importa¬
tion from a French port to avoid detection on arrival here), were ad¬
judged to be confiscated; all persons are hereby cautioned against deal¬
ing with spurious champagnes, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello

TAMPLINand TAYLER. 159, Fenchurch-Street, E.C.,
Solicitors to
Duc de Montebello.
R. SYMONDS and SON, 3, Ingram-court, 167, 168, Fen¬
thurch-street, E.C., Agents to the Duc de Montebello.
DUC de MONTEBELLO'S CHAMPAGNES.—
R. SYMONDS and SON direct especial attention to the pre¬
ceding CAUTION, as renewed attempts are being made to introduce
spurious wines, bearing forged Duc de Montebello labels and corks.
The genaine Duc de Montebello's Champagnes can be obtained of any
respectable wine merchant in town or country.
ONE HUNDRED ROUNDS CHALLENGE.—
We shall be pleased to match our patented DESIDERATUM
SILK UMBRELLA against any other for £100. To prove gre
durability not leas than 20 specimens to be tried on each side.—JOHN¬
SON, WATCHMAN, and Co., 73 and 74. Wood-straet E.C.,
