G.AN, who left his home in Albany-street, on
Tuesday, the 20th ult., is requested to COMMUNICATE with
Mr. Solis, No. 5, Clipstone-street,
Great Portland-street. London.
THAMES CHURCH MISSION.—RECEIVED,
with thanks, the SECOND HALF of the £10 BANK NOTE
already advertised. Post mark "Oxford."
CONFERENCE of BISHOPS, 1867.—Colonial and
American BISHOPS are requested to FORWARD their AD¬
DRESSES to the Secretary of the S. P. G., 5, Park-place, St. James's¬
street, S.W. Letters for several Bishops are now lying at the office
awaiting instructions to forward.
DULWICH COLLEGE.—It has been arranged that
the PORTRAIT of the Rev. A. J. CARVER, D.D., painted by
subscription among past and present Dulwichiaus, shall be PRE¬
SENTED to Mrs. Carver, at the College, at 6.30 p.m., on Saturday
next, September 14. All subscribers to the fund are invited to attend.
CHAS. H. LANE, Hon. Sec.
PETER CABET has just arrived from Australia,
and is very anxious to HEAR from JOHN ROSE or HENRY
HORTON. He is staying at 7, Museum-street, Bloomsbury. Any
one knowing the address of either will greatly oblige by forwarding it
to him.
NY person giving INFORMATION that is liktely
to lead to the DISCOVERY of the WRITER or INSTIGATOR
of an ANONYMOUS LETTER posted in the N.W. district, addressed
to a house in Warwickshire, shall be handsomely REWARDED. Ad¬
dress M. N., post-office, Charing-cross.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, or Left in a
Cab, on Mo en   .
ting the 9th between St. James's-hall and
Sioane-street, a LADY's GOLD WATCH and JET CHAIN. Apply
at Redford's library, 8, Sloane-street.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, between
Anerley and Penge, on Saturday, Aug. 24, a BLACK and TAN
ENGLISH TERRIER, wearing a collar with the owner's (Burton
Iron Works) name upon it; answers to the name of "Tim." Who¬
ever will take the same to 7, Boundary-terrace, Anerley, shall receive
the above reward. No further reward will be offered.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the
evening of the 6th inst., while travelling on the Bristol and Exeter
Railway, between Starero.
Fiverton Junction, a large GOLD
LOCKET, with initials "P. F" in jewels outside, and miniature
likeness inside. Whoever will bring the same to Marshall's British and
foreign library, 21, Edgware-road, W., shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—STRAYED from
Prince's-square, Bayswater, a SMALL, DARK GRAY SCOTCH
TERRIER, the address on collar, "Miss Campbell, Charlton Kings."
Whoever takes the same to 13, Hereford-road, Bayswater, shall re¬
ceive the abo ve re
ward.
FOUND, in an hotel in Paris, on the 26th August,
1867, a GOLD RING. The owner can have it by applying to Box,
No. 3 post-office, Carlisle
FOUND, a short time since, by a poor boy, a £5
BANK of ENGLAND NOTE, near to Clapham. The place
where lost and number must be stated when the note will be given up.
Apply to J. F., 8, Grafton-street, Fitzroy-square, W
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt of the sum of £400 Consolidated 3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing inthe names of Right Rev. THOMAS
GRANT, of St. George's Cathedral, Southwark. Rev. Ignatius Colling¬
ridge, of St. Peter's-street, Winchester, Rev. Joseph Alberry, of the
same place, and Michael Forristall, of St. George's Cathedral, South¬
wark. Esq., and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in
consequence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed
since the 5th July, 1857.—Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration
of three months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and
the Dividends thereon Paid, to Right Rev. Thomas Grant, Rev. Igna¬
tius Collingridge, Rev. Joseph Alberry, and Michael Forristall, who
have claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
FREE LABOUR REGISTRATION SOCIETY.
1lead Office, 9, Victoria-chambers, Victoria-street, Westminster,
S.W.—This Society has been formed to check the acknowledged evils
of trades unions, by affording a rallying point for non-unionist work¬
men and employers. Many hundreds of working men have already
enrolled. The objects of the Society are:—
Obtaining work for the unemployed, and hands for employers.
.The free discussion of all questions affecting capital and labour.
3. Their peaceful settlement by arbitration.
Protection of members by constitutional means.
The public are earnestly entreated to support the cause by their
money and names.
One third of all donations is applied to the Benefit Fund.
Donations and subscriptions are received by Messrs. Ransome,
Bouverie, and Co., No. 1, Pall-mall east; or by F. C. Maude, Colonel,

CROYDON FAIR. —Notice is hereby given, that a
SHEEP and HORSE FAIR will be held in Mr. Webb's Field, in
Addiscombe-road, Croydon (near the East Croydon Station), on Wed¬
nesday and Thursday, 2d and 3d October.
RICHARD JAMES CHEESWRIGHT, Clerk to the
Croydon Local Board of Health.
Town-hall, Croydon, 30th Aug., 1867.
N.B. Pens and ties may be engaged by application to Mr. Thomas
Brooker, 47, High-street, Croydon, before the end of September.
No booths, except for refreshments, and no wares, implements, or
things ordinarily used or exposed for sale at a pleasure fair will be ad¬

CAUTION.—I, the undersigned, hereby give notice,
that all persons detected selling any imitation of my EAU de
COLOGNE will be proceeded against by law. All purchasers should
note tnat the label on the bottle is that of Johann Maria Farina,
Julichs Platz, No. 4. My sole agents for Great Britain and Ireland
are Wm. Fickus, jun., and Co., 23 Mark-lane, London.
JOHANN MARIA FARINA, Julichs Platz, No. 4. Colo¬
CAUTION.—PATENT SAFETY CANDLES.—
Notice is hereby given, that the undersigned have secured by
Royal Letters Patent the exclusive right of manufacturing candles
with the patent safety ends, whereby the candles adjust themselves
firmly into the candlesticks without the risk of falling out. The public
are warned against imitations, and any persons infringing the patent
will be immediately proceeded against.
CHAS. OGLEBY and Co., Patentees of the Safety Candles,
hear the Palace, Lambeth, London.
CAUTION. — Self-fitting Candles. — We,
th undersigned, do hereby give notice that we have, by letters
patent, secured to curselves the exclusive right of making candles with
tapering ends, commonly called SELF-FITTING CANDLES, now to
be obtained of every chymist, grocer, or chandier, in all sizes, and of
various qualities. The public are cautioned against imitations, and
persons infringing such patents, or being parties privy thereto, are
hereby informed that they render themselves liable to proceedings.
J. C. and J. FIELD, Upper-marsh, Lambeth, London.
NOTICE.—HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co.
(Limited).—Owing to numerous letters miscarrying through being
inaccurately addressed, all letters should be directed Hancock, Bur¬
brook, and Co., Limited (now Edwin W. Streeter), 37, Conduit-street,
New Bond-street, W.
NOTICE.—Hancock, Burbrook, and Co. (Limited).
—In consequence of advertisements continually appearing in
newspapers, railway stations, covers of periodicals, &c., under the above
title, the public are hereby informed that Messrs. HANCOCK and
BURBROOK have nothing whatever to do with the concern, notwith¬
standing their names are being used by the present proprietor. All
letters to Mr. R. Burbrook to be addressed 3, St. James's-street, S. W.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—The Society of Arts having
awarded their silver medal and prize of 20 guineas to Messrs.
PARKINS and GOTTO, of 25, Oxford-street, for their 2s. WRITING¬
CASE (of which 506,000 have been sold), for its utility, durability, and
cheapness, the public are hereby CAUTIONED against various imita¬
tions of the same, none being genuine unless stamped "Parkins and
Gotto," with a crown above. The Postmaster-General permits this
particular case to pass through the post for four stamps.
REMOVAL.—Messrs. CHUBB and SON beg to
announce the REMOVAL of their SAFE MANUFACTORY
from West Smithfield to their newly-erected premises, Chubb's Safe
Works, Glengall-road, Old Kent-road, S.E.
REMOVAL (Messrs. KELLY and Co., Printers
and Publishers of the Post-office London and Country Directo¬
ries) to TEMORARY PREMISES (publishing-office and counting¬
house, 12, Carey-street, and printing-office, 15, Gate-street, Lincoln's-¬
inn-fields, W.C.), from Old Boswell-court, Strand.
PARIS EXHIBITION, 1867.—JOHN ARTHUR
fand Co., 10, Rue Castiglione, agents to the British and American
Embassies, established 38 years, REPRESENT EXHIBITORS Bank
and exchange, house and estate agents, commission, transit agents,


PARIS.—A medical man, fully qualified (London
University), will be glad to ACCOMPANY an INVALID, or
other person, to Paris, for a week or a few days, during the present
month. Terms most moderate. Address B. C., Lewis's library, 136,
Gower-street.
TWO HUNDREDandSIXTY ACRES of good PAR¬
TRIDGE and RABBIT SHOOTING, and a comfortably Fur¬
nished Residence, can be LET for eight or ten weeks; an hour from
town, and two miles from a station. The house can be had without
the ae ve e
 Address A. B. B., Twyford, Be
ks.
NOTICE.—"The Chromouthograph" and Water¬
Colour Painting.—On view shortly, the Landscapes in Water¬
Colours, by Mr. Aaron Penlcy, Senior Professor of Drawing and Paint¬
ing at the Royal Military College, Addiscombe, Member of the New
Society of Painters in Water-colours, and Author of "The English
School of Painting in Water-Colours, its Theory and Practice"

will contribute to the new journal, the CHROMOLITHOGRAPH,
every fourth week, a full-page water colour drawing of landscape scenery
together with a descriptive lesson. The same accomplished artist and
distinguished teacher will, during each intermediate fortnight, contri¬
bute other articles, which, when completed, will elucidate the whole
art and mystery of painting in water colours. Full prospectuses of
the journal, which will contain three full-page chromolithographs
weekly, price sixpence, may be had on application to W. J. Day,
No. 20, Cockspur-street,
London, S.W.
NOTICE.—The Chromolithograph" and Figure
Painting.—On view shortly, the Figure Drawings in Water¬
Colour, by Mr. Frederick Smallfield, whose talent as an artist and
pre-eminence as a teacher in this branch of art are so well known, and
who has undertaken to supply a full-page coloured study and a descrip¬
tive lesson, once a month, to the pages of the new journal the CHRO¬
MOLITHOGRAPH. Full prospectuses of the journal, which will con¬
tain three full-page chromolithographs weekly, price nixpence, may be
had on application to W.
J. Day, 20, Cockspur-Street, London, S.W
NOTICE.—"The Chromolithograph" and Flower
and Fruit Painting.— On view shortly the Oil Pictures by Mr. T.
Gronland, who is acknowledged, by our most renowned painters, to be
the very best artist for the purpose, and who has undertaken to con¬
tribute, once a month, to the pages of the new journal the CHROMO¬
LITHOGRAPH, a full-page coloured study, and descriptive lesson for
executing the same in both oil and water colour; and who promises to
give, successively, the most prominent specimens to be obtained by fol¬
lowing the natural productions of the seasons; thus, enabling students
not only to copy accurate representations of nature, painted by an ac¬
complished artist, but also at once to appeal back to nature herself for
further inspiration. Full prospectus of the journal, which will contain
three full-page chromolithographs, weekly for 6d., may be had on appli¬
cation to W. J. Day, 20, Cockspur-street, London, S.W.
NOTICE.—The "Chromolithograph" and Wood
Carving, and the various studies in connexion with that art.—On
view shortly specimens of the illustrations by Mr. George Alfred
Rogers, artist in wood to the Queen, professor of wood carving at the
Crystal Palace School of Art, and author of several works on the sub¬
ject, who has undertaken to contribute to the pages of the new journal
the CHROMOLITHOGRAPH, an illustrated paper once a month,
treating of fretwork, Carved Fretwork, and the more advanced study;
ample materials, for study and execution, will thus be supplied to oc¬
cupy the amateur during the monthly intervals. Full prospectus of the
journal which will contain three full-page chromolithographs weekly,
for 6d. May be had on application to W. J. Day, 20, Cockspur-street,
London, S.W.
NOTICE.—"The Chromolithograph" and Illumina¬
tion.—On view shortly, Illuminations by Messrs. W. and G.
Audsley, of Liverpool, whose magnificently illuminated works, pub¬
lished under Mr. W. Day's direction, have gained such world-wide
fame, and who have undertaken to contribute in the pages of the new
journal, the CHROMOLITHOGRAPH, once a month, a full-page
illustration, with accompanying text, and who will do all that can be
done to make every student of their articles and illustrations equally
as well informed and accomplished in execution as they themselves
are acknowledged to be. Full prospectus of the journal, which will
contain three full-page chromelithographs weekly, for 6d., may be had
om application
o W. J. Day, 20, Cockspur-Street, London, S.
NOTICE.—"The Chromolithograph" and the Deco¬
rative Arts.—On view shortly, the coloured photographs of
objects which Mr. Dresser has selected from the Paris Exhibition to
form full-page illustrations, every week, in the pages of the new
journal the CHROMOLITHOGRAPH, with descriptive text. Full
prospectuses of the journal, which will contain three full-page chromo¬
lithographs weekly, for 6d., may be had on application to W. J. Day
No. 20, Cockspur-Street, London, S.W.
THE BABY REST (PANTER's PATENT).—This
invention (a real blessing to mothers) supplies a want felt in every
nursery. The baby rest, adapted for children four months old and up¬
wards, is so contrived that, with the limbs entirely free, the child is
supported and retained upon it in the most healthful position, and
may be left for any length of time, his toys around him, in perfect
safety. The baby rest cannot upset, and may be drawn about the
nursery with the greatest ease, affording thereby delight to the infant
and constant amusement to the elder children. Price 30s. Sold at all
fancy repositories. Wholesale, JAQUES and SON, 102, Hatton-garden.
DOLLY's HOSPITAL, 210, Regent-street.—
CREMER, Jun, cures all complaints incidental to dollhood; lost
hair restored, impaired vision set right, damaged limbs made whole,
and young heads put upon old shoulders, by the Junior Creme
PUNCH's SHOW, ready for acting, with funny root¬
i-toot—a magnificent show, 17 inches high, with characters beau¬
tifully fcoloured, and dialogue complete. Carriage free for 60 stamps.
H. G. CLARKE and Co., 2, Garrick-street, Covent-garden, W.C.
NCIENT OAK PANELLING of the ELIZA¬
BETHAN ERA, for corridors and rooms. —5,000ft. of MOULDED
OAK PANELS for SALE, and a suite of richly carved oak panels
for a dining room or hall.—At S. PRATT's galleries of ancient furni¬
ture, &c. 47, New. Bond-street.
