TO X. Y. Z.— "They deny there is any such person in
 house." (Signed) (W.)
CHILD.—S— T—s.—Sorry to hear bad accounts.
Am at the Club, if
can do anything for you. Yours.—
READ it? Of course I could. Many thanks, &c.
Yes, or No? Yes, often as you think flecessary. Will not be
anxious again. Does not T. F.—B. prove I do remember the day you
name, my puir bairn? Farewell.
RICHMOND to BARNES.—A thousand thanks,
dearest, for yours and its much-prized enclosures. I live on
the past and hope for the future. WRITE sometimes, and let us
meet the earliest opportunity. Meanwhile rely on me. Your own,
RICHMOND.
DONALD MeM— to the Hon. Walter C.—C.
I waited on Monday last in the Turkish Bath, West-street
Brighton, from 5 to 6 o'clock. Shall be there again on Monday, 13th
inst., at same hour.
SHEWARD.—Any person giving INFORMATION
of the present ADDRESS, if living, of Mr. JAMES HENDER¬
SON SHEWARD, son of the late Mr. Samuel Wanley Sheward, of 40.
Green-street, Park-lane, London, or proof of his death, if dead, shall
receive FIVE POUNDS REWARD on application to Mr. Sismey,
No. 11, Serjeant's-inn, Fleet-street, London.
LONDON DOCK WARRANT LOST, No. N32942,
for quarter cask wine, ex "Olga "Edward, from Oporto, entered 8th
July, 1867, and marked T W with A under, No. 3. Finder sending
same to B. Mallinson, Albion Hotel, Harrogate, Yorkshire, shall be
REWARDED.
—
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.—TEN
SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on the 27th Nov., from 32,
Regent-circus, a FOX TERRIER BITCH, white body, tan markings
ears, black spot on tail, one tooth out of lower jaw, and answers to
"Vixen." The above reward will be paid to any person who shall
restore the same to Mr. R. Williams, the Company's police inspector,
King's-cross Station, London.
FOUND, in the neighbourhood of Russell-square, on
Dec. 4, a GENTLEMAN'S DIAMOND RING. The owner can
have the same rest o eieie
description and paying
all expenses. Address K., Messrs, W. H. Smith and Son's, railway
station, Derby.
STOPPED a LOCKET, being offered in pledge.
Address full particulars to Mr. Thompson, 76, Queen's-road,
Bayswater.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £3,551 7s. 6d. Consolidated
£3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of FRANCES
PENYSTON, of Cornwell, Oxfordshire, spinster, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1859;—Notice is
hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the
said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to
Frances Penyston, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BESLEY, Mayor.
COMMON COUNCIL, holden in the Chamber
of the Guildhall of the city of London, on Thursday, the 9th day
of December, 1869.
Reselved unanimously,—"That a dutiful and loyal address be pre¬
sented by this Court to Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, to
congratulate her on the safe delivery of Her Royal Highness the
Princess of Wales, and the birth of a Princess."
Resolved unanimously,—"That compliments of congratulation be
bresented by this Court to their Royal Highnesses the Prince and
Princess of Wales on the safe delivery of Her Royal Highness, and the
birth of a Princess."
NOODTHORPE.
A BESLEY, Mayor.
A COURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held in
the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London, on
Tuesday, the 7th day of December, 1869, and in the 33d year of the
reign of Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire¬

Persons admitted to act as Brokers within the city of London and its
Liberties, viz:—
Names.
Residences.
Charles Lindo.
82, Old Broad-street.
George Bamford Crozier 3, Bartholomew-lane
Herbert William Smith 58, Coleman-street.
Robert Bull
37, Mincing-lane.
William Macdonald Bird.... 2, Laurence Pountney-hill
John James Whatley
Mincing-lane
George Taylor Benton4, Cullum-street,
WOODTHORPE.
CAUTION.—JOHN WILLIAM ROPE, cook and
confectioner, 27 and 28, Hyde-park-place, W., near the Marble
Arch, thanks his patrons, and begs to inform them his only place of
business is at the above address.
CAUTION.—BETTS'S CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of capsules made in contravention
of his rights, which necessarily are numerous, Betts being the original
inventor and sole maker in the United Kingdom.—1, Wharf-road,
City-road, London; and Bordeaux, France.—April8, 1869.
CAUTION.-HARRISS SPECTACLES. THOMAS
HARRIS and SON CAUTION the public against persons using
their name. Their business, established 1780, is solely conducted at 52,
Great Russell-street, opposite the British Museum gate, where only can
be had their celebrated spectacles, opera and field glasses. No travellers
CAUTION.—E. ALEXANDER, practical gas en¬
gineer, is sole manufacturer of WESSELS PATENT HEAT
DISSEMINATOR. Investigation by medical and engineering gontle¬
men of the Disseminator's important "adjunct (atmospheric) gas and
air chamber" invited. Escape of smoke, a deposit, or waste of gas, an
impossibility. New prospectus gratis.—83, Great Portland-st., Oxford-st.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHERS QUEENS READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPE LAMPS, as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family.—The public are CAUTIONED against
inferior imitations. M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-street, being
the sole inventor and manufacturer of these celebrated lamps. Draw¬
ings and prices post free. No agents
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted and registered achromatic lenses should
apply only direct to them, at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
CAUTION.—The NOURISHING STOUT.—Trade
Label.—The public are cautioned against receiving any as genuine
which dees not bear upon each cask and bottle the registered trade
mark, as follows:—"Nourishing London Stout," between two red
circles; within the inner circle, "Raggett (late Blockey), 21, Duke¬
street, St. James's," as well as the letters "R. above B," in red; and
across the label, in white letters upon a red band, "Analyzed and Re¬
ported on by Dr. Hassall." It is very important that the names of
RAGGETT (late Blockey), and Dr. Hassall, should be distinctly
noted, as unprincipled traders are copying the label with this exception.
CAUTION.—The Pall-mall Jewel Case.—Messrs.
HOWELL, JAMES, and Co. beg respectfully to caution the
public that they are the sole patentees and manufacturers of the newly¬
invented PALL-MALL JEWEL CASE, the chief characteristics of
which will recommend themselves as a ready deposit and safeguard to
valuable property. In the construction of the case the greatest sim¬
plicity and portability have been observed, coupled with the utmost
secrecy and consequent security to the contents. It is fire-proof; and,
in discarding the hitherto shupened receptacles for the several articles,
the case is adapted to fit any jewel without the fear of the slightest
injury. —Howell, James, and Co., Regent-street, Pall-mall.
NOTICE.—Monsieur ADOLPHE BEAU begs to
announce his roturn to town. Appointments for sittings may
be made, as usual, at his ateller, 283, Regent-street, near Langham¬
place, W.
NOTICE.—HOWARD and SONS beg to notify to
their patrons and the public that their EASY CHAIR and
SOFA SHOW ROOMS, as well as the General Cabinet Warehouse,
CLOSE at TWO p.m. on SATURDAYS.—26 and 27, Berners-street, W.
NOTICE.—Messrs. SAVORY and MOORE,
chymists to the Queen, of 143, New Bond-street, find it necessary
to intimate to their patrons and the public that since the amalgamation
of ther Regent-street branch with the establishment in New Bond¬
street, their ONLY BRANCH HOUSES are at 1, Lancaster-gate,
Hyde-park, and 29, Chapel-street, Belgrave-square, and that they have
no connexion with any other establishment in London.
NOTICE.—Mr. C. F. HANCOCK, senior partner
of the firm of C. F. Hancock, Son, and Co., 39, Bruton-street,
corner of Bond-street, begs respectfully to inform his patrons that
he will retire from business at the end of the present year; the firm
for the future will consist of his son, Mr. Mortimer Hancock, Mr.
Stewart, and Mr. Dore. In consequence of the retirement of the senior
partner, the whole of the valuable stock of DIAMONDS, Jewellery,
Plate, and Works of Art, in gold and silver, is now being SOLD at
greatly reduced prices.
NOTICE.—Messrs. D. NICOLL and Co., Merchant
and Wholesale Clothiers, corner of Fell-street and Monkwell¬
street, city, have to announce that they do not in uny way sell goods
retail; and, except to meml ers of the trade denling with them, they
cannot from this date show at the above warehouse or at their factories
either patented garments or the machinery by which they are pro¬
duced. This notice is necessary owing to the wide-spread curiosity
now existing, esj-ecially with regard to the process of manufucturing
the Rng Paletot, a garment without a seam, produced entirely by ma¬
chinery from raw dyed wool, and through the several processes of
weaving, cutting, sewing, &c., till it is ready for the wearer's use.
Members of the press, who have shared in the general curiosity on the
et, have thus reperted their opinions:—
 Kug Paletot is an ingeniously contrived and exceedingly ser¬
viceable garment."—Court Journal.
"The Rug Paletot is without exaggeration, a marvel of cheapness
erviceubleness."— Weekly Register.
on" the great novelty of the season is undoubtedly the Rug Paletot."
ourt Circular.
"The Rug Paletot, varying from half-a-guinea to a guinea, places
it within the reach of ail."—Draper.
"The Rug Paletot, the most useful and economical article of clothing
ever brought under oor notice."—Bell's Weekly Messenter.
"No one should be without one of Nicoll's Rug Paletots."—Illus¬
trated Sporting News.
"Anything better looking of its kind and cheaper has never been
devised."—Observer.
"Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co. have hit upon a novelty in the way of
clothing of a very ingenious, useful, and ec nomic character. The
fame of this firm as patentees of improved garments is well known.
The Rug Paletot is the most useful article of clothing that has ever
been brought under our notice, It is formed to fit anybody either as
a cloak or as a railway rug, and it is said that specimens may be had at
every bookstall and railway station throughout the kingdom."—Sunday
Times.
The trade mark of Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co. consists of their
name, and the shields of arms of London and Paris on a label or
loop attached to each garment. A stock is kept by the principal
clothiers, hosiers, and drapers throughout the kingdom. Their ad¬
dresses will be forwarded on application to 6, Fell-Street, Wood¬
street, London, to which place notice of any infringement of trade
mark or patent rights may be sent. This mark should always be in¬
quired for by customers, us it is never attached to any other than
goods of first-rate qualities. All Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co.'s fushion¬
able garments therely sustain a reputation of more than a quarter of
a century's standing, and in retiring from the retail, and adhering to
the wholesale trade, the opportunity has been enlarged for the public
to obtain Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co.'s manufactures through more
than o o agencis
THE public are CAUTIONED against IMITA¬
TIONS of the NEW VELLUM WOVE CLUS-HOUSE NOTE.
This paper has been manufactured to meet the universally-experienced
want—le., a paper which shall in itself combine a perfectly smooth
surface with total freedom from grease. It is made from the best linen
rags only, possesses great tenacity and durability, and is equally well
adapted for quill or steel pen. Sample packet post free for 18 stamps.
(Signed) PARTRIDGE and COOPER, sole manufacturers
and vendors, 192, Fleet-street, E.C.
IMPORTANT CAUTION.—The unprecedented suc¬
cess of ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL for the hair has caused
counterfeiters to spring up in every possible variety. Some so for copy
the labels as frequently to deceive the unwary; some offer to dispose
of the recipe of a Maeassar oil, with other recipes of a similar cha¬
racter, for a few postage stamps: while others profess to manufacture
the real ( article at a considerably reduced price, if the public will
purchase it. The name of these wreiched counterfeiters is
"Legion," and calls for more than usual care on the part of pur¬
chasers as to where they make theirselection of articles for the tollet."
—Morning Paper.
NOTICE of REMOVAL. —Subscribers and friends
to the NATIONAL INSTITUTE and HOME for LADIES in
REDUCED CIRCUMSTANCES are respectfully informed that this
Institution is REMOVED from 23, Euston-road, N.W., to 13, Notting¬
hill-square W. Contributions are earnestly solicited.

JOHN TEULON, Hon. S
E.
NOTICE.—Mr. E. HARTRY, surgeon-dentist, in
consequence of the death of his brother, has REMOVED from
No. 42, Harley-street, Cavendish-square, to 41, St. Martin's-lane Tra¬
falgar-square, the original firm.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. FREDK. DAVIS,
importer, purchaser, and valuer of old Sevres, Chelsea, Worcester,
Dresden, and other rare china and works of art in general, begs to in¬
form the nobility, gentry, and public that he has REMOVED from
100, New Bond-street to his new gallery, 51, Pall-mall, W. (nearly op¬
posite Marlborough-house), where his valuable collection of old Sevres,
other rare porcelains, and objects of art are always on sale. N.B.—F.D.
continues to purchase rare old china and curiosities to any amoun
t.
MAQUESS NEW CARD GAMES:—The Reaim,
 1s; Quits, 1s.; Snap, 1s.; the Wedding, 1s. 6d. ; the Counties
of England, three series, 1s. 6d. each; Illustrated Proverbs, 1s. May
Day, 1s. The Sixteenth Century, 1s.; Pumblechook, 1s; the Bride, 1s;
Happy Families, 1s. (post free two extra stamps). Sold at most fancy
repositories. Wholesale, Jaques and Son, 102, Hatton-garden.
HAQUES'S NEW WINTER GAMES:—Matri¬
moniakDominoes, 3s. 6d.; Railway Traffic, 6s.; Drawing-room
Pyramids, 15s.; Picture Loto, 7s. 6d.; Tuble Croquet, 14s.; Geogra¬
phical Loto, 7s. 6d.; Excelsior, 3s. 6d.: Moorish Fort, 10s. 6d.; Floral
Loto, 7s. 6d.; Tourist, 4s. 6d.; Faces, 6s. 6d.: Enfield Skittles, 17s. 6d.
Wholesale, Jaques and Son, 103, Hatton-garden.
WONDERFUL and YET so SIMPLE.
THE UNIVERSAL TELEGRAPH.
