LDERSHOT.—If A. B. will go to Woolwich and
CALL where last we met he will find letter and particulars.
MYRTLE from P. B.—Cannot forget. Have pity
and WRITE; addressed as first letter you ever sent will reach
me. Trust no one.—
MR. PACKHAM, late of Middleton-road, Old Ford,
will oblige by SENDING his ADDRESS to J. R. Smith,
No. 15, Mansfield-villas, Hampstead.
.N.—Wrots about houce not suitable. Have been
very ill. Getting hetter. Not yat able to go ont. So glad to
see you.
POLLARD.—WANTED, the ADDRESS of Miss

sesnsomsmen
E. M. E. W. Abbott's-Advertisement Agent, Eastoheap, E.

EDWARD SHAW, late of 52, Pentonville-road, her nephew and
niece wish to COMMUNICATE with her respecting family matters.
Address S. S., care of Nash and Tenten 4, Savile-place, W.

about the months of March, April, or May, in the year 1856,

Ltn
by the Osprev, off the coast of the Brazils, any person finding a COPY,
ee
above reward, by communicating with John Hawarth, Esq., 21, Scaris¬
brick-street Southport, Lancashire.
NATIONAL ORTHOPEDIC HOSPITAL, 234,


gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of DONATIONS of
pson, Esq., and £1 1s. from J. B. Parker, Esq.—
STANFORD SMITH, Secretary.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the
evening of Friday, the 1st inst., a PURSE, containing money and
rings. The above reward will be paid by Messrs. D. and J. Wellby,
No. 20, Garrick-street, Covent-garden.
MARRANTS. —LOST, in transit through the post,"
TWO WARRANTS, Nos. 11834-35, each for one-quarter cask"
brandy, marked JS and C two diamonds XP 9-10, lying at Custom¬
house and Wool Quays, entored by J. Saunders and Co., 20th October,;
1875, ex Plover from Charente. Deliverable to Thos. Barwell. Any per¬
son finding the same and returning them to D. R. Smith," Oustom¬
house-quay, E.C., shall be REWARDED. N.B. These wagrants are;
cancelled in the proprietor's books.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of; Engr
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reducl¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £59 4s. 8d. Consolidatod
£3 per Cent. Annuities heretofore standing in the names of JANE
GOODMAN THACKERAY of Palmer-terrace, Holloway widow,
and WILLIAM CHADWICK JONES, a minor, and which was
transferred to ithe said Commissioners, in consequence of the
Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July,
1857; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Divi¬
dends thereon paid, to Jane Goodman Thackeray and( William Chad¬
wick Jones, formerly a minor, now of age, who have claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out hissclaim thereto.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE. Probate
Divorce and Admiraity Division Probate To the NEXT of KIN
if any) and all others having any interest in the personal Estate and
Effects of THOMAS SWIFT late of No. 32 freorge Street Birkenhead
in the County of Chester, a Merchant Seaman deceased, who died there
on the 10th March 1876 Notice is hereby given-to you that a CITA¬
TION has issued under Seal of the Principal Probate Registry of the
Probate Divorce and Admiralty Division of Her Majesty's High Court
of Justice, dated 24th August 1875 citing you to cause an appearance
to be entered for you in the said Principal Probate Registry and
accept or refuse Letters of Administration of the personal Estate and
Effects of the said deceased or show canse why the same should not
be granted to the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury,
and his Successors in that office, for Her Malesty's use, with an inti¬
mation that in default of your appearing, such Letters of Administra¬
tion will be granted to the said Solicitor, and his Successors in office,
accordingly
EDWARD F. JENNER Registrar
A. K. STEPHENSON Esq Her Majesty's Proctor.

IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE, Probate
Divorce and Admiralty Division Probate. To the NEXT of KIN
(if any) and all others having any interest in the personal Estate and
Effects of SARAH GRUNDY late of Beck Street in the Town and
County of Nottingham deceased, who died there on the 2ard
January 1876 Notice is hereby given to you that a CITATION has
issued under seal of the Principal Probate Registry of the Probate
Divorce and Admiralty Division of Her Majesty's fligh Court of Jus¬
tice, dated 24th August 1876 citing you to cause an appearance to been¬
tered for you in the said Principal Probate Registry and accent or refuse
Letters of Administration of the personal Estate and Effects of the
said deceased, or show cause why the same should not be granted to
the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, and his Suc¬
cessors in that office, for Her Majestys use, with an intimation that
in default of your appearing, such Letters of Administration will be
granted to the said solicitor and his Successors in office accordingly.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
A. K. STEPHENSON Esq Her Majesty's Proctor
seseea
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE, Probate Divorce
and Admiralty Division. —Probate.—To the NEXT of KIN (if any
and all others having any interest, in the personal Estate andeffects of
WILLIAM HENRY FORBES late of Treber House Littlehampton
in the County of Sussex deceased, who died there on the 8th August
1875.—Notice is hereby given to you that a CITATION has issued
under Seal of the Principal Probate Registry of the Probate Divorce
and Admiralty Division of Her Majesty's High Court of Justice dated
24th August 1876 citing you to cause an appearance to be entered for
you in the said Principal Probate Registry, and accept or refuse
Letters of Administration of the personal Estate and Effects of the
said deceased, or show cause why the same should n.t be granted to
the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury and his Suc¬
cessors in that office, for Her Majesty's use, with an intimation that
in default of your appearing such Letters of Administration will be
granted to the said Solicitor, and his Successors in office
accordingly.
EDWARD F. JENNER Regist r re.
A. K. STEPHENSON Esq. Her Majesty's Proctor Treasury
Chambers Whitehall.
WHITTINGTON-HEATH, Lichfield. — Whereas,
Whittington-heath, situate in the parish of Whittington, in
the county of Stafford (as mentioned and described in the Schedule
hereto annexed), and the soll thereof has been purchased by and is
vested in Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War De¬
partment subject to commonable and other rights which the said
Secretary of State is desirous of extinguishing under the provisions of
the Statutes hereinafter mentioned and referred to; now therefore
this is to give notice that the said Principal Secretary of State, in pun
suance of the powers of the "Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845."
and of an Act of the 17th and 18th Vic., c. 67, to facilitate the pur¬
chase of common commonable and other rights by the Principal
Officers of Her Majesty's Ordnance and of the "Ordnance Board

an Act of the 22d Victoria, c. 12 hereby,
calls or convenes a MRETING, to be held on Tuesday, the 12th day of
September next, at 1 o'clock in the afternoon, at the Dog Inn, in the
parish of Whittington, of all parties entitied to commonable and
other rights over or in the said piece of land for the purpose of the
said parties appointing a committee (not exceeding five in number) to
treat with the Secretary of State for the compensation to be paid for
the extinction of such commonable or other rights. —Dated this 29th
day of August, 1876.
By order of the said Principal Secretary
CHARLES M. CLODE.
The Schedule.—All that piece of common or heath land called or
known as Whittington-heath, in the parish of Whittington, in the
county of Stafford, which land is parcel of the Manor of Longdon, in
the said county, and contains in the whole 330 acres or thereabouts.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the OFFICES and
LIBRARY of the CANADIAN GOVERNMENT AGENCY
have been REMOVED from King-street, Westminster, to 31, Queen
Victoria-street, E.C., where in future the business of the Agency will
be conducted.—FREDERIC J.DORE, Canadian Government Agent
AXFORD-CIRCUS SKATING RINK, open from
10 30 to 1, 2 30 to 6, and 7 to 11. Admission 1s. "Oxford-circus
Skating Rink gay with coloured lamps, crystal basket, lanterns,
silvered mirrows, flowers, statuary paims, and plants."—Morning

AXFORD-CIRCUS SKATING RINK.—"This
light and spacious edifice, spanned by a roof of glass and timber,
is decorated very brightly throughout, and is illuminated in a sump¬
tuous manner."—Daily Telegraph.
XFORD-CIRCUS SKATING RINK.—"The
Rink, designed and furnished as a pleasant lounge and prome¬
nade ; the Rink viewed from these galleries in gaslight was a bril¬
lant scene." —Daily News. "Trophies of fiags and shields combined
with floral decorations complete the effect."—Observer. "One of the
most easily accessible and most tastefully-appointed Rinks in Lon¬

SHOOTING to be LET, over about 7,000 acres, one
hour and a half from London. Excellent pheasant, partridge,
hare, and rabbit shooting; in midiand counties. Terms 380 guineas a
year all expenses paid, including keepers, &c., or an arrangement
could be made for the shooting alone, and keepers, &c., can be found
by the lessee. Apply to C. W. B., Messrs. Banting's, 27, St. James's-¬

ICREW STEAMYACHT for HIRE, 580 tons gross,
steams 11 knots, and has first-rate ae¬

20. For particulars apply to Alfred Holt, 1, India-buildings. Water¬
street, Liverpool.
POLLAKYS PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE,
13, Paddington-green, W.—Confidential inquiries at home and
abroad. Missing friends traced by Mr. Pollaky. 27 years' experience
in England and with the Foreign Detective Polic
CAUTION.—FISHERS GLADSTONE BAG is

SOLD only at 188, Strand.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label used so many years, signed Elizabeth Lazenby
CAUTION.—BRAND and Co.'s ESSENCE of
BEEF, Turtle Soup, and other specialities for invalids. Beware
of imitations. No connexion with any other establishment. Sole
address, 11, Little Stanhope-street, Mayfair, W. Established 1835.
CAUTION.—SWANBILL CORSETS.—Every
pair bears the registered trade mark (a swan and two oygnets)
Exigez la marque de fabrique.—Mrs. ADDLEY BOURNE, 37, Picca¬
lly.
CAUTION.—NIXEYS REFINED BLACK LEAD,
in Blocks.—Cleanliness.—The proprietor, W. G. Nixey, begs to
caution the public against being imposed upon by unprincipled manu¬
facturers and tradesmen, who, with a view of deriving greater profit,
are vending spurious imitations.—12, Soho-square, London.
CAUTION.—Messrs. HANCOCKS and Co., Gold¬
smiths, Jewellers, and Silversmiths to the Queen, the Prince and
Princess of Wales, and the principal Courts of Burope, &c., regret
being compelled to caution the public that their business, established.
by Mr. C. F. Hancock, is carried on at the old address only.—36 and
39, Bruton-street, corner of Bond-street, W
CAUTION.—CLARKES PATENT PYRAMID
NIGHT LIGHTS. Many complaints having been received from
consumers that they cannot obtain these lights in good condition, they
are in all such cases solicited to write to the Patentee, Samuel Clarke,
Pyramin Night Light Works, 110, Albany-street, Regent's-park, who

CAUTION.—LAMPLOUGHS PYRETIC SALINE,
—Worthless Salines being placed before the public with the
mere transposition of the words of my label, it is of the utmost im¬
portance that the name and trade mark on a buff-coloured wrapper
envelops each bottie, and on which dependence alone can be placed.
—No. 113, Holborn-hill, London, E.C.
CAUTION.—STEEDMANS SOOTHING POW¬
DERS. The proprieter feels it necessary to give a special caution
against imitations of this family medicine. Purchasers, for their own
security, are requested carefully to observe in every case that the
words John Steedman, Chymist, Walworth, Surrey, are engraved on
the Government stamp affixed to each packet, without which they are

CAUTION.—In consequence of spurious imitations
LEA and PERRINS' SAUCE, which are calcuiated to deceive
the public, Lea and Perrins have adopted a new label, bearing their
signature, Lea and Perrins, which will be placed on every bottle of
Worcestershire Sauce after this date, and without which none is
genuine.—CROSSE and BLACKWELL, Sohe-square, Agents for the
Proprletors.—November, 1874.
CAUTION.—CHAPPELL and Co., having aseer
tained that numerous pianofortes bearing their name, but not of
their manufacture, have been sold, beg hereby to caution the public
that no instrument is gonuine anless bearing the name Chappell and
Co. in black and gold. Any instrument can be varified by sending the
numper, which will be found stamped on the left-hand side of the
piano under the lid, to 50, New Bond-street, or to the factory, Bel¬
mont-street, Chalx Farm-road, N.W.
CAUTION.—To Merchants, Drapers, and Tailors
who buy and use BLISS' CHIPPING NORTON TWEEDS.—
Whereas it having come to the knowledge of W. B. and Son that
certain manufacturers are trying to introduce a spurious imitation of
the above goods, less in substance and strength, made from very in¬
ferior materials, W. B. and Son, wishing to maintain the reputation
they have so many years enjoyed for making the stoutest, most dura¬
ble, and approved Tweed for Riding Trousers, and at the same time
wishing to protect their own interest as well as that of their friends,
havg determined to stamp each plece of their Tweed "Blis O. Nor¬
n on the back of the seivedges.
CAUTIONARY NOTICE.—Pure Atrated Waters.—
ELLIS and SON of Ruthin, beg to give notice that their dele¬
brated MINERAL WATERS can be obtained of W. BEST and
SONS, Henrietta-street, Cavendish-square, and that the corks are all
branded R. Ellis and Son, Ruthin.
COUNTERFEIT WATCHES.—CAUTION.—
M. F. DENT, Watch, Clock, and Chronometer Maker to the
Queen, cautions the public against counterfeit, and inferior watches
bearing his name and address. M. F. Deut feels compelled to make
this announcement, as such forgeries have of late years greatly in¬
creased, but which can be at once deteoted if taken to his establish¬
ment.—M. F. Dent. 33 and 34, Cockspur-street, Charing-cross, Lon.
