UNOTION.—ENGAGED 2d and 4th July.—C.
D.E.—Usque ad mortem fidells.
HOULD this MEET the EYE of one who left
England on Whit-Tuesday, 1865, WRITE HOME. All most
ious. The letter promised never received.
HOULD this MEET the EYE of Count JOSEPH
MARENZI he is invited, if in London, to CALL immediately, on
g

No. 13, Paddington-green, W.
THE GENTLEMAN who CALLED at BRIXTON

and went away without leaving his ADDRESS, is requested to SEND
it, that an explanation may be forwarded.
CIVIL SERVICE of INDIA.—The GENTLEMEN
seseeepseepsos.
e


their NAMES and ADDRESSES, Cantab, care of Cooper and Smith,

LOST, a BUNCH of KEYS, either at Dover or in



LOST. —LEFT, on the top of a Brompton omnibus,
on the 26th of June, a PAPER BOX, addressed, containing black
lace bonnet, and two pieces of white lace, the black lace having on it a
Setsem
George's-place, Knightsbridge, shall receive TWO

LEFT in a Hansom CAB, which took a gentleman


to Mr. Masters, stationer, 25, New Broad-street, city, he shall receive
a better REWARD than the things are worth to him, especially for the


the 23d inst., between Prince's-gate and the Zoological-gardens, a

enncencenm

ONE POUND. REWARD.—LEFT in a Hansom¬

Waterloo Station, by-way of Fleet-street, to Eastcheap, Cannon-street,
Lesssenssse

the bar of the New Corn Exchange Subscription Room, Mark-lane, E.C.
MISSING, LAW PAPERS, relating to property

ever will bring the same in three days to the address stated upon the
apers shall be REWARDED. After three days no reway


not claimed within three days will be SOLD to pay expenses.
FOUND, in a Hansom cab, on the 27th instant, a
BINOCULAR RACE-GLASS, in leather case. The owner may
have the same by properly describing it, on application to F. J., Mr.
Frederick May's advertising offices, 9, King-Street, St. James's.



Teeseot
nseenconssesssengereseseecntas
and ANNE, his wife, and ELIZA ARCHDALL, formerly of Exeter,
Tsssesensea.

street, Bloomsbury, London, solicitors, they may hear of something to
their advantage.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
—
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £223 7s. 4d. Consolidated £3
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of ANN
DOUGLAS, of 6. Orsett-terrace, Paddington, widow, ROBERT
HUTCHINSON LEWIN, of The Oaks, near Lymington, Hants, Esq.,
and JOHN FREDERICK ABINGTON, of Watervill, Esher, Surrey,
Esq., and which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in con¬


of three months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and

who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner
appear and make out his claim thereto.
EXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c.—A
REGISTER of all persons advertised for since 1749 to claim pro¬
y, 2s post free, 25 stamps.—Dongal and Co., 58, Chapside

CIETY for the PREVENTION of CRUELTY to ANIMALS
invite all persons upon witnessing the acts of cruelty alleged to be com¬
eeseesteresenn
JOHN COLAM, Secretary.
lars thereof to
Offices removed to 172, New Bond-street, opposite Burlington-gar¬
dens, W.
P.S. 91 convictions during last month.

Principal Registry.—To JAQUES APOLINAIRE SZELIN¬
GOWSKI, of or near the city of Paris.—Take notice, that a CITA¬
TION has issued, under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated
the 5th day of June, 1867, whereby your wife, Caroline Szelingowska, is
cited to appear within eight days after the service of the said citation
(and which was personally served on her on the 11th of the said month
of June), and accept or refuse letters of administration of the personal
estate and effects of Samuel William Reynolds, late of Lupus-street,
Pimlico, in the county of Middlesex, civil engineer, her natural and
S
granted to Charles Reynolds, the natural and lawful brother of the
said deceased; with an intimation that, in default of the appearance

will be granted to the said Charles Reynolds.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE, the
EDMOND WODEHOUSE,

Knight, now residing at the Cape of Good Hope, and Governor of that
Colony, and EDMOND WODEHOUSE, a Lieutenant-Colonel on half¬
pay, now residing at Malta.—Take notice, that a CITATION has
issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated the 24th day
of June, 1867, whereby you are cited to appear within 30 days after the
service of the said citation, and accept or refuse letters of administra¬
tion of the rest of the personal estate and effects of Edmond Wode¬
house, late of the city of Norwich, Esquire, deceased, or show cause
why letters of administration of the rest of the personal estate and

rities standing in the names of the Right Hon. George, Lord Stafford,
Baton Stafford, Charles Savill Onley, the said Edmond Wodehouse,
Edward Wenman Martin, and John-Wright, should not be granted and
committed to Sir Samuel Bignold, of the city of Norwich, Knight, as a

present Committee of Directors of the Norwich Union Life Insurance
Society, with an intimation that, in default of your appearance and of
the appearance of the other persons named in the said citation, the
said limited letters of administration will be granted to the said Sir¬
Samuel Bi  d nKni.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
ALFRED N. CHERRILL, Proctor, Doctors'-commons.

COUNCIL.—In the matter of the PETITION of THOMAS
eemes
for the PROLONGATION of the SOLE PRIVILEGE of USING and
EXERCISING an INVENTION of "Improvements in Electric Con¬
ductors and in the Means of Insulating Electric Conductors," granted
see
s

of the Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council did, on the
22d day of June instant, appoint the 15th day of July now next ensuing,

Taes
LLOYD and CHEVALLIER, 30, John-Street, Bedford-row,
Solicitors for the Petitioner.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 402.—Skipton, West
Riding of York.—In the matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Vic¬
toria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the application of JOHN
BONNY DEWHURST, of Skipton, in the parish of Skipton, in the
county of York, cotton spinner, the Registrar intends, at the expi¬
ration of three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER
with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS in the parish
eseesemseesdrusmas
or occupations of Richard Hebden, Joseph Crossley, John Platt. Wil¬
liam Gledhill, James Kirkpatrick, William Hardcastle, Priscilla
Bracewell, Christopher Lister, Alice Myers, and George Emmott, the
greater part thereof lying between and being bounded by or near to
Swadforth-Street and Albert-street, Skipton, and consisting of dwel¬
ling-houses, outhuildings, garden, orchard, barn, stables, coachhouses,
yard, and land; other part being bounded on the north by Albert¬
street; and on the west by Coach-Street, and consisting of a dwelling¬
house ; other part, comprising two cottages, lying between, and being
bounded by Albert-street and Victoria-street, and the remaining part
being situate in Albert-street, comprising a messuage formerly known
as Devonshire-house, but now occupied as two dwelling-houses, with
garden, yard, and outbuildings, and which said hereditaments are
delineated on the map No. 402, deposited in the Office of Land
Registry as part of the description of the same hereditaments,
and thereon edged with red, together with the mines and minerals
under the same. If any person object to, or desire to show cause
against, such registration, or claim that the same should be subject to
any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or incum¬
brance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before the
Registrar, should be entered on the register, such person may be heard
at the office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time
before the expiration of the said three menths, personally or by his
solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection
to or to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect of such re¬
gistration. But any person desiring to make such objection or claim¬
must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and
with his name and address thereto, in the said office before the expira¬
tion of the said three months, otherwise he will be excluded from
making the same. The aforesaid map may oe inspected at the said
office at any time before the expiration of the said three months.—
Dated this 29th day of June, 1867.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
GEORGE ROBINSON, Solicitor to the Applicant.
MINTON's CHINA.—Messrs. GOODE beg respect¬
fully to CAUTION the public against ANONYMOUS CIRCU¬
LARS (in which their name appear), containing a garbled extract from
The Times, issued by a west-end firm, without name, address, or date.
— Depot for Minton's china, 19, South Audley-street, Grosvenor-square,
CAUTION.—HOWARD's PATENT WOOD
TAPESTRY.—Notice is hereby given, that Messrs. Howard and
Sons, of Berners-street, Oxford-street, have, by letters patent, regis¬
tered their invention of wood tapestry (for covering walls in lieu of
painting), and notice is hereby further given, that they will take pro¬
ceedings against any person infringing the patent, or party privy
thereto, so as to protect the rights and privileges secured to them by
this patent.
JAS. GOREN, Solicitor to and for Messrs. Howard and Sons,

CAUTION to the WINE TRADE.—LOUIS
ROEDERER's "CARTE BLANCHE CHAMPAGNE.—In the
Second Chamber of the Imperial Court of Paris of the 6th February,
1865, in the cause of Louis Roederer v. Theophile Roederer and Co.,
udgment was given in favour of the plaintiff; and it was decreed that
"The defendants shall be bound to insert henceforth in their adver¬
tisements, invoices, and prospectuses, as on their brands, labels, and
corks—1s½. The Christian name of Theophile. 2d. The following
note," Established in 1864"; and further, "that this Christian name, and
this note, must appear there in letters of the same dimensions, and
of the same shape, as the name of Roederer." For the decree in full,
see The Times of the 27th of March, 1865; Manchester Guardian,
8th April; Liverpool Mercury, 14th July; Liverpool Courier, 25th July;
Liverpool Daily Post, 3d August.—Mr. Louis Roederer, by his agent
in England, again draws attention to the above decision of the Court
of Appeal, given at Paris on the 6th February, 1865, and in order to
avoid confusion of brands and disappointment, requests the patrons
of his brand always to mention his Christian name of Louis, when
ordering his "Carte Blanche" Champagne.—Reims, December. 1866.
Note.—Mr. Louis Roederer employs no travellers, and his transac¬
tions in this country are confined to licensed English wine merchants
SATURDAY HALF-HOLYDAY. — Messrs.
GOODE beg
spectfully to state their WAREHOUSES are
CLOSED on SATURDAYS at TWO O'CLOGK.—Depot for Minton's
china, 19, South Audley-street, and 15, South-street, Grosvenor-square.
SATURDAY HALF-HOLYDAY.—ALLISON and
Co. beg to inform their numerous patrons that they still continue
to CLOSE their ESTABLISHMENT on SATURDAYS at TWO
O'CLOCK. They would esteem it a favour if ladies would make their
purchases before that hour. —Regent-house, 238, 240, 242, Regent-street,
and 27, Argyll-street.
FIRE.—Messrs. E. T. MANNING and Co., Military
Tailors, 124, New Bond-street (late Redpath and Manning), re¬
spectfully announce that, the re-building of their premises having been
completed, they are now CARRYING ON their BUSINESS, as
usual, at the above address, where all communications for them should
 directed from this date.
MESSRS. E. T. MANNING and Co., 124, New
Bond-street, in thanking their numerous customers for their
kind support, and for the consideration shown to them during a
period of difficulty, caused by the burning down of their establish¬
ment, and, subsequently, the striks of the journeymen, beg to state
that they have effected complete arrangements for the prompt execu¬
tion of all orders with which they may be favoured.
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY-OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES in England and on the continent in¬
stituted with secresy and despatch by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington¬
green, London, W.
PRIVATE INQUIRY-OFFICE, 2, Southampton¬
buildings, Holborn. —Mr. BENTLEY (late Sheriff's officer), having
had 20 years' experience, undertakes inquiries of all kinds requiring
secrecy and despatch, especially for the Divorce Court
PHRENOLOGY.—Dr. DONOVAN's experienco in
this science enables him to give information of great value con¬
cerning education and the choice of a profession, as well as in other
important matters. At home from 19 to 6.—111, Strand, opposite
Exeter-hall.
