H. A.—Your Father wishes you to go to him.
Return at once. Start on Monday.
DARLING, let us know how and where you
M.
We are all pretty well.—S. AUDADE.
CHILD.—Every prospect of full discovery from
The North; partial explanations already had to be given as
enue.
TO WILLIE—.—H. M. A. earnestly entreats you to
let her know where you are, and to return immediately. All will
yet be well if you will only come back.
WOURS RECEIVED. Weather beautiful. The
cherries will be in blossom in about a fortnight. Don't forget
the matches and plenty of them next time.—Jan. 18.
—
JOHN A—T must come home, or he will break his
mother's heart. Nobody knows or will know if he will only
. Send address. Father most anxious, and will write.
—January the 22d.—An affectionate greeting this
morning, dearest, and many happy returns of this day's anm¬
versary. Try and write a line to the address I notified on return.
Ever unchanged, and with every kind wish for your health and
happiness.
PUTNEY, December, 1871. — What is this ? What has
it been? What have I done? Can language express your unkind¬
ness? Have you no thought for all I have borne these years? No
remembrance of ad you made me believe? I am driven from God's
house. Let me hear the truth yourself, for her sake.
IF ALEXANDER M. FRASER will COMMUNI¬
CATE with H. F. M. Callum, 1012, Chestnut-street, Phila¬
deiphia, U. S. A., be will receive information to his advantage.
ROSS, HUGH, MARY, and HARRIET (Children
of — Ross, harrister; about 40 years ago of St. John's-wood,
London), Hugh, it is supposed, went to Jamaica. Harriet was a
milliner. Had an uncle in Edinburgh. Above or heirs APPLY to
Flowers, 1, Torphichen-street, Edinburgh.
JUGUSTUS PENTON.—If Augustus Penton, for¬
merly Lieutenant in Her Majesty's 63rd regiment, who left his
regiment in Intia for the United States of America or Canada, in the
year 1851, if living or his chiloren, if any, will APPLY to Messrs. W.
W. and R. Wren. No. 50, Fenchurch-Street, London, Solicitors, he or
they will hear of a leuacy.
THE CHELSEA HOSPITAL for WOMEN, 178,
King's-road, S.W. President—the Right Hon. the Earl of
WHARNCLIFFE.—The Commictee of Management very gratefully
ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of £5 (donation) from Mrs. Browne,
and £2 (annual subscription) from George Medley, Esq., in aid of its
funds.—G. S. FIELDGATE, Secretary pro tem.
LEFT in a Hansom CAB, on Tuesday morning,
January 18, when alighting at Cuaring-cross Raiway Station, a
BROWN SILK PURSE, with mesal slides, containing gold and silver
money. Any person delivering the same at No. 73, Belsize-park-gar¬
dens, Hampstend shall receive FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 20th
of January, at St. George's Church, or 13, Albemarle-street, a
GOLD BAND GRACELET, with three carbuncles. Any person
taking it to 25, Great Cumberland-place, shall receive the reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a LADYS
GOLD WATCH, No. 5,651. Supposed to have been dropped in
a first class carriage of the Underground Railway between the Glou¬
cester-road and Victorin Stations on Wednesday evening last, about
10 o'clock. Address Mrs. Clarke, 53. Hugh-Street, Eccleston-square, S.W.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bankof
England to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £525 New £3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of ANNE BALD.
WIN DYSON, of Everton, near Liverpool, widow  JOSEPH
HORNBY, of Everton, near Liverpool, merchant and GEORGE
MeMILLAN, of Willow-ball, near Halifar, Yorkshire, gentleman,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence
of the Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th
April, 1858;—Notice is bereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid to James Bourne, acting surviving executor
of Anne Boldwin Dyson, widow, deceased, who was the survivor, who
has claime	 same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and makehis claim thereto.
CHARLES BURGES SNELLING, Watchmaker
and Siversmith, of Silver-street, City, London, hereby give
notice, that, desiring henceforward to be known and denominated by
the name of Ropert Charles Burges onelling, I have this 20th day of
January, 1876, PREFIXED the NAME of ROBERT to that hereto¬
fore used by me.	(Signed)		ROBERT C. B. SNELLING.
Witness—Thos. James Elwin.
Herbert Cavan Irving, of
oe e e, Eeaton-place, in
ater.
ddlesex, Esquire,here.
ore called and known as
HERBERT IRVING, hereby give notice, that it is my intention,
from and after this date, to ASSUME and USE (as I hereby doy the


fore my present surname of Irving, and
that I shall henceforth call and dee
thae self in all deeds and
writings and on all oceasi
t Herbe.
Cavan Irving.—As witness my
hand this 21st day of January, 1876.
HERBERT CAVAN IRVING.
Witness—W. Gordon, 15, New Broad-street, London, E.C.
CONSULATE-GENERAL of the REPUBLIC of
URUGUAY, London, January 10th, 1876.—Notice to Merchants,
Smppers, &c. 1, the undersigned Vice-Consul, in charge of the Con¬
sulate-General of the Republic of Uruguay, hereby give notice that by
a decree of the Government of Montevidee, dated November 4th, 1879,
it is ordained that the invoices of all goods, wares, or merchandize,
having for destination a port or ports
 rur  n  nee
hall
be legalized at the Consulates of the Republic in their respective
distriets.
That by Article 3 of the aforesaid decree, it is ordained that falling
such legalization no goods, &c., shall be passed through any of the
Customs of the Renublic.
This new regulation is now in foreo,
E. E. PRITCHARD, Vice-Consul, in charge of the
Consulate-tieneral.
WHEREAS THOMAS BLACKWELL, of Brooks¬
hill Harrow Weald, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire,
and DANIEL WILLSHEN SOAMES, of Harrow Weald afore¬
said.
Esquire, being respectivelv interested under the provisions
of "The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement
of Lands," in the LAND and HEREDITAMENTS set forth in the
Schedule hereunder written, with the easements and appurtenances
thereunto belonging, and being desirous of effecting an EXCHANGE
of the same, have made application, in writing, to the inclosure Com¬
missioners for England and Waies, to direct enquiries whether such
proposed exchange would be beneficial to the owners of such respec¬
tive lands an hereditaments, and to proceed with the same under the
provisions of the said Acts.
Now the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, being of
opinion that such exchange would be beneficial, and that the terms
thereof are just and reasonuble, hereby give notice that they will cause
to be framed and confirmed, under their hands and seal, an Order of
Exchange in the matter of the said application, unless notice in
writing of dissent to the said proposed exchange be given to them by
some person entitied to an estate in, or to a charge upon, the said land
and hereditaments, or any part thereof, on or before the 24th day of

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Notice refers.
Land and Hereditaments in which the aboveer
ned Thomas Black-¬
weil is interested, situate in the parish of Harrow, in the County of
Middlesex, and proposed to be exchanged for the land and heredi¬
taments hereinafter specified:—
Nos. on Harrow Inclosure Award, dated 1817.—372, 83, 84. Descrip¬
tion.—Old enclosure and allotment, 5a. 3r. 28p. The above being a
piece or parcel of land situate at Hatch-end, bounded on the north by
the public road leading from Uxbriage to Stanmore, and on all other
sides by land belonging to the Trustees of Daniel Willshen Soames.
Land and Hereustaments in which the above named Daniel Willshen
Soames is interested, situate in the parish of Harrow, in the County
of Middlesex, and proposed to be exchunged for the land and heredi¬
taments hereinbefore specified:—
Nos. on Harrow Inclosure Award, dated 1817.—Part of 353, 358, 358a,
78. Description. Old enclosures and shotment, 6a. 0r. 260. The
above being a piece or parcel of meadow land at Harrow Weald, part
of a field called Sell Meadow, and bounded on the north by the public
road from Uxbridge to Stanmore, on the south by the remaining por¬
tion of Bell Mesdow, and on the west by land belonging to the said
Thomas blackwell.
Witness my hand this 6th day of January, in the year of Our Lord
one thousand eigut hundred and seventy-six.
H. PYNE, by order of the Board.
Inc osure Commission, 3, St. James's-square, London, S.W.
POOL v. BROOKS.—Since the above trial in
November and the unsatisfactory verdiet, for his own protec¬
tion from being imposed apon, Mr. R. BROOKS feels it necessary
to give notice that any dealer or commission agent recommending
gentlemen to buy pictures or other works of art at his establishmont
will not receive any commission or be remunerated in any way what¬
ever. — Palaotechme Galleres, 106, New Bond-street.
NEXT of KIN OFFICE.—Established 1825 by
ROBERT CHAMBERS, 4, Cannon-row, Westminster, Lon¬
don. Note.—It cannot be too generally known that a record is kept of
persons advertised for. Third edition of Index. 10s. 6d.; initial letter 1s.
PEDIGREES COMPILED by the advertiser, who
having, during a search of 15 years in the Public Record office,
abstracted from the pleas and other rolls evidence touching the his¬
tory of famines and estates, can give the true history of every family
in England.—JAMES PHILLIPPE, 93, H-ghgate-road, London.
LOST DOGS.—A large number waiting to be owned
at the HOME for LOST DOGs, Lower Wandsworth-road, Bat¬
tersea (York-road Station). Apply between 10 and 4, except Sunday

BRITISH NURSING ASSOCIATION. Eall
SHAFTESBURY, K.G., President.—TRAINED NURSES
SUPPLIED to families in medical and surgical cases, on application
to the Matron, 3a, Cambridge-place, Paddington, W.
GENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, 5, Henrietta¬
.
street, Covent-garden, W.C.
Medical Director—ALFRED EBSWORTH, F.R.C.S.
Resident skilled medical, surgical, and monthly nurses are supplied
at a moment's notice from this lustitute ; also fever nurses, male at¬
taendants, and wet aurses. Applications to be addressed to the Secre¬
aryor Lady Superintendent.
JURSES (Hospital Traied).—Resident Institution,
299, Oxford-street, W. Under Medical, Supervision.—Tho¬
roughly experienced, reliable NURSES are supplied to the public and
medical profession at a moment's notice for medical, surgical, monthly,
mental, fever, and small-pox cases; also male attendants. Apply, by
letter, telegram, or personally, to the Lady Sunerintendent.
JURSES.—Mr. WILSONS INSTITUTION,
96, Wimpole-street, Cavendish-square (ostabdished 1867).—The
medical profession and the public are supplied at a moment's notice
with our own resident nurses, the most respectable and experienced
women that can be obtained, and who have had special hospital
training for Medical, Surgical, Monthly, Mental, Fever Cases, &c.
Nurses sent to all parts of England and the Continent, upon parti¬
culars of the cuse being suppued, personally or by letter or telegram,
to the Lady Superintendent.— Director, Mr. Wilson,
REFORMED FUNERALS COMPANY (Limited).
New Brougnams for Funeral Carriages. No mutes, plumes,
or other repulsive paraphernalia.—31, Cambridge-place, Norfolk-square,
W.; 53, City-road, E.C., late Shilbbeer. Charges on application. Com
petent person sent immediately to any address to receive instructions
REFORMED FUNERALS, with Patent Earth to
Earth Coffins.—The LONDON NECHOPOLIS COMPANY 1s
prepared to conduct funerals upon the principle recently advocated in
Times, dispensing with all procession, and without the inter¬
vention of the ordinary undertaker at any stage of the proceedings,
All that is necessary is that, in the case of death, notice of the event
should be sent immediately to the Copany's office. The new Patent
Necropolis Earth to Earth Coffin may be seen at the office, 2, Lan¬
easter-place, Strand, W.
MEMORIAL BRASSES, Crosses, and Inscription
Plates designed and engraved by E. MATTHEWS, 377, Oxford-¬
street, London, W. Exhibitor, 1851, 1862. Established 1810. Altar
Crosses and Church Metal Work. Designs and estimates forwarded.
"Witness shall live in brass."—Shakespeare.
COX and SONS C.
BALOGU   e
JUMENTS,
C
tombs, crosses and head s
tes, in granite, marble, and stone.

tomb¬
te e, enural tablets, &c., designed by eminent.
architeets and others, with prices, sent for six stamps.—Cox and Sons.

tical warehouse and show rooms, 28 and 29, Southampton¬
street, Strand, Factory, the Wood and
tone Carving, Gothic Metal,
aen n o
mental Works, College-wharf, Belvederer.
d



—
HOW COLD it has BEEN.—NEGRETTI and
ZAMBRAS celebrated THERMOMETERS will correctly re¬
gister the lowest tomperature. Price 3s. 6d. The trade supplied.
OPERA and FIELD GLASSES, Telescopes, &c.—
NEGRETTIand ZAMBA ,S.
NEGRETTI ard ZAMBRAS ENCYCLOPEDIC
CATALOGUE of Philosophical, Mathematical, and Metcorolo¬
geal Apparatus, 1,100 engravings, and numerous tables of reference.
Price 5s. 6d.—Holborn Viaduct, 45, Cornhill, E.C.; 122, Regent-street,
W.; and Crystal Palace, Sydenham.
SURVEYING, Mathematical, Astronomical, IN¬
STRUMENTS, Microscopes and Apparatus, Telescopes, Opera
and Field Glasses, Drawing Instruments, Cameras, Leuses, Baro¬
meters, Thermometers, Spectacles. Cataiogue 3d. Purchases, ex¬
changes.—WATSON and SON, 313, Holborn London. Dissolving
views. Send two stamps for W. and Sou's new lantern catalogue.
COUNTERFEIT WATCHES.—CAUTION.—
M. F. DENT. Watch, Clock, and Chronometer Maker to the
Queen, cautions the public against countericit and inferior watches
bearing his name and address. M. F. Dent feels compelled to make
this announcement, as such forgeries have of late years greatly in¬
creased, but which can be at once detected if taken to his establish¬
ment.—M. F. Dent, 33 and 39, Cockspur-Street, Charing-cross, London.
BILLIARD TABLES, full sized, new and second¬
hand, best makers; 2-inch slate bed, fast cushious, balls, on
markers, &c. 40 guineas; 10ft., £35; Sit., £16 and £25.—BENNETT
and Co., Makers to Royal Family and War-officé, Surrey-street, Strand
BAGATELLES.—ASSER and SHERWIN'S supe¬
rior quality; nine ivory balls, cue, mace, pegs, rules, &c., 30s.
The new game, Go Bang, 5s. complete. The Guinea Cabinet contains
3 games. Packed for the country on receipt of post-office order for
21s. 6d.—Asser and sherwin, 80 and 81, Strand, W.C.,
