TOMMY.—If you will CALL at the old place, you
will find a letter for A. B. Do not delay.—J. R.
GEORGE DOWNTON.—This person was last heard
of in Melbourne, Australia, about five years ago ; he is, if living,
entitled to property under the estate of his late brother Mr. Jonathan
Downton. INFORMATION to be sent to Mr. Walter, solicitor,
Limehouse, London.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. — Whereas
some evil-disposed perse.
te rsons has or have within the last
fortnight written and sent FICTITIOUS and ANONYMOUS LET¬
TERS and TELEGRAMS to several SHAREHOLDERS and CUS¬
TOMERS of AGRA and MASTERMAN's BANK (Limited), urging
them to sell their shares and withdraw their accounts, as the Bank was
about to stop payment;—Now, the above sum will be paid by the
undersigned to any person who will give such INFORMATION as
shall lead to the detection and conviction of the party or parties who

customer of the Bank who has received any such letter or telegram is
requested to forward the same to the undersigned. Apply to Walter
Justice, Esq., solicitor, 6, Bernard-street, Russell-square, London, W. C.
LOST or STOLEN, in transmission through post, a
BANK POST BILL, No. 4,320, payable to William Ehrhardt, or
order, and specially endorsed by him. Amount £16 10s. Parties are
cautioned against negotiating the same, as payment has been stopped.
LOST, a LONDON DOCK WARRANT,
K 8  736, for
N
uarter-cask WINE, ex Cadiz, from Cadiz,
marked "H B," with "L" under, "No. 6," and entered by Moncado
and Co., 1st December, 1865. Finder taking same to Moncado and Co.,
No. 8, Martin's-lane, E.C., shall be REWARDED.
LOST, near the Opera-house, Haymarket, on Satur¬
day last, or in Belgrave-square, a BRACELET, several rows of
white Roman pearls, a dark onyx clasp. ONE GUINEA RE¬
WARD if brought to Mr. Adcock, ironmonger, Halkin-street west,

LOST, on the Derby night, at Cremorne, a BROWN
LEATHER PURSE, containing £4 or £5 in gold, an I.O.U. for
£25, four Photographs, and some Papers. If the finder will bring the
purse and other contents to Deacon's, 154, Leadenhall-street, he may
keep the gold.
LOST, on Saturday afternoon, either at the Houses
of Parliament or at the Portrait Gallery, South Kensington, an
OVAL DARK-BLUE ENAMEL LOCKET, set with nine pearis, pho¬
tograph at the back. ONE POUND REWARD will be given to who¬
ever will bring it to 29, Hertford-street, Mayfair.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LEFT in a CAB,
on the 22d inst., which took up at the Agricultural-hall and set
down in the Greenwood-road, Dalston, a BLACK BAG. Apply at
No. 24, Hardinge-street, Upper-street, Islington.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in the New
Finchley-road, St. John's-wood, on Wednesday afternoon, a
GOLD WATCH, with silver face, drop chain, and key. Apply at
Harrison's library, 24, Queen's-terrace, St. John's-wood.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, May 29th,
a GOLD CHAIN and DOUBLE EYE-GLASS, with two lockets,
one containing a child's photograph; also a stone cross, silver pencil¬
case, &c. Supposed to have been dropped either in Manchester-street.
Manchester-square, Edwards-street, or Sloane-street. Whoever has
found the same and will take them to Mr. Twinberrow, 2, Edwards¬
street, Portman-square, shall receive the above reward.
IVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednes¬
day last, a BLACK ENAMELLED HORSE SHOE BROOCH,
with diamond nails, supposed to have been dropped somewhere be¬
tween Regent-street, Pall-mall, and Bond-street. Whover will bring
the same to Hancock and Burbrook, 37, Conduit-street, shall receive
the above reward.
SIX POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on Friday, the
25th of May, between the hours of 1 and 5 o'clock, a small
DIAMOND RING (single stone). Whoever will bring the same to
Mr. John Durden, watchmaker, 40, Fenchurch-Street, E.C., shall re¬
receive the above reward.
STRAYED, from Carlile-house, Rosslyn-hill, Hamp¬
stead, on the 28th May, a large BLACK GREYHOUND. Had
on a leather collar with brass plate, engraved "T. Elder," &c. Answers
to the name of "Nimrod." Any person restoring the same to the

FOUND, in the Finchley-road, on Wednesday after¬
noon, a small GOLD WATCH. The owner, by describing the
same, may have it by applying at 15, Charles-street, Manchester-se.
TO PARISH CLERKS.—ONE POUND RE¬
WARD, for CERTIFICATE of DEATH of RALPH GREGGE.
Living 1761; supposed to be dead 1788, near St. Mary-axe. Address
Mr. W. Mackay, 361, Hackney-road; or Mr. J. W. Tayler, 219, Mile¬
end-road.
IN the Matter of MARY FERRIOR, a lunatic, so
found by Inquisition.— Under the provisions of the Lunacy Regu¬
lation Act, 1853, any person or persons claiming to be the HEIR or
HEIRS at LAW of the said MARY FERRIOR, formerly residing at
Pearston, near Haverfordwest, in the county of Pembroke, but now
residing at Great Heaton, in the parish of St. Ishmael's, in the same
county, or claiming to be entitled, under the Statutes for the Distribu¬
tion of Intestates' Estates (in case she were now dead intestate), to her
personal estate, are, on or before the 25th day of June, 1866, by their
solicitors, to come in and prove their heirship or kindred before the
Masters in Lunacy, at their office, No. 45, Lincoln's-inn-fields, in the
county of Middlesex; or, in default thereof, they will be precluded
from the benefit of all proceeding in the above matter.—Dated this
29th day of May, 1866.
EYRE and LAWSON, 1, John-Street, Bedford-row, agents for
Powell, Mathias, and Evans, Haverfordwest, Committee's
Solicitors.
HEIRS WANTED.—British, Colonial, and foreign
properties remain unclaimed. Families entitied to any lost pro¬
rty left between 1740 and 1866, may procure information at
RICHARDS' FOREIGN AGENCY, 10, Glocester-street, Queen¬
are, W.C. Property recovered on commission.
NEXT of KIN (important—never before published).

aesi i e d e e

ADVERTISEMENTS for NEXT of KIN, Chancery heirs, legatees,
and unclaimed money from 1760 to 1866; also of British subjects who
have died intestate in the colonies, sent post free for 30 stamps. Ad¬
dress Mr. CULLMER, 6, Holland-street, Clapham-road, London, S.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 3,264.—The FAIR HAVEN.—Whereas a cause of
Bottomy has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty og Eng¬
land on behalf of Messrs. W. A. and G. Maxwell and Company, of
Liverpool, the legal holders of a Bottomy Bond on the brig or vessel
Fair Haven, her cargo and freight, against the said vessel, her tackle,
apparel, and furniture, and the cargo now or lately laden therein, to¬
gether with the freight due for the transportation thereof, and whereas
the said vessel is now lying in Stanley Dock, Liverpool, under arrest
by virtue of a warrant issued from the Registry of the said Court, and
no appearance for the owner of the said vessel or for others interested
therein has been entered in the said cause:—This is to give notice to all
persons who have, or claim to have any RIGHT, Title, or Interest in
the said VESSEL, that if an appearance in the said cause be not en¬
tered in the Registry of the said Court within six days from the publi¬
cation of this notice the Judge of the said Court will order the said
vessel to be sold, to answer the claims instituted, or to be instituted
against the same, or make such order in the premises as to him shall

H. A. BATHURST, Assistant Registrar.
Notice of sale of ship, taken out by Pritchard and Sons, No. 18,
Great Knightrider-street, Doctors'-commons, London, Agents for
Bateson, Robinson, and Morris, solicitors, Liverpool.
MALTA and ALEXANDRIA TELEGRAPH, in
connexion with Cairo, Syrian, and Persian Gulf Telegraph.—
TELEGRAMS for EGYPT and INDIA.—It having been ascertained
that messages for Egypt are frequently forwarded by the Foreign
Telegraph authorities, via Constantinopie, thus occupying in transit
from four to five days, the public are recommended to insert after the
receiver's address the words "via Malta," in order to ensure the trans¬
mission of their telegrams by the direct route.
Messages for India can also be forwarded vis Malta, Syria, and the
Persian Gulf Telegraph, by which an alternate route is obtained, with
greatly increased speed in transmission.
R. A. GLASS, Managing Director.
NORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT
DISTRICT.—Parish of Paddington.—I, the undersigned J. H.
Mitchiner, anditor of the above named district, do hereby give notice
that I have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the PARISH
of PADDINGTON for the half-year ended the 25th day of March,
1866, to commence on Friday, the 15th day of June next, at half-past
10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Workhouse, Harrow-road, when and
where all persons who by law are bound to account at such audit are
required to attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills, and
vouchers, containing or relating to the accounts or to moneys assessed
for, and applicable to, the relief of the poor. —Dated the 31st day of

J. H. MITCHINER, District Auditor.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNER¬
SHIP heretofore subsisting between us, the undersigned Charles
Augustus Lewin and Stephen Lewin, carrying on business at Poole, in
the county of Dorset, as timber and slate merchants, under the style
or firm of "Charles A. Lewin," was this day DISSOLVED by mutual
consent, and in future the business will be carried on by the said
Stephen Lewin on his separate account, at the same place, and he will
receive and pay all debts due and owing to and from the said part¬
nership.—As witness our hands this 26th day of May, 1866.
CHARLES A. LEWIN.
STEPHEN LEWIN.
ness to the signature—H. W. Dickinson, solicitor, Poole, Dorset.
NOTICE is herepy given, that application will be
made by George Herbert, late of Summer-hill, Dartford, in the
county of Kent, but now of No. 9, Upper Phillimore-place, Kensing¬
ton, in the county of Middlesex, gentleman, and Robert Sterling
Newall, Charles Liddell, and Lewis Dunbar Brodie Gordon, all
of 24, Abingdon-street, Westminster, in the said county of Middlesex,
and carrying on business there as submarine telegraph contractors, un¬
der the style or firm of R. S. NEWALL and Co., by PETITION to
Her Majesty in Council for a PROLONGATION of the TERM of
SOLE USING and VENDING an INVENTION of "Improvements
in Constructing and Mooring Light Vessels, Buoys, and other similar
Floating Bodies," granted to the said George Herbert by Her Majesty's
Letters Patent bearing date the 8th day of April, 1853, in the sixteenth
year of her reign, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Ireland, the Channel Islands, and Isle of Man, which said letters
patent and the privileges thereby granted now belong to the proposed
petitioners. And notice is hereby given, that the proposed petitioners
intend to apply by connsel to the Judicial Committee of the Privy
Council on the 14th day of July now next, or, if the said Judicial
Committee shall not sit on that day, at the next sitting of the Judicial
Committee after that date, for a time to be fixed for hearing the
matter of their said petition; and that on or before the said 14th day of
July next, notice must be given of any opposition intended to be made
to the said petition; and any person intending to oppose the said
application must lodge a caveat to that effect at the Council-office on
or before that date. — Dated this 31st day of May, 1866.
WILSON, BRISTOWS, and CARPMAEL, 1, Copthall-buildings,
London, Solicitors for the abovenamed Petitioners.
PROOF of GUN BARRELS.—TEN POUNDS
REWARD.—The Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house
hereby give notice that on the 22d day of February last, Ludwig
Rosenthall (of the firm of Rosenthall and Osmond), of 132, Fenchurch¬
street, London, commission agents, was convicted before the presiding
Alderman, at the Mansion-house, in the city of London, of an offence
under the Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1855, by selling small arms, the bar¬
rels of which had not been duly proved and marked as proved under
—
(The small arms in respect of which this conviction was obtained
were muskets of Austrian make, which had been imported into this
country for the purposes of sale, without being proved in accordance
with the English law, but as the defendant pleaded ignorance and pro¬
mised not to offend again, a mitigated penalty only was imposed.
Also, that on the 19th day of March last, Gustay Masu, of 3 A, Wig¬
more-street, Cavendish-square, London, gunmaker, was convicted be¬
fore Mr. Mansfield, Stipendiary Magistrate, at the Marylebone Police
Court, London, of an offence against the said Act, by selling a fowling¬
piece, the barrels of which were of Belgian make, and bore the Belgian
proof mark and no other, notwithstanding such barrels had a name
thereon purporting to indicate that they were of English make, whereby
they had become liable to the English proof and proof-mark, where¬
sesee.
Also, that on the 17th day of May instant, George Grazebrook (of the
firm of Grazebrook, Son, and Co.), of 8, India-buildings, Liverpool,
merchants, was convicted before Mr. Railles, Stipendiary Magistrate,
at the Police Court, Liverpool, of an offence against the said Act, by
selling 44 muskets and three pistols of foreign make without any proof¬

And the said Guardians further give notice that upon information
of any other person or persons in the like case oy cases offending
against the provisions of the said Act, they, the said Guardians, will
prosecute, and upon conviction will pay a reward of £10 to their in¬

Information may be given at the Proof-house, in Banbury-street,

By order,
WILLIAM S. ALLEN, 35, Waterloo-street, Birmingham, Law
Clerk to the Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house.
May, 1866.
PROOF of GUNBARRELS.—Caution. — Whereas,
it has recently come to the knowledge of the Guardians of the
Birmingham Proof-house that old military barrels, bearing the Tower
mark only, have got into the hands of private individuals, and have
been made up into small arms without proof under the Gun Barrel
Proof Act, 1855. The said Guardians hereby give notice, that such
barrels cannot lawfully be used in the making of small arms without
being duly proved and duly marked as proved under the said Act, and
that persons selling, or exchanging, or exposing, or keeping for sale, or
exporting, or attempting to export from this country any small arms
inte which such barrels as aforesaid have been made up, are liable to a
penalty under the said Act of £20 for each barrel so used.

WILLIAM S. ALLEN, Law Clerk to the Guardians of the
Birmingham Proof-house.
No. 35 Waterloo-street, Birmingham, April, 1866.
BOLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE,—
Confidential inquiries in England and on the continent.—Offices,
No. 13, Paddington-green, W.
BUREAU de RENSEIGNEMENTS, Particuliers
de toute Nature (Private Inquiry-office), 20, Devereux-court,
Temple, and 78, Elizabeth-Street, Melbourne, New South Wales, Esta¬
blished in London, 1852. Inquiries made at home and abroad for
noblemen, gentlemen solicitors, railway and other joint stock com¬

OPTICAL INSTRUMENTS :—Microscope, £4 10s.;
-inch best semi-circular theodolite, £16; and Y level £2 Made
for Troughton and Simms, 103, Camberwell-road, S.
