LULU.—Splendid day. Wish I were with you. Enjoy

Good-bye.—HARRY.
RERTRAN.—The WIFE of the late CHARLES
BERTRAN, French cook, is requesied to CALL at 10, Rutland-¬
soene eneeeergemmsmusnuns
INCLAIMED MONEY.—WANTED, JOHN
GRAINGER, or his Representative. He was a painter, born

James-street, Bedford-row, W.C.
NEXT of KIN.—£3,000.—Counsellor KEAN
Leessa¬
married an Irish widow
died there afterwards. Her CHILDREN by her former husband or
her own RELATIONS are mquessed to CORRESPOND with

THE SECRETARY of the ROYAL SOCIETY for
the PREVENTION of CRUELTY to ANIMALS begs to tender
Loee
te e


St. James's.
TO PARISH CLERKS and others.—A REWARD
Lsesemens
PRSSENT ADDRESS o CHARLES NOBLE (otherwise NORTON),
sessessme
or give satisiactory proof of hig death. His age is about 83. Apply to
Messrs. Latter and Willett, solicitors, Bromlcy, Kent.
ge.

CHASED BRACELET. A REWARD of FIVE POUNDS will be
paid to any one taking it to 64, Oid Broad-street, city, London.
TEN GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, in August,
1871, between Great Western Hotel and Seaufort-buildings, a
DOUBL-BARRELLED BHEECH LOADING GUN, by Pardey,
No.6, 235, 13 bore, stock of mapie wood, was in leather case, marked
Win. Watson, Esq. Above reward will be paid for its recovery.
Apply 34, Cambridge-terrace, Hyde-park,
—LONDON INTERNATIONAL EXHIBI¬
TION.-ANCIENT DRINKING CUPS. SaltCellars, Spoons,
Knives and Forks, Uruet Stands, and other utenads for the table,
Tobacco Pipes and Graters, Snuffpoxes, &c., made before 1800, will be
admitted into the Food Division for comparison with similer modern
utensils. Possessors willing to LEND them to Her Majesty's Commis¬
stones are requested to communicatt with the Secretary, offices, In¬
ternational Exbinition, Upper Kensington-gore, S.W.
—LONDON INTERNATIONAL EXHIBI¬
TION.—ANCIENT SILS and M BROIDERIEs, manu¬
factured before 1809, will be admitte into the Silk and Velvet Division
for comparison with similar monern manufactures. Bossessors wilding
to LENh them to Her Majestys Commissionses are requested to com¬
municate with the seeretary, offices, International Exhibition, Upper
Kensington-gore, S.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimhed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of
£5,056 bs. 3d, annone on £419 10s. L1d. Consolidated £3 per Cent,
Annulhes, heretofore standing in the name of MARIA SARGANT.
od 8, Anguatus-roai, Edgbaston, Warwickshire, spinster, and which
divicends were paid over so the Commissioners for the Heduction of the
National Debt in conseguence of the first thereof naving remained
unclaimed since the 5th January, 1862: Notice is hereby given that,
on the expiration of tupee months from this date the said Dividends
will be paid to Maria Chance, wife of Arent ue Peyster Chance, for¬
merly Maria Sargant, splnases, who has claimed the same, unless
some other clammant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
tereto.
THAMES CONSERVANCY. — Fisheriss. —Notice
is hereby given, that the Conservators of the River Thames
ropose to make the rollowing BYE-LAW for the REGULATION of
the FISHERIES in the RIVER THAMES, from the Ciry stone, near
Staines, to Crickade, so far as relates to ANGLING during a part of


The Concertators of the River Tha
tote in exercice of the powers
an nd aathority vester
them e  han
te s,
Conserve.
1857 and 1864," and the "Thames Navigation Act, 1865," and of every
other antnority them hereunto in anywise enapling, do order and di¬
rect as fohlors, that is to say:—Notwitnstancing the eighth Bye-Law
passed under the seal of the Conservators of the River Thames, the
14th day of June, 1859, and allowed by Her Majesty in Council at rne
Court held at Winasor on the 11th nay of November, 1859, for regu¬
lating (amongst other things) the Fisherles in the River, Thames,
whereby it is proviced that the fence season in the upper rwver for pice
and all ocber river ush, except salmon, saimon trom, and trous, suall
he the perlod between the 14th of February in each yoer and the 31st
day of May jollswing, it shall be lawful to fist, for and take by
angling, bat not othergise, pike and other river ush, except salmon¬
saimon trout, and troft, between the 14th of February and the 1st or
March in every year.
any objection to, or representation respesring the above peoposed
Bye-naw should be sent to or lert aith the Secretary of the Longir¬
vaters, at No. 41, T rinity-square, Tower-hail, on or before the 14th day
of December next.
. BURSTAL, Secretary.
No. 41, Trinaty-square, Tower-hill, 9th November, 1872.
NUTICE is hereby given that I the undersigned
Alfred John Jazes-hnowne (heretofore known as Alfred Jol
Lrowne, or St Joun's Collegs Cambridge Genneman have TAKEN
and ASSUMED the SURNAME of my lare maternal uncle JseP
BEETE JURES Drracter of the Geological burvey of irsland deceased.
immeniately before and in conjunguon with my pdernal surname ot
Browne And that 1 intend hencefor in all documents adh writings
to designate mysoif and sign my name as Altred Joun Jukes Browne
and such name nereaftor to bear and use on all occasions as in proper
an f rightial name instead of my suid former name ot alires John
browns And for the berser evidencing such addmon and change 1
have this day executed a deed Poldeclaring such my intention and
which deed will be forthwith anrolied in Her Majesty's Righ Court of
Chancery. Dated this second day of November 18742.
ALFD. J. JURES-BROWNE.
Witness—Thomas George Bonney Fellow and Tutor of
St Jonn; Conlage Cambridge.
IMPEY—LOVIBOND.—Notice is hereby given, that
in the London Gazette of the 1st day of November instant is con¬
talued a Notification, under date Whirenall, Octuber 21, 1872, that the
Queen had been plensed to glant unto ARCHIBALD IMPEY, of
Ireton House, Cheltenbm, in ane county of Gioncester, Esquire,
Colonel in the Corps of Royal (late Bengall Engineers on retired fun¬
pay, Hes Royal licence and autbovity that be and his issue-might, in
compiance with a clause contained in a conicil to the list will and tes¬
tament of his cousin George Brudenell Michelsen Lovibond, late of
Manqhester-square, in the parish of St. Marylebone, in the onanry of
Midalesex, and of Old Windsor Loage, in the parish of Old Windsor,
in the county of Berks, Esquire, deceased, TAKE apd thenceforth use
the SURNAME of LOVELOND, in andition to and after that of
Impey, and that ne and they might pear and use the arms of Lovbond
quartens with these of impey; such arus being first duly exemplited
according to the laws of arms, and recorded in the Conege of Arms,
otserwise the said Royal licence and permission to be roi and of none
enect: And to command that the said loyal concession and declara¬
tion be recarded in Her Majesty's said Cellege of Arms.—Dated this
4th day of Norember, 1873.
BROOKe à Co., Doctors' Commons, London, Soliditors for
the above named Colons Arcuipald Impey-Lovibond.
INFANT LIFE PROTECTION ACT, 1872.—
Notice to Persons having Charge of Infants. The aletropolitan
board of Works, neing the local autnority for the metropotis (except
the city of London and its Liberties), constituted by the "Act for the
beter Prorection of Infant Lite," nereby give nouice that ther have
made certain regulations under that Act, and that persons requiring to
se registere l may now obsam FORMS of the GERTIFICATE as to
cheracter and auility to maintain children, which is to be produced
pursuaat to the Stature.

be made to the Superintending Architect at the
ofices of the Board, Spring-garden.

J. E. WAKEFIELD, Acting Clerk of the Board.
Office of the Metropohtan Board of Works, Spring-garuens,
1st November, 1842.
CHARITY COMMISSION.—In the Matter of the
Charity called the GODOLPMIN SCHOOL.—By direction of
the Boaad of Chariy Commissioners for England and Wales, notice is
hereby given, tht ORERis proposed to be mane by them arter the
expiration of one calendar montu, to be computed from the first pub¬
licat on of this nouice, naving the foliowing object, namely:—
Appointing now trustees of the abovementioned charity in the
place of the siev. Jonn Gylby Lonsdale, Canon of Lichfield, who has
resigned the office of trustes of the said Chanty, and of the late Sir
Thomas Plullips Canon Metwill, and Thomas navis, Esq., two of the

The following persons nave been proposed for appointment as

Sir Jamen Carter, Knignt, of No. 11, Margaret-street, Cavendish¬
are, in the county of Mdlusex.
"The Rev. Edward Hamiton Blyth, Vicar of Hammersmith, in the
same sounty.
The Rev. Peter Goldsmith Medd, Bector of Barnes, in the county
of Surray.
Wiliam Bird, of Rute-hense, Brook-green, Hemmersmith aforesaid
Esq., an
The Hon. Edward Curzon, Scarsdale-house, Kensington, in the said


Any onjections to the proposedOrder or suggestions for the modifica¬
tion thereof may be transmitted to the said Board, in writing,
addressed to their Secretary, No. 8, Yorg-street, St. James's-square,
London, within 21 eays next after thefirst publication of this notice.
Dated this 25th day of July, 1872.
JENRY M. VAEE, Secretary.
PERUVIAN GOVERNMENT GUANO.—Messrs.
Dreyins, Brothers, and Co., of Paris and Lima, the Contractors
with the Gevernment or Pern, having charged us with their Gensrat
a gency, we beg to give notice that we are now the SOLE CONSIGNEES
of the PERUVIAN GOVERNMENT GUAND in the United King¬
dom, and are prepared to effect sales from this date, on the following
terms:—Price £15 for fots of not less than bb tons, or £14 5s. for any
smaller quanuty per ton, in bags, gross weignt, at any of our depots
hereiatter mentioned. Payment-prompt cash in London in exchange
for defivery order. All expenses of removal from the stores to be
paid by the purchaser. The guano will remain entirely at ms rist from
the tme it passes the scale, dnn he will be expested to take derivery forth¬
with. For the saae of maintaining the character of the Pernvian guano,
andof protesting one consumers and fair dealers, we shall require intend¬
ing parchasers to sign an agreement, a copy of wnick may be had on
application. Parties waning to mage arrangements for the special use
of guano will have to sat aly us us to their bons fide dealings with the
artiele before we can consiner their applications. In the event of our
discovering any infringement of their agreements on the part of any
purcuaser or purchasers, we reserve to ourreives the rignt of withhod¬
ing further supplies, and of announcing publicly our intention of do ng
so. In our attempts to prevent anufteration we confidently count upon
having the assistance of all agriculturists and honourable dearers, shey
being specially interested with ourseives in suppressing that species of
fraud, te propose keeping depots of guane in England at—London, under
our own control, aduress as bulow
Liverpool, under the control of
Messrs. J. H. schroder and Co., 13, Rumford-place; Bristol, Fai¬
mouth, Plymouth, Southampton, King's Lynn, Messrs. Wm. Smitn
and Co., Imperia-chambers, 19, Corn-street, Bristo, and at King's
Lynn; Mull, Messrs. Edwards, Winaley, and Co., 100, riigh-street;
Newcastie-on-Tyne, —. In scotland our agents are Messrs. Berry,
Barclay, and Co., of Leith and diasgow, for the southern, and Messrs.
Richare Connon and Co., of Acerdeen, for the nortuern division. In
Ircland our agents are esire, Richardson, Brothers, and Co., of Bel¬
fast, Dublin, and Cork, who have the control of all the depots in Ire¬
lann. We inall also be prepared to open depots at such other ports as
may be found necessary for the more convenient and better working of
the trane. All purensees will nave to be mane througn the said agents
in the respective districts.—J. HENRY SCHRODER and Co.,
No. 15, Leadenhall-street, London, E.C., 1st November, 1872.
ROTICE.—Mr. STREETER finds it necessary to
state that his SHIDESMALDS LOCKETS at £2, and Bracelers
at £5 (designe registared and copyright), can omy be obtuined at 37,
Condut-stteet, Lond-street, London, n.
NOTICE.—Messrs. P. and B. COST (sole makers of
H. Cost's Calisthenic Chest Expander and other instruments) beg
to state that in future their nours of business will be from 11 until 6;
on bataroajs unth:—65, Baker-treet, Fegtman-square, London, W.
STICE.—Cannes, South of France.—Mr. JOHN
TAYLOR, Enghsh General Agent, having now resurned to
Cantars, can be communicated with for all information, at his
oifices, Nos. 13 and 15, Rue de Frejus, where nis plan of Cannes can
be consulten.
NOTICE. —Keburiding of Premises.—FINDLATER,
MACRIE, ad Co., carry on busings, at usua, havin removetl
theer large stock of wmes and spirits into the one cellars undter the new
fioever marget. Temporary office in hoarding, 33, wellingtousstreet,
Covent-garden, W.C.
NOTICE.—The £5 Telescope. —S. and B. SOLO¬
MONS beg to give notice that their £5 TELESCOPE has their
Lame and address engraved on the brass eye enn, anda written certin¬
cate is given with the object glass stating the uate of trial, the perform¬
ance on test objects and the powers used.—39, Ambematle-street, W.
PECIAL NOTICE.—To avoid furtner misunder¬
standing, it is necessary to inform the public that the only houne in
England where Mr. HAMNICK's MONTILLA and MOLILES
WINES can be obtained is No. 11, Pall-mall, London, oppusite the
Traveilers Club. None is genuine uniess it beats the brand and seal
 Hatmick.—Dated London, 1st January, 1872.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—NEGRETTI and
Z.MBRA have REMOVED their city branch from 59 to more
extensive premises at 45, Cornhill, corner of St. Michael's-alloy.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—The old-established
SHIRT, Hoslery, and Giove BUSINESS o' HENRY WITHERS,
hitherto carried on at 9, Poultry, is now REMOVED to 2, Crown¬
buildings, Queen Victoria-street, E.C., corner of Queen-street and

WELLUM-WOVE CLUB-HOUSE NOTE.—The

of this incomparable paper.—PARTRIDGE and COOPER, manufac¬
turers and sole vendors, 132, Fleet-street, corner of Chancer-lane.
MESSRS. READ, DANGERFIELD, and SMITH,
Accountants and auditors, have REMOVED from No. 3,
Milk-street, to Albert-buildings, Queen Victoria-street, E.C., oppo¬
site the Mansion-house Station.
NEXT of KIN.—Just out, third edition of ROBERT
CHAMBERSS INDEX to HEIRS-AT-LAW, Legatees, &c.
50,000 names. Letters A-Z, 1s. each, or complete, 10s. 6d. post free.
60, Stockell-park-road, London. S.W., and all bocksellers.
NEXT of KIN.—A descriptive INDEX (of 20,000
names) to advertisements for Next of Kin. Chancery Heirs, Lege.
es, &c., from 1700 to 1872. 2s. 33,, by P.O. Order. Address W. CULI
MER. 17, Sounthampton-buildings, Chancer-lane, London, W.C.
