R., who left her home on April 16th, is implored to
RETURN to her mother. All will be forgiven.
H.—Why do you keep me in such suspense?
WRITE me a note, to post office, 44, New Bond-street, imme¬
diately.—ANNIE.
SHOULD this MEET the EYE of Mr. W. WILL¬
MOTT late of Queen's-road, Dalston, or any one knowing the
same, WRITE to your son, Edward, Goulbourn post-office, till called
IF the TWO GENTLEMEN, solicitors, who called in
1865 upon Mr. Wilson, 53, Marvlebone-road, respecting a Miss
Caroline Reid, will send their NAMES and ADDRESS to Mr. Picard,
No. 70, George-street, Manchester-square, they will greatly oblige the
said Caroline Reid.
ROBERT W. SMITH.—INFORMATION WANT¬
ED, of his HEIRS. Smith died in Philadelphia, January 14,
1867; supposed to have come to America in 1814. Address Catharine
Smith, administratrix, No. 531, Redwood-street, Philadelphia, Penna,
U.S.A. By directions of Orphans' Court of Philadelphia.
MR. JOHN OLDRIEVE, master marmer, and
ssesestanceeeule
is requested to CORRESPOND without delay with his BROTHER,
Mr. Samuel Oldrieve, timber merchant, at Morrace-town, Devonport,
his presence being required, and he will derive the uttermost advan¬
tage from speed.
JOSEPH BENJAMIN VANDENBERGH, who
formerly resided at Shacklewell, Middlesex, and who has not been

Anne Adams, died intestate on the 2d July, 1867. He is requested to
COMMUNICATE immediately with the undersigned, who has admi¬

default of receiving proof, on or before the 1st day of June next, that
the said Joseph Benjamin Vandenbergh is living, will proceed to dis¬
tribute the estate according to law.—John Vandenbergh, 63, Great
Percy-street, Pentonyille, London, W. C.
LEFT in a CAB, on Wednesday, April 28th, a
SILVER GILT MASONIC CHAIN. Whoever will take the

square, shall receive TWO POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, by a poor youth, a PURSE, containing 26 10s.

lost on the 29th, in the neighbourhood of Fleet-street) had just
been drawn from a savings'-bank for an urgent purpose, and the finder
is earnestly begged to return the same to W. Gates, Messrs. Hatton's,

THREE POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on Monday

a small OLD BLACK and TAN TERRIER BITCH. Answers to the
name of "Jessie." Had red riband on. Whoever takes her to
No. 17, Montagu-street, Portman-square, shall receive the above re¬

TEN POUNDS(REWARD. —LOST, on the evening

tabetween the hours of 8 and 11), a GOLD, LEVER, KEYLESS,
HUNTING WATCH, No. 1,000, plain cases, with arms (three tigers

back, made by Fleming, of 32, St. Martin's-lane. Whoever will re¬


DOG LOST (THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD),
on Wednesday, April 29th, corner of Southampton-street, Holborn,
A Rough Scotch Terrier, dark brown hair, rather long; hair round

Answers to the name of Rough. The above reward will be paid by
Mr. Bland, 478, New Oxford-street (opposite Mudie's library.
DETAINED under circumstances of suspicion, a
GOLD HUNTING WATCH, made by Barwise. Any gentleman
having lost such a watch may forward a written description to Mr.
George Attenborough, 204. Fleet-street.


FILLY, left in January, 1867, at E. Nicholl's cattle layers, Liverpoor¬
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £90 Consolidated 3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of GEORGIANA ADAMS
of Rugby, Warwick, widow, and which was transferred to the said
Cemmissioners, in consequence of the dividends thereon having re¬
mainei inclaimed since the 5th January 1858:—Notice is hereby
given, that on the expiration of three months from this date, the said
Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid to Georgiana
Anams, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
SOLDIERS' BALANCES UNCLAIMED.—In
pursuance of the Regimental Debts Act, 1863, notice is hereby
civen, that Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War
Department has available, for DISTRIBUTION among the Next of
Kin, the SUM of MONEY set opposite to the name of each of the de¬
ceased soldiers named in the list which is published with this notice in
the London Gazette and the Army List, and is also to be seen at the
Quarters of the several Staff Officers for the Recruiting and Pension
Service throughout the United Kingdom.
Applications from persons supposing themselves entitled as next of
kin should be addressed by letter to the Under Secretary of State,
War-office, London, S.W., and marked outside "Soldier's Effects."
No application can be attended to which does not state the dates and
places of the soldier's birth, enlistment, and death, and the name of
his regiment; his regimental number should also be stated if known.
Should these particulars furnished by the applicant not agree with
the facts recorded on the War-office documents relating to the deceased
soldier, the applicant will be so informed: but should they agree
therewith, then within three calendar months the Secretary of State
will furnish the applicant with the usual requirements needed for the

The application must be authenticated by the signature of the
applicant, and his name should be affixed in the presence of the clergy¬
man, or one of the chuchwardens of the parish, or a Justice of
the Peace; the ap e ie
t address, with the name of the post town,
must also be clearly stated. No personal application can receive at¬

Further lists will from time to time be published, and therefore it
will facilitate the applicant's inquiries to give the number and date of
the notice in which the deceased seldier's name appeared. —Dated this

EDWARD LUGARD.
Note.—A copy of this notice is to be seen at the quarters of the
several Staff Officers for the Recruiting and Pension Service throughont
the United Kingdom.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE (the
Principal Registry).—To WILLIAM JOHN PAWSON, marine
supposed to be now in South America.—Take notice, that a CITATION
has issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated the
27th day of March, 1858, whereby you. William John Pawson, and the
other persous therein named, are cited to appear within 30 days after
the serwee thereof, and accept or refuse letters of admnistration of
the personal estate and effects of Dorothea Mitcalfe Pawson, late of
25, Clark-street, Stepney, in the county of Middlesex, deceased, your
natural and lawful mother, or show cause why the same should not be
granted to Edward Richardson, as the assignee of the right, title, and
interest of the said Dorothea Mitcalfe Pawson in and to the one ninth
part of two several sums of £1,965 11s. 6d. and £1,449 5s. 6d. New £3
per Cent. Bank Annuities, to which she, the said Derothea Mitcalfe
Pawson, was entitled by virtue of the will of William Mitcalfe, deceased,
the grandfather of the said Dorothea Mitcalfe Pawson, with an inti¬
mation that in default of your appearance, and of the appearance of
the other persons named in the said citation, the said letters of adminis¬
tration, limited to the said sums of stock, will be granted to the said
Edward Richardson.
EDWARD F JENNER, Registrar.
WANSEY and BOWEN, 50, Moorgate-street, London,
plicitors for the above named Edward Richardson.
ALLEN, Mayor.
COMMON COUNCIL holden in the Chamber of
the Guildhall of the city of London, on Friday, the 1st day of May.
1863. Resolved unanimouly:
That a dutiful and loyal address be presented to Her Most Gracious
Majesty the Queen, expressing the horror and indignation felt by this
Court at the recent attempt upon the life of His Royal Highness the
Duke of Edinburgh, and congratulating Her Majesty with the most
sincere and heartfelt feelings upon his providential escape from mortal
injury.
WOODTHORPE.
IN the Matter of the FREMATOR GRANITE
COMPANY Limited), and of the Companies Act. 1862.—The Vice¬
Chancellor Giffard has, by an order dated the 20th day of April, 1868,
APPOINTED DAVID PARRY, of No. 3, White Lion-court, Corn¬
hill, in the city of London, accountant, to be the OFFICIAL LIQUI¬
DATOR of the abovenamed Company. —Dated this 22d day of April,

EDWARD BLOXAM, Chief Clerk.
UNAUTHORIZED USE of NAME.—A company
calling itself the Anglo-American Oil Company (Limited) has
published in London its memorandum of articies of association, and
names two parties as Trustees of the Company. One of them thus
named (Mr. Jay Cooke) things it his duty to notify the public that
his name is thus used without the shadow of authority. Under no cir¬
cumstances would he allow his name to be used in connexion with any
oil company. The parties to this English affair, and all others inte¬
rested, are notified that, in his opinion, it is a deliberate and infamous
frand thus to associate his name, without his consent, with any such
enterprise.
JAY COOKE.
Philadelphia, April 17, 1863.
CAUTION.—FOREIGN VINEYARD ASSOCIA¬
TION (Limited), Joint-Stock Wine Company, established 1854.—
Letters beeng frequently misdirected, notice is given that the only ad¬
dress is 200, Regent-street, W., and sole manager W. H. PALMER, Esq.
CAUTION.—BETTS's CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of capsules made in contraven¬
tion of his rights, which necessarily are numerous, Betts being the
original inventor and sole miker in the United Kingdom. 1, Wharf¬
road, City-road, London; and Bordeaux, France.—April 8th, 1868.
CAUTION.—Water Filtration.—To prevent
mistakes the public are informed that the latest patented filter in
general use is the DANCHELL PATENT CISTERN FILTER
(patent sealed Sept. 29, 1863), which has superseded all others, insuring
as it does a constant supply of the purest water without filling or any
attention whatever. Can be rented if preferred in London, and can
only be had in London of the LONDON and GENERAL WATER
PURIFYING COMPANY, 157, Strand, close to Somerset-house.
CAUTION.—Thomas De La Rue and Co.'s Vegetable
Parchment.—T
article having recently been offered for sale
without the authority of the patentees, Messrs. DE LA RUE and C.

TEINT for VEGETA
BA RCHMENT
was EXTENDED by the Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's Privy
Coun o re,
taie er period of five years from
th  December, 1867.
All nersons selling or using vege
talee nie e ett not obtained from
the patentees or their agents will be prosecuted as infringers. —Dated,
110, Bunhill-row, April 16, 1868.
CAUTION.—In consequence of frequent misrepre¬
sentations, E. MOSES and SON, merchant tailors, outfitters, &c.,
find it necessary to state that they do not employ any travellers or
agents, and that their only establishments are the undermentioned:
London Houses.
Corner of Minories and Aldgate.
New Oxford-street, corner of Hart-street.
Corner of Tottenham-court-road and Euston-road.
Country Branch, Bradford, Yorkshire.
RUENOS AYRES GOVERNMENT CERTIFI¬
CATE.—Transiation.—We the undersigned, at the request of
Messrs. Jas. C. Thompson and Co., certify that the IRON SAFES of
Messrs. CHUBB and SON, London, of which these gentlemen are
agents, were exposed for several hours to the fire that took place in
the offices of the National Covernment on the evening of the 26th
instant: that in our presence they were easily opened with their re¬
spective keys; that the moneys and important documents they con¬
tained were found in perfect order; and that these safes are now in
use in the National Treasury Office.
(Signed) J. M. DRAGO (Treasurer of the National
ent).
JOSE TOMAS ROJO.
JUAN M. ALVAREZ.
Atrue Copy—A. M. Bell.
Buenos Ayres, July 31, 1867.
OUC de MONTEBELLO's CHAMPAGNES.—
Caution.—Whereas an INJUNCTION in Chancery has been
obtained in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Gemmer," restraining
the defendant and all others from selling or parting with sundry cases
of Rhenish wine, imported from Rotterdam, containing bottles bear¬
ing imitation Duc de Montebelly's labels and corks, and further prohi¬
biting the importation ex sale of all wines bearing such imitation labels
or corks; and whereas, in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Jebens."
tried in the Tribunal Correctionnel of Havre, a parcel of 250 cases,
containing 3,000 bottles of wine, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello
labels and corks, seized by the French Customs' authorities (the said
spurious wines having been sent from Germany and Havre to be
thence shipped to England, and thus through the colourable importa¬
tion from a French port to avoid detection on arrival here), were ad¬
judged to be confiscated; all pen ons are hereby cautioned against deal¬
aoen with spurious champagnes, oearing imitation Duc de Montebello

TAMPLIN and TAYLER, 159, Fenchurch-Street, E.C.,

e e , ontebelo,
R. SYMONDS and SON, 3, Ingram-court, 167, 168, Fen¬
church-street, E.C.. Agents to the Duc de Montebello.
UC de MONTEBELLO's CHAMPAGNES.—
R. SYMONDS and SON direct especial attention to the pre¬
ceding CAUTION, as renewed attempts are being made to intro¬
duce spurious wines, bearing forged Duc de Montebelle labels and
corks. These spunious wines are mestly imported via Rotterdam. The
genuine Duc de Montebello's Champagnes can be obtained of any re¬
spectable wine merchant in town or country.
MAMPSON LOW and Co. beg to notify the RE¬
MOVAL of their business from Ludgate-hill to the spacious pre¬
mises of the Crown buildings, 188, Fleet-street, where a large stock of
new and standard American books in all departments of literature is
open to public inspection.
English publication business entrance, 188, Fleet-street.
American bookselling business entrance, 188, Fleet-street.

Export and country department, Clifford's-inn-passage.
All communications may now be addressed as abo
SAMPSON LOW, SON, and MARSTON, English, American.
and Colonial booksellers and publishers.
