S. S.—All's well; not married yet. Old address
e
will find me, or at post-office, Wardour-street, W.
H. S.—WRITE, and let me know whether you have
received my answer to your letter. Always. Never change.
IF you have 14 light fawn, have 54 crimson, give 28
red 29 ruby 14 rose 7 purple (6 green without 4 green without 4

RONGOON CHICHESTER.—A TELEGRAM
from Randall, Singapore, for the above, has been RECEIVED
by Reuter's Telegram Company (Limited), 5, Lothbury, but cannot be
delivered, the address being insufficient.
IMPORTANT SUCCESSION.—WANTED, the
ADDRESS of JAMES, ANNA MARIA, and MARIE AGNES
O'BYRNE. Address, pre-paid, Mr. T. Péchet, No. 9, route de Rive,
Geneve, Suisse.
TO CLERGYMEN and others.—WANTED the
CERTIFICATES of the BIRTHS and DEATHS of THOMAS
and BLOWERS WAGER, supposed of Gloucestershire; period be¬
tween 1789 and 1845. Any person finding same will be handsomely
REWARDED. Address C. Wager, 30, Bishop's-road, Camberwell, S.
ROBERT SHORT.—Any person giving INFOR¬
MATION of the present ADDRESS of Mr. ROBERT SHORT
printer, who resided at George Town. Demerara, until the beginning of
the year 1864, if alive, or proof of his death, shall be liberally RE¬
WARDED on applying to Mr. Melmoth, solicitor, Sherborne, Dorset.
DAMYLAVILLE DRAGE.—Madame DAMYLA¬
VILLE, whose maiden name was DRAGE, may HEAR of
SOMETHING to her ADVANTAGE by applying to the undernamed:
or, in case of her death, any person giving satisfactory proof thereof
will be Rewarded. Madame Damylaville's last known residence was at
Nanterre, near Paris, which she left about three years ago. Apply to
Mr. Melmoth, solicitor, Sherborne, Dorset.
LOST, on the Kensington-road, on Friday, the 3d, a
BROWN IRISH RETRIEVER DOG; short hair. Answers
to the name of "Rover." Any one bringing it to 33, Glocester-place,
Hyde-park, shall be handsomely REWARDED
LOST, on Tuesday morning, May 7th, near Here¬
ford-square, a PUG DOG, answering to the name of "Bijou."
Whoever will bring him to 2, Glocester-road, shall receive ONE
POUND REWARD.
LOST, on the 6th instant, in Portman or Berkeley
square. HALF an EARRING, being a pearl set in diamonds.
A REWARD of ONE POUND will be paid on its being taken to
R. Duncan, Thomas's Hotel, Rerkeley-square.
LOST, on Wednesday last, a GOLD NECK CHAIN,
with locket and small ruby pendant, between Couteau's, Bromp¬
ton-road, Robert-street, King's-road, and High-Street, Kensington.
Whoever will bring the same to Tyne's, High-street, Kensington, shall
receive TWO POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, on Sunday last, in the Camden-road, Hollo¬
way, on Clerkenwell-green, or between Compton-terrace and
Barnsbury-road, Islington, a GOLD MOURNING RING; letters "In
Memory of" enamelled on it outside, and an inscription inside. A.
further description of it can be afforded to the finder, and ONE
POUND REWARD, will be given. Apply at 33, Milner-square.
a
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on the 8th
of May, a BUNCH of KEYS, four of which are patent; supposed to
have been dropped in Baker-street, or near the Royal Oak, Bishop's¬
road. Whoever will bring the same to Rhind's post-office, Little Sussex¬
place, Hyde-park, shall receive the above reward
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednes¬
day afternoon, May 8th, in Westbourne-grove, a LEATHER
PURSE, containing £9 10s. in gold, and some silver. Whoever shall
bring the above to L. M. E., 60, Gloucester-terrace, Hyde-park, shall
receive the abeve reward.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday
afternoon, the 6th inst., a very large BLACK CURLY DOG,
with collar, on which is engraved "Hector," born at St. John's, New¬
foundland, 1863. Whoever will bring the same to 27, South-Street,
Thurloc-square, Brompton, shall receive the above reward. No fur¬
ther reward will be offered, and any person found in possession of
the dog after this will be prosecuted.
FOLLOWED a gentleman, on Sunday evening,
April 28th, a BLACK WATER-SPANIEL BITCH, with white
stripe down the throat. The owner can have the same by paying all
expenses. If not claimed on or before Monday, May 13, she will be
SOLD to pay expenses. Apply to Mr. Frederick May, advertising agent,
No. 9, King-street, St. James's.
FOUND, a FIVE-POUND NOTE. The owner can
have the same by giving full particulars and paying expenses.
ply, after 7 p.m., to 39, Edward-square, Caledonian-rosd
FOUND, in possession of Mary Ann Howard, who
is in custody at Lymington, Hants, on suspicion of felony, the
following ARTICLES, supposed to have been stolen:—A gentleman's
gold signet ring, with blood stone; an engraved ring, with emerald
stone; lady's fancy ring, set with pearls and ruby centre; two wedding
rings and keeper; a 10-frane piece; earring; and a gold guard chain,
pillar and cylinder pattern. Also in possession of Thomas Derrick,
alias Jackson, who is in custody at same place, a bright Gold Scarf
Pin and a Silver Hunting English Lever Watch, capped and jewelled
in four holes, by Cairns, Liverpool, No. 33,490, with gold Albert chain,
snake pattern, drop, bar, and key attached. Information to be given
to Supt. Everett, Hants Constabulary, West-hill, Winchester.
NOTICE.—If the PAIR of HORSES, Phaeton, and
Harness, left by Mr. Leveson, Leverson, or Levenson, at Sherston's
livery stables, 68, Haymarket, on September 9th, 1866, are NOT
TAKEN AWAY, and all expenses thereon paid, before Saturday, May
18th, 1867, they will on that day be SOLD by public AUCTION,
Aldridge's, St. Martin's-lane, to defray expenses.—J. SHERSTON,
No. 68, Haymarket.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £150 New £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of MARY COWLING, of
Grove-passage, Hackney, spinster, and which was transferred to the said
Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed since the 5th April, 1857; Notice is hereby given, that
on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will
be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Mary Cowling, who
has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
WILLIAM FRANKLIN, of Melbourne, in Australia.—Take notice,
that a CITATION has issued, under seal of Her Majesty's Court
of Probate, dated the 7th May, 1867, at the instance of Thomas Parker,
of Regent-street, in the county of Middlesex, military tailor, citing you,
within 30 days after service thereof, to cause an appearance to be
entered for you in the Principal Registry of the said Court, and accept
or refuse letters of administration of the personal estate and effects of
your late brother, Henry Franklin, late of Bermuda, in the West Indies
staff surgeon in Her Majesty's army (who died, intestaie, on the 26th
July, 1864), or show cause why the same should not be granted to the
said Thomas Parker, as a creditor of the deceased, with an intimation
that in default of appearance to the said citation the said letters of
administration will be granted to the said Thomas Parker.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
LOLIVER RICHARDS, Solicitor, 16, Warwick-street,
Regent-street, London.
SOUTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT
DISTRICT.—ST. MARY, LAMBETH.—I, the undersigned,
Auditor of the abovenamed district, do hereby give notice, that I have
appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the abovenamed parish
for the half-year ended the 25th of March, 1867, to commence on
Thursday, the 16th day of May next, at 12 o'clock at noon, at
the Workhouse, when and where all persons who by law are bound to
account at such audit are required to attend, and to submit all books,
documents, bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the accounts,
or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the poor.—
Dated the 8th day of May, 1867
JOHN C. MEYMOTT, District Auditor.
No. 5, Albion-place, Blackfriars-bridge
FREEMEN's COMMON, Bedford.—Notice to per¬
sons having COMMONABLE RIGHTS in portions of the Free¬
men's Common, Bedford, taken by the Midland Railway Company.—
Vhereas, by a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, made in a cause of
"William Joseph Nash and others against William Coombs and an¬
other," the following INQUIRY is directed, namely : What persons
on the 1st day of January, 1867, had or claimed any estate or interest
in, or right of common ever or upon the portions of the Freement
Common which are the subject of the plaintiffs' Supplemental Bill,
and in what character or right, and what was the estate, right, or in¬
terest such persons had or claimed, and if any of such persons are now
dead, who are their legal personal representatives. All persons claiming
to be so entitled as aforesaid to have an interest in the said premises,
are, by their solicitors, on or before the 30th day of May, 1867, to come
in and prove their claims, at the chambers of the Vice-Chancellor Sir
William Page Wood, No. 11, New-square, Lincoln's-inn, in the county
of Middlesex: or, in default thereof, they will be peremptorily ex¬
cluded from the benefit of the said Decree. Thursday, the 6th day of
June, 1867, at 12 of the clock in the forenoon, at the chambers of the
said Judge, is appointed for hearing and adjucating upon the claims.
—Dated this 6th day of May, 1867.
YOUNG, MAPLES, TEESDALE, and NELSON, 6, Frederick's
place, Old Jewry, London, Agents for Messrs. T. W. and J.
Pearce, Bedford, Solicitors for the Plaintiffs.
NOTICE is hereby given, that Application will be
made by WARREN DE LA RUE, JONAH NATHAN, and
WILLIAM FREDERICK DE LA RUE, all of No. 110, Bunhill-row,
in the county of Middlesex, trading under the style or firm of Thos.
De la Rue and Co., manufacturing stationers, and by WILLIAM
EDWARD GAINE, formerly of 4, Harewood-street, Harewood¬
square, in the county of Middlesex, and now of 12, King Henry's¬
road, St. John's-wood-park, civil engineer, by petition to Her Majesty
in Council for a PROLONGATION of the TERM of SOLE USING
and VENDING an INVENTION of "An Improvement in Treating
or Preparing Paper," granted to the said William Edward Gaine by
Her Majessy's letters patent, bearing date the 6th day of December,
1853, in the 17th year of her reign, within the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland, the Channel Islands, and Isle of Man,
which said letters patent are now vested in the said Warren de la Rue,
Jonah Nathan, and William Frederick De la Rue, but in trust never¬
theless, as to one moiety thereof, for the said William Edward Gaine.
And notice is hereby given, that the said Warren De la Rue, Jonah
Nathan, and William Frederick De la Rue, and William Edward
Gaine intend to apply by counsel to the Judicial Committee of the
Privy Council on the 12th day of June now next, or if the said Judicial
Committee shall not sit on that day, at the next sitting of the said
Judicial Committee after that date, for a time to be fixed for hearing
the matter of their said petition, and that on or before the said 12th
day of June next notice must be given of any opposition intended to be
made to the said petition, and any person intending to oppose the
said application must lodge a caveat to that effect at the Council office
on or before that date. — Dated this 3d day of May, 1867.
WILSON, BRISTOWS, and CARPMAEL, 1, Copthall-buildings,
London, Solicitors for the abovenamed Petitioners.
NOTICE to the PUBLIC.—The Directors of the
London Stock and Share Company (Limited) beg to notify to
their correspondents and to the public in general, that Mr. JOSEPH
ASPINALL has CEASED to be CONNECTED with the LONDON
STOCK and SHARE COMPANY (Limited).
GEO. THOMAS, Secretary.
No. 1, Royal Exchange-buildings, E.C., May 7th, 1867.
CAUTION.—WINE AGENCY COMPANY
(Limited).—It is particularly requested that orders and remit¬
tances be addressed solely to Geo. C. Coppinger, Esq., Manager, 202, Pic¬
cadilly; or to the Managers of the various branches, as under:—Cock¬
burn McBarnet, Esq., 76, Gordon-street, Glasgow; George A. Berkeley,
Esq., 39, Old Steyne, Brighton; W. O. Meade King, Esq., 1, Fountain¬
buildings, Bah
CAUTION.—HOWARD's PATENT WOOD
TAPESTRY.—Notice is hereby given, that Messrs. Howard and
Sons, of Berners-street, Oxford-street, have, by letters patent, regis¬
tered their invention of wood tapestry (for covering walls in lien of
painting), and notice is hereby further given, that they will take pro¬
ceedings against any person infringing the patent, or party privy
thereto, so as to protect the rights and privileges secured to them by
this patent.
JAS. GOREN, Solicitor to and for Messrs. Howard and Sons,
No. 29, South Molton-Street, Oxford-street, W.
MESSRS. SAMUEL, BROTHERS, beg to an¬
nounce that the temporary interruption in the trade has not
affected them, and that they are fully prepared to execute all orders
with their usual punctuality.—50, Ludgate-hill.
MENDREY and EDWARD, Tailors, 30, Cornhill,
in respectfully thanking their customers for the kind indulgence
shown to them during the strike of their workmen beg to state that
they are completing arrangements which will enable them very shortly
to carry on their business as usual.—30th April, 1867.
THOMPSON and SON, Military Tailors, Conduit¬
street, in thankfully acknowledging the uniform consideration
shown to them by their customers since the strike, beg to assure them
that the difficulty experienced in executing their orders is already les¬
sened, and will gradually and surely disappear.
AMES DAVIES, Tailor and Habit-maker, 340,
Oxford-street, W., begs respectfully to acquaint his customers
that many of his men (being non unionists) are still at work, and he is
able to execute any commands with which he may be intrusted with as
much promptitude as before his men struck.
PARFITT, ROBERTS, and PARFITT, 75, Jer¬
myn-Street, St. James's, in returning thanks to their numerous
patrons for the kind consideration extended to them during the exist¬
ing strike of the operative tailors, beg respectfully to state that they
have made arrangements by which they are now enabled to execute all
commands with despatch.
SMALPAGE and SON respectfully solicit that the
kind indulgence of their patrons be extended to them during the
present strike among their workmen. Every effort is being made to
obviate the difficulties produced by the movement, and all orders with
which they may be honoured will be executed as expeditiously as cir¬
cumstances will allow.—41 and 43, Maddox-street, Bond-Street, April
29, 1867.
ALFRED WEBB MILES, of 73, Brook-street,
Hanover-square, begs to express his thanks to his numerous cus¬
tomers who are under the impression they are rendering him a service
by withholding their orders during the last few days in consequence of
the strike; but begs to assure them that he has a most efficient staff
of workmen, in one of the largest and best-ventilated werkshops in
London, and can complete any quantity of orders at the shorlest pos¬
sible notice.
