BS. will be there.
OTICE.—JOHN FRANCIS O'SULLIVAN, born
at Cork, Ireland, died at Moncton, in the Province of New
Brunswict, Dominion of Canada, on or about the 16th of May, 1876.
The deceased was for some years a resident of Liverpool, and after¬

closing evidence of relationship) with Charles W. Weldon, Barrister,
St. Joun's, N.B., Canada.
NEST LONDON HOSPITAL, Hammersmith¬

esesan
ecutors of the late Mrs. Sophia Roberson, in aid of the funds of this


e

Leishman, Esq., and £1 1s. (annual subscription) from William
Esq., in aid of the funds of this unendowed Charity.—S. B.
Lasse.
FIELUGATE. Secretary.
MATIONAL REFUGES for HOMELESS and
os

LEDGE, with grateful thanks, the RECEPT of a £5-NOTE, A New
Lnesee—sesseengesase
funds of the Training Ships.—WILLIAM WILLIAMS, Secretary,
No. 8, Great Queen-street, Holborn, W.C.
VICTORIA HOSPITAL for CHILDREN, Gough¬
e
mittee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE a PRESENT of a new bed¬

Russell. Additional beds much needed.—W. C. BLOUNT, Com¬
mander R.N., Secretary.
LOST, on Saturday night, between Charing-cross and
Drury-lane Theatre, a deeply-engraved YELLOW STONE,

same to 40, St. Martin's-lane, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, near Lancaster-gate or Hyde-park-square,
on Saturday last, a LADYS GOLD WATCH and CHAIN, with

REWARDED.
LOST, on Thursday evening, January 18, a YOUNG
BLACK and IAN COLLIE DOG. Answers to the name of
Bracken or Boy. Has two deep tan marks over the eyes, white cross
on chest, white mark on head, white paws, and small white tip at
the end of tail.
teershall take the same to 45, Belgrave-road,
Pimlico, shall be REWARDED.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, supposed to have
been left in a Hansom, which took a lady from Messrs. Jay's
Mourning Warehouse, Regent-treet, to 18, Laugham-street, Portland-¬
place, on Thursday morning, Jan. 11th, between 11 and 12 o'clock, a
SEALSKIN MUFF, with handkerchief inside same, the latter ein¬
broidered M.D. in corner The above reward will be paid to anyone
taking the same to the Misses Loden, 18, Langham-street, Portland-¬
place, W.
LOST, a SMALL WHITE MALTESE DOG, with
pink nose and kilted paws. Strayed from 75, Cornwall-gardens,
South Kensington, at 5 o'clock on Saturday evening. Whoever takes
him to above address shall receive £1. No further reward.
FOUND, on Tuesday, the 16th inst., at the Court
Theatre, a CIGARETTE CASE. The owner can hear of it at
the Wine Cellars, 2. Crosby-square, Bishopsgate-street, E.C.
FOUND, a COLLIE DOG, black and tan, with
white marks, near Constitution-hill, on Friday, the 18tn. Unless
claimed within three days will be SOLD to defray expenses. Apply
to Coachman, 16, Eccleston-mews, Eaton-square.
FOLLOWED a LADY, on the 18th inst., a BLACK
and TAN DOG. It will be restored to its owner on receipt of a
written description. Address Mrs. Woo 18, Gordon-square, W.C
THE EAST and WEST INDIA DOCK COMPANY
hereby give notice, that under the authority of the Act, 25 and
26 Vict., cap. 63, and in compliance with the request of the owners of
the vessel, the Company will proceed to SELL, for rreight and
charges, the unde mentioned GOODS, ex Persian Empire, from
Colombo:—Three tons of Sapan wood
By order of the Court.
J. L. DU PLAT TAYLOR, Secretary.
ck-house, Billiter-square, 19th Januury, 1877.
ADDITION of SURNAME—Take notice that 1,
Charles Henry Hirsch d'Aubyn of Cannstatt, in the King¬
oom or Wurttemborg, Louth Germany, the cidest son of Paul
Hirsch, of the same place, born on the 27th day of Nevember, 1851, in
London, and heretofore known by the name of Charles Henry Hirsch,
do hereby declare and make known that I, now and from henceforth,
intend to TAKE and USE the SURNAME of DAUBYN in addition
to that of Hirsch, and by the name of Charles Henry Hirsch D'Aubyn
hereafter to be known, and the same to ase, assume, and take in all
matters, deeds, writings, and documents, and on all occasions as my
proper name.—Dated this 20th day of January 18
CHARLES HENRY HIRSCH DAUBYN.
Witness—John Bourchier, Lt.-Colonel H.B.M.S., Cannstatt, Wurt¬
temberg, Germany.
KNOW All whom this may concern, that I,
HENRY LAWSON, hitherto known as Henry Lawson of
Gatherley Castle, in the county of York. Esquire, have TAKENand AS¬
SUMED the NAME of DE BURGH, in aduition to my former sur¬
name of Lawson, and that I shall henceforth be known and sign myself
py the name and designation of Henry be Burgh-Lawson. And whereas
His Majesty King Charles II. by his letters patent, bearing date the
sixth day of July, in the year of Our Lord one thousand six hundred
and sixty-five, conferred the rank, style, and title of a Baronet upon
John Lawson, of Burgh Hall, near Catteryck, in the county of York
and the heirs male lawfully begotten of his body, and whereas the said
Sir John Lawson, so created a Baronet as atoresaid, had issue by
Catherine Howard, his lawful wife, three sons, namely, John Lawson,
the eldest son: Henry Lawson, the second son, and William Lawson,
the third son. That the said John Lawson, eldest son of the said Sir
John Lawson, died in the lifetime of his said father, without
heirs lawfully begotten of his body that the said Henry Lawson.
second son aforesaid, succeeded his father in the said Baronetcy afcre¬
said. And whereas upon the death of the late Sir Henry Lawson,
of Burgh Hall aforesaid, Baronet, who died without heirs lawfully
begotten of his body, all the heirs male lawfully begotten of the body
of the said Henry Lawson, second son of the said Sir John Lawson,
who was created a Baronet as aforesaid, became entirely extinct and
ended. And whereas I, the said Henry De Burgh Lawson, being the
son and heir of Henry Lawson, son and heir of seorge Lawson, son
and heir of William Lawson, son and heir of William Lawson, son
and heir of the said William Lawson, third son of the said Sir John
Lawson, who was created a Baronet as aforesaid, am now, and stand
the heir male lawfully begotten of the body of the said Sir John Lanson
afore aid, and am accordingly by right of blood andinueritance lawfully
entitled to the said Baronetcy under the special limitations of the
said original letters patent aforesaid, whereby the said Baronetcy was
so created as aforesaid, as is fully set forth in my pedigree, enroiled in
Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery, on the eleventh day of January,
in the present year of Our Lord one thousand eight hundred and
seventy-seven. And whereas, in right of my said lineage aforesaid, as
the heir male of the said Sir John Lawson, the first Baronet as afore¬
said lawfully begotten of his body, and by virtue of the said limita¬
tions contained and set forth in the said original letters patent, by
which the said title was created as atoresaid, I, the said Henry
de Burgh-Lawson have assumed and hereby do assume as my lawful
right to myself und the hers male lawfully begotten of my body, the
said Baronetcy, and I hereby make anown that 1 shall hereafter from
the date of these presents be known by thename, rank, style, and title of
Sir Henry De Burgh-nawson, of Gatherley Castle, in the county of
York, Baronet.—Given at my Castle of Gatherley aforesaid on this
sixteenth day of January, in the year of Our Lord one thousand

HENRY DE BURGH-LAWSON.
Witness—John Bolton, gentleman, Waterford-lodge, Scarborough,
sounty of York.
ARMMY CONTRACTS.
WAR-OFFICE, 5, New-street, Spring-gardens, S.W.,
20th January, 1877.
THE Secretary of State for War is prepared to
receive, by 12 o'clock noon, on Friday, 2d February, 1877, TEN¬
DERS for the SUPPLY o f
12,006 tin cans and dishes
23,600 earthenware plates
—


20,000 long sweeping brush heads
16.730 bed and bolster cases
21,000 hass brooms
20,230 paillasse cases
39,850 carthenware basins
56,640 linen sheets.
The patterns and specifications may be seen on application to the
Senior Ordnance Store Officer, Royal Arsenal, Woolwich.
Forms of tender may be obtained on application at this office, or at
the Ordnance Store Department Royal Arsenal, Woolwich.
H. AYLMER GREENE, Director of Army Contracts.
NOTICE to SHIPOWNERS.
INDIA-OFFICE, 22d January, 1877.
By Order of the Secretary of State for India in Council.
THE Director-General of Stores for India is prepared
to receive TENDERS from shipowners for the HIRE of a
SAILING VESSEL, to take a complete loading of Government stores
to Calcutta, to load at London, and to sail not later than 28th

Chartered vessels will not be considered eligible. Vessels tendered
to be subject before acceptance to the inspection of a Surveyor
appointed by the Secretary of State. The Secretary of State reserves
the right of rejecting any or all offers without assigning a reason.
The form of cuarter-party may be had on application to the
Director-General of Stores, India-office, Westminster, S.W., and
tenders are to be placed in a box at his office, any time before 2 o'clock
p.m. on the 29th instant, after which no tender will be received.
GERALD C. TALBOT. Director-General of Stores.
PARISH of CHELSEA.—Notice is hereby given,
that the Vestry of this Parish will meet at the Vestry-hall,
King's-road, on Monday, Jan. 29, 1877, at half-past 6 o'clock in the
evening, to receive TENDERS for the SUPPLY and EXECUTION

named:—
During a period of 12 months from March 26 next.
No. 4. "Coals and Coke.
No. 8, Guernsey Granite, broken.

No. 10. Enderby Granite, broken, for delivery at Kensal New-town.
No. 11. "Hogging, Gravel, and Road Flints.
No. 12. "Hogging, Gravel, and Cartage, at Kensal New-town.

o. 15. Scavengers Brooms.
No. 18. Seavenging, Watering, and Dusting, &c., Kensal New-town.
For a period of One or Three Years.
No. 21. "Collection and Removal of Dust, Ashes, &c.
No. 22. scavenging and Horsing Water Vans and Carts.


For a peried of 12 months from March 26 next.
No. 25, "Supply of Fodder.
The tenders are to be upon printed forms. Printed forms of
tender for the supply of coals and coke, together with further
particulars, may be obtained here of me. Printed forms of
tender for Contracts Nos. 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, 15, 18, 21, 22, 23, 24,
and 25, together with further particulars respecting the same, may
be obtained upon application to Mr. G. H. Stayton, the Sur¬
veyor to the Vestry, at his offices at the Vestry-hail, between 10
and 12 o'clock daily, where sampies of various materials and article
may be inspected. The Vestry reserve to themselves the right of
making special contracts in any of the above trades, and for any of
the above articles and works, it they shall see fir, and do not bind
themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. The tenders are to
be delivered to me, or in my office, sealed, addressed "To the Vestry
of the Parish of Chelsea," and endomed "Tender for —"by or
before 2 o'clock on the said 29th Janua y instant. Each tender must
be enclosed in a separate envelope. All contract deeds will be pre¬
pared at the expense of the Vestry. If any article or work be not sup¬
piied or executed to their satisfaction, the Vestry will obtain the supply
or execution of other articles or works of other parties at the expense
of the contractor, and will, if they see fit, annul the contract. Parties
tendering must appear personally at the time the tenders are opened.
By Order of the Vestry, CHARLES LAHEE, Vestry Clerk.
Vestry-hall, King's-road, S.W., 15th January, 1877.
sEach person tendering for these services, supplies, or works, is re¬
quired to bring (but not to enclose) a Bank Note, value Ten Pounds
(£10), with each tender, as a guarantee of good faith, which said
Bank Note will be returned should the tender not be accepted. Bank
notes brought with tenders subsequently accepted, will be retained
until the contract deeds are duly executed, or until the contracte are
otherwise completed.
FTON and HARROW.—Eton and Harrow Club.—
Annual Subscription, without entrance fee or any lability,
seven guineas. FREDK. WISDON, Secretary, 3, Pall-mall-east.
FIRE in HIGH HOLBORN.—Important Notice.—
JAMES CARTER and Co. hasten to announce to their patrons
that the fire upon their premises, as reported in The Times of the 18th
sinst, has not interfered with their business, and all orders for seeds
are executed and do-patched promptly, as heretofore.—The Queen's
Seedsmen, 237 and 238, High Hoiborn, London.
PRINCE of PALMS.—To prevent useless trouble,
Messrs. Treloar and Sons notify they have RECEIVED a COPY
of this BOOK.—69, Ludgate-hill, London, E.C.
AMIXED SHOOTING WANTED, 1,000 or 2,000
acres. Two or three hours from Manchester. Apply, by letter,
with particulars, to S., Slater, Seelis, and Co.'s, Solicitors, Manchester.
asse.a.
er¬
FUNERAL COMPANY, 28, New Bridge-street,
Blackfriars, E.C.; branch office, 82, Baker-street, Portman-square.
The speciality of this Company is in comfortable and good equip¬
ages, and respectable employés.
New style, corbillards and private carriages; no hathands.
Oid style, hearses and modern coaches, with or without appeintments.
FARTH to EARTH.—REFORMED FUNERALS

phle
treatis, on application to the

wih 11s.
LONDON NECROPOLIS COMPANY, 2, Lancaster-place, Strand, W.C.
Patent Earth-to-Earth Coffins
SHILLIBEERS FUNERAL ESTABLISHMENT,
53, City-road, Finsbury-square, E.C. (London); 7s, Queen's-road
Brishton. Under efficient reformed management.
MONUMENTS, Tombs, and Mural Tablets,

application to BURKE and C

street. London, W. Remeved in
