DEAREST BIRD.—LETTER RECEIVED yes¬
terday; much nicer, but not quite. Won't Canary send love
 Write again very soon.
WIGSBY.—We are in the greatest distress. We
solemnly promise not to attempt to discover your whereabouts
but, dearest, pray give some address to which we could write. All
directions shall be obeyed, except telegraphing to M.; that would in¬
crease my sorrow.
—Stamps received.—My dear friend, I feel verry
amuch distressed at your letter. I am sorry you think so mean of
me to suppose that I should go out to avold seeing you. Upon my
honour it would be the last thing I would do to offend you in any way.
I was doing my sister a great kindness, little thinking I was causing
myself so much grief in the loss of so dear a friend. Do COME and
see me, or let me know where a letter will find you.—Yours, in trouble,
MISSING, since Tuesday, the 1st inst., an
ELDERLY GENTLEMAN, 68 years of age, 5 ft. 5 in. in height,
thin spare figure, fair complexon, small grayish whiskers, gray hair,
and brown eyes; was dressed in a black suit of clothes, with white
necktie, and wore a gold watch and chain, with large seal attached,
engraved with initials S. J. M. Information to be given to Mr. Pollaky,
private inqury office, 13, Paddington-green
TO FREDERIC REARDON, or Representatives.—
If F. R. (a native of Cork), who resided in Dublin some years,
and was some time shopman at Forrest and Co.'s, of that city, will
forward his ADDRESS to G. R., care of Messrs. Saml. J. Bennett and
Co., 39, Maorgate-street, London, E.C., he will HEAR of SOME¬

TO PARISH CLERKS and others.—A REWARD
of THREE POUNDS will be given to any person FINDING the
REGISTER of the BURIAL of MARIA DELAHUNT (whose
maiden name was Woodward), and who in 1837 resided with her
husband, Thomas Delahunt, hairdresser, in Portland-place, Commer¬
cial-road and is supposed to have died some years afterwards in the
east of London; or a similar reward will be given to any person who
shall afford proof of her being living, together with correct information
as to her present residence. Application to be made to Mr. D. E.
Forbes, solicitor, 34, Bedford-row W.C.
THE ADVERTISEMENT which appeared May 9th,
headed STOLEN SECURITIES, was inserted without the know¬
ledge or sanction of Messrs. P. W. Thomas, Sons, and Co.
LOST, a GOLD CHAIN BRACELET—round
links, with carbuncle heart attached. ONE POUND REWARD
to whoever brings it to 17, Portman-square.
LOST, on Wednesday, the 9ta inst., at the Flower
Show, Botanical
tent's-park, a DOUBLE GOLD
EYE-GLASS. TWENTY SHILLINGSREWARD.—49, Upper Harley-¬
street, W.
LOST, coming out of Mr. Ella's Concert at St.
James's-hall, on Tuesday, the 8th, a GOLD ORNAMENT (a
lion, surrounded by a ring set with stone). A REWARD of £1 will
be given to anyone bringing it to Messrs. Lovegrove and Flint, 9, Hal¬
kin-street west, Belgrave-square.
LOST, either in Brook-street, Weymouth-street, or
Wilton-crescent, a GOLD HOOK, with three chains and pen¬
dants attached. Any person having found the same and bringing it to
Lovegrove and Flint, stationers, 9, Halkin-street west, Belgrave-square,
shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
LOST, on Monday, between Wigmore-street and
Devonshire-street, an OXIDIZED SILVER PURSE, containing
two £5 notes (numbers known and stopped), £1 in gold, some silver and
copper. Whoever has found the above and returns the purse and
notes to Mr. McBean, grocer, Devonshire-street, Portland-place, may
keep the loose change for their trouble.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—KEYS LOST, on
Tuesday afternoon, in Cornhill—six or seven keys, on chain ring.
Apply to A. H. Baily and Co., 3, Royal Exchange-buildings.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—DOG LOST, on
Wednesday last, in New Palace-yard, between the hours of 8 and
10 in the morning—a large Fawn-coloured Deer Hound, answering to
t th e en.
Whoever will return the same to the Refresh¬
ment Department House of Lords, shall receive the above reward.
TO CABMEN in LONDON.—LOST, in a Hansom,
on Friday, April 13th, a ROLL of PLANS and PAPERS, en¬
dorsed Bagot, Llanelly. ONE GUINEA REWARD. Apply to the
Manager, Salisbury-square Hotel, London.
DOG LOST—a light-coloured, long-haired Terrier
(Dandy Dinmont), teeth projecting: last seen in High-street,
Marylebone on Monday, the 7th, afternoon. Whoever will bring the
dog to 68, Upper Berkeley-street, Portman-square, shall receive ONE
POUND REWARD.
LOST PROPERTY.-CLAIMANTS are WANTED,
respecting British, colonial, and foreign properties, left without
heirs, at various periods between 1740 and 1866. Inquire by letter, ad¬
dressed Richards foreign agency, 10, Glocester-street, Queen-square,
London, W.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £53 13s. 2d. Consolidated 3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of SAMUEL BLYTH,
of Reading, gentleman, and SARAH BLYTH, of the same place,
spinster, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in con¬
sequence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since
the 5th January, 1856; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration
of three months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred,
and the Dividends thereon paid to Sarah Unwin (late Blyth, spinster),
wife of William Andrews Unwin, the survivor, who has claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out

IN the Matter of GEORGIANA SUSAN EVANS
TOWNSEND, spinster, a person of uncound mind, so fom 4 by in¬
quisition.— Under the provisions of the Lunacy Regulation Act, 1853,
any person or persons claiming to be the HEIR or HEIRS at LAW
of the said GEORGIANA SUSAN EVANS TOWNSEND, formerly
residing at No. 26, Mark-lane, in the city of London, but now residing
at No. 9, Milton-place, Gravesend, in the county of Kent, or claiming
to be entitled, under the statutes for the distribution of intestates'
estates (in case she were now dead intestate) to her personal estate, are,
on or before the 12th day of June, 1866, by their solicitors, to come in
and prove their heirship or kindred before the Masters in Lunacy, at
their office, No. 45, Lincoln's-inn-fields, in the county of Middlesex;
or, in default thereof, they will be peremptorily precluded from the
benefit of all proceedings in the above matter.—Dated this 9th day of
May, 1866.
FRANCIS BARLOW
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 3,234.—The UNION, G. H. Quedens, Master.—
Whereas a cause has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty
of England on behalf of George Heinrich Quedens, of Kroll's Hotel,
America-square Minories, in the city of London, master mariner,
master of the ship or vessel Union, against the said vessel, her tackle,
apparel, and furniture, now lying at East Cowes, in the Isle of Wight,
under arrest by virtue of a warrant issued from the Registry of the
said Court, and no appearance has been entered in the said cause. This
is to give notice to all persons who have, or claim to have, any RIGHT,
Title, or Interest in the said VESSEL, that if an appearance in the
said cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court within six
days from the publication of this notice, the Judge of the said Court
will order the said vessel to be sold, to answer the claims instituted,
or to be instituted, against the same, or make such order in the pre¬
mises as to him shall seem right. —Dated the 3d day of May, 1866.
H. C. ROTHERY, Registrar.
Notice of sale of ship taken out by Ellis, Parke, and Clarke, St.
Michael's-alley, Cornhill, London.
IN the LANDED ESTATES COURT, Ireland.—
In the Matter of the Estate of John Rutherford and John Julian,
executors of Charles) Barry Baldwin, deceased, and others, Owners.
same Petitioners.—I hereby require the PERSONS who are EN¬
TITLED to £1,114 1s. 3d., Government New Three per Cent. Stock,
which represents the LEGACY of £1,000, bequeathed by the will of
the late CHARLES BARRY BALDWIN, formerly M.P. for the
borough of Totness, in the county of Devon, and a Deputy-Lieutenant
and Magistrate of the King's County, in Ireland, who died at Paris, in
France, on the 14th day of April, 1859, and which sum was bequeathed
to George Grant, of No. 52, Moorgate-street, in the city of London
Esquire, Secretary to the Namur and Liege Railway Company, and
John Mair Lawson, of No 10, Austinfriars, in the city of London,
Esquire, in trust, to pay the interest thereof to Mrs. Pearce, the wife of
Mr. John Pearce, of Manchester, in consideration of the kindness
shown to testator during his youth by her late father, Mr. George
Cuthbert, and after her death for her two daughters by her first
husband, Mr. Thomas Clifford, viz, Susan Cuthbert Clifford and Alice
Cuthbert Clifford, grandchildren of the late Mr. George Clifford, of
Hull, in the county of York; and also the sum of £7" 17s. 6d., the divi¬
dends due thereon since the investment of said sum, to file their claim
to said legacy duly verified before a Commissioner for taking affidavits
for the Court of Chancery in Ireland, with the Clerk of Records of this
Court, on or before the 12th day of July, 1866 ; and immediately after
notice of the filing of such claim, if any shall be received by me, I will,
on the first opportunity after, bring same before the Hon. Judge Long¬
field for his d'rectione thereon. —Dated this 9th day of May, 1866.
JOHN JULIAN, Solicitor having carriage of proceedings,
No. 52, Lower Sackville-street Dublin.
NORTH-EAST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—HAMLET of MILE-END OLD-TOWN.—I, the un¬
dersigned, Thomas Wake Ratcliff, attorney at-law Auditor of the
abovenamed District, do hereby give notice that I have appointed
the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the abovenamed hamlet, for
the half-year ended the 25th day of March, 1866, to commence on
Friday, the 25th day of May, 1866, at half-past 11 o'clock in the fore
noon, at the Board-room, in the Mile-end Old-town Workhouse, Ban¬
croft-road, Mile-end road, when and where all persons who by law
are bound to account at such Audit are required to attend, and to
submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers containing or relating
to the accounts or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief
of the poor. — Dated the 10th day of May, 186
THOS. W. RATCLIFF, District Auditor.
CAUTION to the PUBLIC.—J. DOWNTON's
Establishment.—We, Messrs. G. and T. BLUNDELL having pur¬
chased the whole of the premises, goodwill, stock, and machinery of the
late J. Downton, patentee of the celebrated ships' pump and water¬
closets, do hereby give notice, that they are in no way responsible for
any work but that done at the original establishment, Conant-place,
West India-road
DYSTERS.—HERNE BAY OYSTERS are in par¬
ticularly fine condition during May, and the Company's boat will
be at Billingsgate-market daily during this month. Prices per bushel,
best natives, 54s.; Reculvers, 44s; pearls, 36s. commons, 12s. Coun¬
try orders executed.	F. WILLIAMS, Salesman, 9, Lower
May 7, 1866.
Thames-street, London, E.C.
N.B. Orders can be sent, if wished, direct from Herne Bay, on appli¬
cation to Mr. Gardiner, oyster fishery office, Herne Bay, Kent.
NOTICE.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Nos. 33 and 39, Bruton-street, Bond-street, jewellers and silver¬
smiths to the Queen and the Prince and Princess of Wales, feel com¬
pelled (in consequence of advertisements which are likely to mislead
the public) to announce that they are not connected, either in business
or by relationship, with any other house in London. Their only
address is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, Bond-street.
FRANCE.—WILLIAM BONN, the administrator
of the future International College of France, will remain in Lon¬
don until the 15th of May, to receive parents, scholastic agents, and
accept from authors all kinds of books for examination.—28, Rutland¬
treet, Pimlico; and if in Paris, 187, rue St. Jacques.
SWITZERLAND.—A clergyman, starting carly in
June for a few weeks tour in Switzerland, will be happy to take
CHARGE of a YOUNG GENTLEMAN. Address K. L. P., Messrs.
Rivington's, 3, Waterloo-place, London
MONUMENTAL SCULPTURE.—The Carrara
Marble Works: established 1820.—Monuments, Tablets, Tombs,
Memorial Crosses, &c. INSCRIPTIONS rendered IMPERISHABLE
by LETTERS in SOLID LEAD. Export orders.—T. GAFFIN,
No. 63, Quadrant, Regent-street, W. Manufactory, Westminster, S.W.
MONUMENTAL BRASSES, for churches ; arms,
crests, and monograms engraved on seals, dies, and silver plate ;
crests, 5s.; book plates, 7s. 6d.; arms painted in heraldic colours, 6s.;
solid gold signet ring, 18 carat, hall-marked, engraved with crest or
monogram, 42s.; ditto, large size, for arms, crest, and motto, very mas¬
sive, £3 15s.—T. CULLETON, engraver to Her Majesty, 25, Cran¬
bourn-street, corner of St. Martin's-lane.
JONOGRAMS DESIGNED, 1s.; five quires paper
and 100 envelopes, stamped in colours, with initials, 4s.;
superior, 5s. No charge for engraving the die. Address dies, crests,
arms engraved free of charge if a guinea box be ordered.—T.
CULLETON, die sinker, 25, Cranbourn-street, corner of St. Martin's-lane.
LONOGRAMS, Crests, Arms, and Addresses
ENGRAVED in a tasteful and artistic manner, and properly
stamped in gold, colours, or beautifully illuminated, on the finest
quality note paper and envelopes.—At T. STEPHENSON's general
stationery warehouse, 99, Oxford-street, W., a few doors east of
Regent-circus.
MONOGRAMS, Arms, Crests, and Coronets:—
A preliminary Pencil Sketch, artistically designed, price 1s. 6d.;
a Monogram Die of two letters, 7s. 6d.; three letters, 10s. 6d. Enve¬
ope stamping in the best colours, 1s. per 100. Note paper illuminated
n gold and colours.—KERBY and SON, 190, Oxford-street. By ap¬
pointment to H.R.H. the Prince of Wales.
MONOGRAMS for NOTE PAPER.—W. LEU¬
CHARS begs to call attention to his original designs for
crests, monograms, &c., for note paper and envelopes. Dies engraved,
and writing paper illuminated in the highest style of art, at very mode¬
rate prices. No charge for plain stamping. Sheets of specimen mono¬
grams free by post.—W. Leuchars, by special appointment to H.R.H.
the Prince of Wales, 38, Piccadilly, London.
MONOGRAMS.—Messrs. JENNER and KNEW¬
STUB, by special appointments to the Prince and Princess of
Wales, having greatly enlarged their workshops, are enabled to pro¬
duce in still greater numbers their world famous MONOGRAM DIES
for stamping paper. The most elegant novelties in arms, crest, and
address dies; also in illuminating band and ball programmes, dinner
cartes, invitations, &c. No charge for sketches. — Jenner and Knewstub,
Court stationers, 33, St. James's-street, and 66, Jermyn-street.
WHAT Is YOUR CREST? Send name and
county to CULLETON's Heraldic-office:—Plain sketch of
arms, 3s. 6d.; coloured, 6s.; or the arms, crest, and motto, nicely em¬
blazoned in rich heraldic colours, 12s. Crests and arms engraved on
seals, dies, book plates. The arms of man and wife blended together.
Now ready, an Index, containing the arms of nearly every family.
Book of family crests, 3,000 engravings, price seven guineas, by T.
Culleton, engraver to the Queen, 25, Cranpourn-street, corner of St.
Martin's-lane, W.C.
