E. A.—Favour me with a line stating that J. is

quite well.—H.
F. R. C.—I am unavoidably detained in town, and
cannot leave till Monday, if then. Please WRITE on Friday.
Thanks for your kind letter.
SHOULD this MEET the EYE of MARY JONES,
she is requested to WRITE to Mrs. T., 8, Shaftesbury-crescent,
Vauxhall-road, Pimlico.
MRS. EMILY CAMPBELL (who received the
Shakespeare on arrival from India) will FIND A LETTER for
her at the General Post-office. Please direct to Mr. B., at 12, Cleve¬
land-gardens, Hyde-park, W.
LOST, an old BLACK RETRIEVER BITCH,
with chain collar and nan
Eady, saddler,
Ebury-street, Pimlico. REWARD, TEN SHILLINGS.
LOST, on Sunday last, at 1 o'clock, between Nos. 1
and 17, Eaton-place, a GOLD WATCH. Any person having found
it shall receive TWO POUNDS REWARD on applying to Mr. Hayes,
post office, Lyall-place, Eaton-square.
LOST, in the Crystal Palace, on Friday last, a
BUNCH of GOLD CHARMS, ten in number, attached to a
piece of gold chain four inches long. Whoever will take the same to
the police station, Crystal Palace, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
ONE POUND REWARD.—STRAYED, on the
15th inst., a SANDY-COLOURED TERRIER DOG, with a
long white mark on his chest—his ears not cut. Whoever will bring
him to 24, Glocester-square, W., shall receive the above reward.
NO. 11,379.—TEN POUNDS REWARD.—
LOST, a GOLD DUPLEX WATCH: names, Upjohn and
Bright, 15, King William-street, Strand. Apply to Upjohn and Bright,
watchmakers, King William-street, Strand.
TO CABMEN.—SIX SHILLINGS REWARD.—If
a small GREEN SILK UMBRELLA, left in a cab which took
a lady and gentleman from Stratford-place, W., to Baker-street, on
Thursday last, be RETURNED to Mr. Ballard, 3, Chapel-place, Vere¬
street, W.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday,
the25th inst., between the hours of 2 and4

bourhood of Covent-garden Theatre, TWO FIVE-POUND NOTES,
folded together. Whoever will bring the same to 78, Albert-street,
Mornington-crescent, N.W., shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST (supposed in
an omnibus), on Monday, the 25th inst., a GOLD LEVER
WATCH: maker's name, Howden, Edinburgh—a black riband, with
gold seal and key attached on the seal engraved "Jane." Whoever
will bring the same to Mr. Warwick, jeweller, 124, Regent-street, shall
receive the above reward.
TEN GUINEAS REWARD.—DROPPED, be¬
tween 3 and 4 o'clock on the afternoon of Monday last, at the
door of 25, Lower Brook-street, or 56, Green-Street, a GOLD BRACE¬
LET, containing three photograph miniatures. Whoever will bring
the same to 56, Green-street, Grosvenor-square, shall receive the above

FIVE POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on Thursday,
the 21st instant, either in Earl-street, or in a cab that took a lady
from Bridge-street, Blackfriars, to the Fenchurch-Street Station, or
there or in a first class carriage to Camden-town, a GOLD SER¬
PENT BRACELET, to go twice round the arm or once round the
neck, set with rubies, pearls, and diamonds, The above reward will be
paid if brought to Messrs. King and Loder, 239, Upper Thames-street.
No further reward will be effered.
PORTMANTEAU.—Old Book Stalls.—FIVE
POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, between London-bridge and Stoke
wington, the following BOOKS, &c.:—"Kalitch on Genesis;"
"Froude's England," vol. 6; "Sermons on the Church," I vol.; a
small C. and E. Test., old, and written in; ditto Bible; clasped P.
Book; "Latham on E. Language ;" "Edward I.;" three or four Ger¬
man and French Books, and others; three Sermons in writing, and
Family Prayers; a small blotting-book, with written papers. Apply
or write to A. B., 149, Leadenhall-street; or 6, Grove West, Hill-Street,
Upper Clapton.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—The following
BANK of ENGLAND NOTES were obtained on the 28th of
January last, by means of a forged indorsement to a stolen draft, drawn
by the National Bank of Scotland on Messrs. Glyn and Co., bankers,

N. 17,800 for £50.
No. 29,573 for £500.
No. 22.884 for £50.
No. 29,574 for £50
No. 29,054 for £50 Dated 20th
Deted 20th
No. 29,575 for £50
Nov., 1860.
No. 29,170 for £50
Nov., 1860.
No. 29, 576 for £50

Payment
he above notes has been stopped, and all persons are
hereby CAUTIONED against negotiating the same. Description of the
person who presented the draft for payment:—Age 24 or 25 years, height
5 feet 8 inches, complexion sallow, face blotched, hair brown; dress
brown overcoat or Inverness wrapper, wore a large pin (apparently
diamond) in neckeloth, and a ditto ring on finger. The above reward
will be paid to any person giving such information as will lead to the
recovery of the notes and conviction of the offender or offenders. Infor¬
mation to be given to Messrs. Allen, Nicol, and Allen, solicitors.
No. 88, Queen-street, Cheapside; or to Inspector Hamilton, City of
London Police (Detective Department), 26, Old Jewry, E.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £148 9s. 1d. New
Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
JOHN GILBERT, of Ringwood, Hants, gentleman, deceased, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence
of the dividends thereon not having been received since the 5th
April, 1849; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon Paid, to George Vincent Forder, the administrator
de bonis non, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Dividend.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
and to direct the payment of one Dividend on the sum of £2,900
New Four per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
Hon. AUGUSTUS PHIPPS, deceased, late of the Excise-office, and
which Dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt, in consequence of its having remained
unclaimed since the 5th July, 1826;—Notice is hereby given that, on
the expiration of three months from this date, the said Dividend will
be paid to Colonel Edward Fitz-Gerald, the surviving executor of Sir
Robert Greenhill Russell, Bart., deceased who was the surviving exe¬
cutor of the said Augustus Phipps, deceased, who has claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £25 Reduced 3 pe
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of CHARLOTTE
BENNETT, of Henley-on-Thames, spinster, since wife of Robert Giles,
of Burton-street, Burton-crescent, gentleman, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends
thereon not having been received since the 10th October, 1847;—Notice
is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid,
to Charlotte Barnes (formerly Giles, spinster), wife of Thomas John
Barnes, the Administratrix of the said Charlotte Giles, deceased, for¬
merly Bennett, spinster, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
NEXT of KIN.—Familes desiring INFORMA¬
TION respecting the PROPERTY of relatives, who died in
Great Britain, or parts abroad, after 1765, can communicate with Mr.
RICHARDS, 11. York-place, Kennington-road, near Westminster¬
road, S. Property recovered.
NOTICE.—If Mr. JOHN RENDALL, of Welbeck¬
street, London, DOES NOT FETCH AWAY the PICTURES
now in the possession of Messrs. Partington and Co., on or before
Lady-day next, they will be SOLD to pay expenses. —17, Golden-square,
February, 1861.
NOTICE to Mr. SUTTON, late of 1, Arthur¬
terrace, Victoria-grove, Stoke Newington,—Unless the BILL for
the LIVERY of a PONY chaise, &c., standing at the White Hart,
Stoke Newington, be PAID, together with advertising expenses, on or
before the 6th March, they will be SOLD in liquidation thereof.—
Dated this 22d day of February, 1861.
IF Mr. J. ARCHER, last known as of Madingley,
Cambridge, DOES NOT FETCH AWAY his GOODS LEFT at
No. 3, Trinity-square, Southwark, within five days of this date they will
be SOLD to pay expenses.
THOS. PARES, Esq., formerly of 8, Glocester¬
terrace, Regent's-park.—A PORTRAIT of Mrs. PARES has
been in the care of Edwd. Wyatt, 360, Oxford-street, since January 17,
1848. If it be not sent fo r wit.

his 26t day of
ebru¬
ary, 1861, and the expenses paid, it will be SOLD to defray the same.
STEREOTYPE PLATES of a ROMAN CATHO¬
LIC TESTAMENT.—Mr. CROOK, formerly of Pall-mall, is
requested to REMOVE the STEREO PLATES, left by him at the
printing office, Middle-row-place, Holborn, some nine years ago
If they are not claimed within a month from the date of this adver¬
toisement, they will

AOE SOLD, to defray expenses of
warehousing and advertising. —Feb. 11, 1861.
VALEDICTORY PIECE has been most gratefully
DEDICATED to Capt. ALEXANDER LOUTTIT, of the ship
Sea Star, for his great kindness to his passengers during the voyage
from Australia to England, to which the whole of the cabin passengers
have attached their signatures.
MUDSON and MACKENZIE, Wine Merchants,
Turnagain-lane, Skinner-street, city.—Notice is hereby given, an
INJUNCTION has been granted by His Honour Vice-Chancellor
Stuart, restraining Thomas Henry Mackenzie from receiving, collect¬
ing, or getting in any moneys or assets due and owing to the partner¬
ship, and from signing, giving, drawing, accepting, or endorsing any
bill of exchange, promissory note, or any wine or other warrant, in the
name of the firm, and from discounting, raising money upon, or part¬
ing with any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other security belong¬
ing to the firm, and from removing or disposing of any of the stock in
trade in or upon the said partnership premises or elsewhere belonging
to the said firm.
JOHN HUDSON.
Witness—J. A. Snow, solicitor, 22, College-hill, Cannon¬
street, London.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To THOMAS REED, of the Swan
publichouse, Coleman-street, London.—Take notice, that a CITATION,
bearing date the 15th day of February, 1861, has issued, under the seal
of Her Majesty's Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, at the in¬
stance of Richard James Robinson, of Forest-gate, West Ham, in the
county of Essex, the husband of Sophia Catherine Robinson, citing you
to appear in the said Court within eight days of the service thereof,
then and there to answer his petition filed in the said Court praying for
a dissolution of his marriage with the said Sophia Catherine Robinson:
and such citation contains an intimation that, in default of your so
doing, the sais Court will proceed to hear the said petition proved in
due course of law, and to pronounce sentence thereon, your absence
notwithstanding. — Dated this 15th day of February 1861.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
FN Majesty s CORUNRET
for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To SOPHIA CATHERINE
ROBINSON (wife of Richard James Robinson), of the Swan Public¬
house, Coleman-Street, London. Take notice, that a CITATION
bearing date the 15th day of February, 1861, has issued under the seal
of Her Majesty's Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes at the
instance of Richard James Robinson, of Forest-gate, West Ham, in
the county of Essex, the husband of you the said Sophia Catherine
Robinson, citing you to appear in the said Court within eight days of
the service thereof, then and there to answer his petition filed in the
said Court, praying for a dissolution of his marriage with you; and
such citation contains an intimation that in defauit of your so doing
the said Court will proceed to hear the said petition proved in due
course of law, and to pronounce sentence thereon, your absence not¬
withstanding. — Dated this 15th day of February, 1861.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND (No. 599).—The Victoria. Whereas a cause of SALVAGE
has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of England, on
behalf of Jethro Pettit, of Broadstairs, in the county of Kent, master
of the lugger Petrel, and on behalf of the owners and crew of the said
lugger, against the brig or vessel VICTORIA, her tackle, apparel, and
furniture, and the cargo now or lately laden therein, together with the
freight due for the transportation thereof, now lying at Ramsgate
aforesaid, under arrest, by virtue of a warrant issued from the Registry
of the said Court, and no appearance has been entered in the said
cause, this is to give notice to all persons who have, or claim to have,
any RIGHT, title, or interest in the said vessel Victoria, or in the said
cargo, that if an appearance in the said cause be not entered in the
Registry of the said Court within six days from the publication of this
notice, the Judge of the said Court will order the said vessel and cargo
to be sold, to answer the claims instituted or to be instituted against
the same, or make such order in the premises as to him shall seem
right. — Dated this 16th of February, 1861.
H. A. BATHURST, Assistant Registrar.
Notice of sale of ship and cargo taken out by C.N. Cole, No. 36,
Essex-street, Strand.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of
ENGLAND.—No. 581.—The EROE, Balderson, Master.—Whereas,
a cause of damage has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty
of England, on behalf of the owners of the ship or vessel Katherine,
against the brig or vessel Eroe, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and
the freight due for the transportation of the cargo now or lately laden
therein; and whereas, the said vessel is now lying at Cardiff, in the
county of Glamorgan, under arrest by virtue of a warrant issued from
the Registry of the said Court, and no appearance has been entered in
the said cause, this is to give notice to all persons who have or claim
to have any RIGHT, Title, or Interest in the said vessel EROE, that
if an appearance in the said cause be not entered in the Registry of
the said Court within six days from the publication of this notice, the
Judge of the said Court will order the said vessel to be sold to answer
the claims instituted or to be instituted against the same, or make such
order in the premises as to him shall seem right. —Dated the 25th day
of February, 1861.
H. C. ROTHERY, Registrar.
Notice of sale of ship taken out by Clarkson and Son, 25, Great Carter¬
lane, Doctors'-comm.
