THOUGHTFUL F.—Not Let. In an awful fix.
es,taxes, and bills to settle at once.

WARA.—Have you forgotten das Vaterland?
2.
Answer.—Yours, F.
TO R.N.—Why have you not come to see me all these

ne in suspense any longer.—.
CHILDIE.—So very sorry: it is unaccountable. Poor
little woman, what you told me has grieved me beyond measure.
I must endeavour to make you forget hereafter. We mus meet.
CHARLES EDWARDS. — INFORMATION
WANTED Formerly engaged with the late Mr. Arundel in
mining business, Last heard of at Bell-court, Doctors'-commons, about
four years since. Address to his sister, Emma H., Deacon's new rooms,
No. 147. Leadenhall-Street, London.
GRAY, WILLIAM.—If WILLIAM GRAY, who in
the year 1852 was living at No. 4, North-place, Hampstead-road, in
the County of Middlesex and who was a surgeon, or a surgeon's assist-¬
ant, is alive and will COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Ithodes and son.
of 63, Chancery-lane, in the County of Middlesex, he may hear of
something to his advantage, if dead, anyone furnishing Messrs. Rhodes
and Son with information of his death will oblige.
EVANS, of Chiton, near Bristol.—If any CHILD or
CHILDREN of WILLIAM EVANS and AGNES, his wife,
formerly Wilson (who were married at Clifton, in the county of Glou¬
cester on the 19th day of September, 1739), are alive, and will COM¬
MUNICATE with Messrs.; Rhodes and Son, of 63, Chancer-lane, iin the
county of Middlesex, solicitors, he, she, or they, may hear of something
tohis her or their advantage. If dead, anyone furnishing Messrs. Rhodes
and Son with information of the death or deaths will oblige.
MYSTERIOUSLY MISSING, while tr
to ing e it 
he


a  oe f

EE C O.

narive of San Francisco, California. She is middle sized, stoutly
ae en et.
built, light hair, bine eyes, and beautifal teeth, small hand.
Speaks English, French, a little German, and Spanish. Was elegantly

cket.
dressed, and wore d
amnond ring, pearl earrings, and
a a m onds an
turenoise
Information to Mr. Pollaky, 13, Padding-¬
ton-green, London,
THE UNIVERSAL BENEFICENT SOCIETY,
15, Soho-square.—The Council desire to return their grateful
THANKS to Rivett Carnacke, Esq., for his kind DONATION of FOUR
GUINEAS, and also to rr A. H. Elton, Bart for his Donation of Two
Guineas.—G. STORMONT MURPHY, Hon. Sec.
LOST, by a poor man, on November 1st, close to the
Bank of England, a FIVE-POUND NOTE, with name and ad¬
on face. A REWARD of TEN SHILLINGS will be given if
taken to J. Mann, 2, Old Broad-street.
LOST, on Friday night, near Grosvenor-square, a
PUG DOG, with leather collar; answerr to the name of Punch.
whnever will take the same to 45, Grosvenor-square, shall be RE¬
WARDED.
LOST, on the 5th, a SMALL, YELLOWISH¬
BROWN DOG, with silky hair, bushy tail, white feer and chest.
Answers to the name of Rough. Any one taking the same to 180.
King Henry's-road, South Hampstead, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS
REWARD.
LOST, on Saturday, the 9th inst., in the neighbour¬
hood of the Strand, a BLACK and TAN HALF-BRED
StANIEL DOG, which answers to the name of Tyke. It tad on a
leather collar bearing a portion of a brass plate which had had the
owner's name and andress engraved upon it. The finder upon taking
the animal to the Bazaar newspaper office. 32. Wellinston-Street, Strand,
between the hours of 10 and 6, suall be REWARDED.
EFT' in a CAB, which set down two ladies and a
gentleman at 59, King Henry's-road, N.W. on the evening o
rsdny, the 7th inst., a PAISLEY SHAWL and a PORTFOLIO of
MUSIC. Anyone taking the same to the above address shall be KE¬
WARDED.
WHERE IS IT?—LOST, in a Hansom Cab, that
took a lady and gentleman from the St. Geerge's Hotel, Albe¬
marle-street, to 36, Berkeley-square, on Friday morning, Oct. 25th, a
SMALL GREEN BOOK, with the above on cover. Full address in¬
side. TEN SHILLINGS REWARD to anyone returning the same to
Mrs. Fane Benett, Pyt-house, Tisbury.
TEN POUNDS R.
WARD.—
LOST, on the evening
e
ulto. , ne ar eet
rStati.
Ba n
ne, open-face, 7.
plate, LEVER WATCH, compensation balance, enamel

dia, maker—Geo. Moore, St. John's-square, London, case plain, steel
hands, No. 75, 336: and cable-linged Gold
ert Chain, withpenant
s
taee crest engraved on seal. Intormation to Mr.
i
a, printer, 80, Rochester-row, Westminster, S.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednesday,
the 6th inst, near Hampstead, a very SMALL, SANDY, half-bred
POG DOG, with Dark Brown Hanging Ears, and Black and Gray Muz¬
zle answers to the name of Puck. Had on plated collar ivery lonsel,
with name and address, 59, Finchley New-road. Anyone finding him
is earnestly requested to take nim to the above address, when they shall
receive £2. No further reward will be offered.
TO HANSOM CABMEN.—LEFT in a Hansem
CAB, which took a gentleman from outside the Langham Hotel
to Westbourne, between 1 and 3 o'cloes on Sunday morning, the 27th
nit., a SMALL BLACK LEATHER BAG, containing chquebook,
passbook, with owners name thereon, and several other papers of no
value to any one except the owner. Whoever will take the same to
No. 18, Artesian-road, Bayswater, or to 17 and 18, Cornhill, E.C., care
of W. Daney Bentley, shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
TIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, near Glou¬
ester-square, Hyde-park, a BLACK COLLIE DOG. Any one
who will take him to No. 1, Gloucester-squaee, W., shall receive the
abovensied sum. No further reward will be offered.
FOUR POUNDS REWARD will be given to any
person taking to the po ter of the Couservative Club, st. James's-¬
steeet, a nig SLACK and TAN TERRIER DOG, lost on Sunday, the
16th inst., in St. James's-street, between 1 and 2 p.m. Owner's name
and address on the colls.
FOUR POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at Daiston
Junction, on Sunday even
Nov. 10, at 8.45 p.m., an ENGLIH
SILVER LEVER HUNTING WATCH; name inside, Richard Gill.
Whoever will take the above to No. 1, Fdward-street, Turner's-road,
Butdett-road, bow, shall receive the anove reward.
FOUND, on Wednesday, Nov. 6th, a BULL
TERRIER, black and tan markings. The owner can have the
same by paying expenses. Apply at 6a. White Horse-street, Picca¬
dily, W.
DOVER CASTLE HOTEL, Dover.—If the
THINGS let by ARTHUR GREENWOOD in July, 1871, at
the above hoee, are NOT CLAIMED within 14 days from this date,
they will be SOLD to pay expenses.
THE COMMITTEE of the ARMY and NAVY
CLUB request that any TRADESMEN having any CLAIM on
the Club for goods supplied on the order of the late steward Mr.
Cates, will send in such account immediately, addressed to the Secre¬
tary, for examination. No claim will be attended to that is not sent
in prior to the 10t December, 1872. —Pall-malj, Nov. 8, 1872.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE
(Ireiami).—In the goods of Ambrose Minchin late of Lower
Mount Street in the city of Dubhin Presumed Dead.—Whereas the
said Ambrose Minenin left Dublin some time in the year 1854 and
remamned a short time in Sheffierd in Englane which place he left on
30th April 1854 and was last heard of in the year 1357, And the sam
Ambrose Minchin (if aive) wound be enutied to some property in ire¬
and in right of his wife Saran Minchin and of his daughter Jane
Mincuin who both died before 1854 And Whereas Mary Forster his
daughter believing him to be dead appried to the Court of Probate, at
Dunimn for auministration to sadd Ambrose Mincuin as of a person
supposed to be deceased intestate. This anvertisement is inserted pur¬
suant to order of said court for the purpose of obtaining INFORMA¬
TION with respect to said AMBROSE MINCHIN. The application
for administration will be renewed on 5th Dec. 1872. Any person ame
to give such information is requested to commumcate fortnwith with
Henry Oluham 4: Fleet Street Lubiin solicitor forsaid Mar Forster.
TO the NEXT of Kin (if any and all other persons
in general having or pretending to have any interest in the per¬
sonal eatate and effects of JOHN RCnAnDs late of the City of
Exeter gentleman neceased Take Notice that on the 6th day or No¬
vember 1872 a CITATION issued under Seal of Her Majesty's Court of
Probate at the mseance of meorge English Spencer and John Richards
Hussey two of the Legatees named in theWill of thesail Joun Ricuarus
deceased citing you within thirey days after service hereof on you in¬
cluaive of the day of auch sernce to cause an appearance to be entered
for you in the Principal Registry of the said Court of Probate and ac¬
cept or refuse Letters of Aummistration (with the Will annexed) of
the personal estate and effects of the said John Richarus deceased left
unsoministered by Thomas Hussey deceased the sole Executor named
in the said Will who has since died Intestate or show cause why the
same should not be granted to the said George English Spencer and
John Richards Hussey And take Notice that in default of your so
appearing and accepting and extracting the said Letters of Adminis¬
tration (with the Will annexed) of the said unadministered affects the
Judge ot the said Court or the Registrars of the Principal Registry
thereof will proceed to grant Letters of Administration (with the Will
annexed) of the personal estate and effects of the said John Richards
deceased left unaummistered as aforesaid to the said George English
Spencer and John Richards Hussey your absence notwithstanding—
Dated the seventh day of November 1872
H. L. STRONG Regist r .
E. W. CROSSE, Proctor and Solicitor Doctors
Commons, London.
HUGUENOTS' BURIAL GROUND, Mount Nod,
Wandsworth, Surrey.—Some gentlemen, descenuants of the
higenots burien at Wannsworth, are desirous of putting the di¬
lapidated monuments in the above ground in a decent state of repair.
Any gentlemen wishing to take part in forwarding the object in view¬
are requested to communicate with Mr. Bernard B. Portal, Daventry¬
house, Upper Tooting, S.W.; or with Mr. W. Wilson, Parish Clerk,
No. 5, Tonsley-hall, Wandsworth, S.W. The following are the names
of some of those buried there:—Lafitte, Hawtayne, Bories, Comarque,
Papinean, Bandsnin, Bourdes, Fourdrinier, &c.
EPPING FOREST COMMISSION.—The Epping
Frest Commissioners hereby give notice that, by an ORDER
dated the 50th day of cctober, 1842, made in pursuance of the autho¬
rity given to them for that purpose by the "Epping Forest Amen ment
Act, 1872," they have ordered that, until the expiration of the Session
of Parhament next arter they shall have made their final report under
the "Epping Forest Act, 1871," or until further order, all persons who¬
soever shall be, and they are by the said Order prohibited from com¬
mitting any waste injury, or destruction of or to the trees growing upon
the waste lands of the said Forest within the Manor of Loughton, and
which lanus are distinguished on the plan annexed to the said Order by
the colour green (excepting such portions of the said waste lands, and
so colouren green, as are known by te names of Monks-woods and the
Loughton Prece); and all persons affected by the said order are to be
at liperty to apply to the said Commissioners as there may be occa¬
sion.
Copies of the said Order and plan are deposited for inspection at the
office of the Commissioners, No. 6, Old Palace-yard, Westminster; the
Castle Hotel, Woodford; the Crown Hotel, Loughton; and the Cock
Hotel, Epping.
Dated this 1st day of November, 1872.
T. P. WILKINSON, Olerx to the Epping Forest Con¬
EPPING FOREST COMMISSION.—The Epping
Forest Comustioners horeby give notice, that, for the purposes
of the "Epping Forest Act, 1841," a PLAN in two parts has been pre¬
pared onder their direction, showing the bounuaries of the umuclosed
waste lauds of the said forest, and inclosures of waste lanus of the said
forest as hereinafter mentioned, so far as they have been ascertained
os the Commissioners in their perambulation of boundaries, and the
inquires alrendy made by them. In such plan inclosures of waste
lands of the said forest made within the peried of 20 years next pre¬
ceding and since the passing of the said Act have been lain donn and
included as pornons of the forest to be dealt with as being subject to
the inquiries of the Commissioners, and such inclosures are dis¬
tinguishied on the said plan from the open and uninclosed waste lands
of the said forest, and the lands over which the lorest rights of the
Crown still remain in the Crown are distinguished from those lands
over which the Crown's rights have been conveyed or reseased.
Copies of the said plan have been deposited at the office of the Com¬
missioners, No. 6, Om Palace-yard, Westminster; the Castie Hotel,
Woodford; the Crown Hotel, Louguton; and the Cock notel, Epping,
for the inspection of all parties interested therein; and copies of the
said plan may be obtained at the office of the Commissioners, as above,

Notice is hereby also given, that all persons, whether interested or
claiming to be interested, either as Lords of Manors, grantees, pur¬
chasers, commoners, or otherwise howsoever, having objections to
such pian, are nereby required to send notice in writing of such ob¬
jections to the Conmissioners, at their office, No. 6, Old Palace-yard,
Westminster, on or before the 26th day of November instant.
Lseseon
T. P. WILKINSON, Cierk to the Epping Forest Commissioners.
PPING FOREST COMMISSION.—The Epping
Forest Commissioners hereby give notice that COPIES of the fr¬
ther CLAIMS sent in to tnom under the "Apping Forest Act. 1871," have
been deposited at the office of the Commissioner-, No. 6. Old Palace-yard,
Westminster; the Castie Hotel, Woodford; the Crown Hotel, Loughton
and the Cock Hotel, Apping, for the inspection of all parties interested
therein; and that the copies of clamms previously deposited at the
above-mentioned places stid remain there for mepection also.
Notice is hereby atso given, chat all persons having obrections to such
clanns, or any of them, are nereby required to send notice in writing
of such objections to the said Commissioners, at their office, No. 6, Old
Palace-yard, Westminster aforesaid, on or before the 20th day of No¬
vember instant.
Beeersesse
. T. P. WILK INSON, Clerk to the Epping Forest Commissioners.
NOTICE.— BAILEYS IMPROVED BELTS,
Elastic Stockings, &c., can only be obtained at their new address,
No. 16, Oxford-street, London, W. (ate of No. 418, directly opposite).
OTICE.—Mr. STREETER finds it necessary to
state that his BRIDESMAIDS' LOCKETS at £2, and Bracelets
at £5 (designs registered and copyright), can only be obtained at 37,
Conduit-street, Bond-Street, Lonuon, W.
NOTICE.—Cannes, South of France.— Mr. JOHN
TAYLOR, English General Agent, having pow returned to
an¬
can be couimunicated with for all information, at his
offices, Nos. 13 and 15, Rue de Fréjus, where his plan of Cannes can
be consulted.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—The old-established
BUSINESS of H. SEWARD and Co., 15 and 16, Blackman¬
street, Borough, has been REMOVED to G. M. and H. J. Story's whole¬
sale and export cabinet warehouse, 33, London-wall, and 2, Coleman¬

