NINE OF US.—E. W. F. S. I. T. Y. D. and G.—
At Mr. Smith's.
TO SOLICITORS and others.—WANTED, IN¬
FORMATION in reference to a WILL, or any other document
relative to the estate, of the late Mr. JOSEPH HARDING, of Wat¬
ford, Herts. Address Mr. W. Pitkin, Chalk-hill, Bushey.
THOS. ADD""N LEFT his HOME, in Albany¬
street, on the 20th ult. Any INFORMATION respecting him
will be gratefully received on the part of his relatives by Thomas
Oliphant, Esq., 38, Great Marlborough-Street, W.
THE SECRETARY of the FRIEND of the CLERGY
CORPORATION begs gratefully to ACKNOWLEDGE the receipt
of PARCELS of CLOTHING from "W. E.," "J. G.," and others.
Such help is much needed, and may be forwarded to the offices of the
Corporation, 4, St. Martin's-place, London, W.C.
NATIONAL HOSPITAL for the PARALYSED
and EPILEPTIC, Queen-square, Bloomsbury.—The legacy of
£90, acknowledged in the list published in The Times on Friday last,
should have been described as bequeathed by the late Richard
Culverwell, Eso
E. H. CHANDLER, Hon. Sec.
CONFERENCE of BISHOPS, 1867.—COLONIAL
and AMERICAN BISHOPS are requested to FORWARD their
ADDRESSES to the Secretary of the S. P. G., 5, Park-place, St.
James's-street, S.W. Letters for several Bishops are now lying at the
office awaiting instructious to forward.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c.—A
REGISTER containing the names of all persons who have been
advertised for to claim property since 1749. 2s. ; post free 25' inps.—
DOUGAL and Co., 58 Cheapside, E.C.
IThe undersigned RICHARD EDWARDS, of
Moreton, in the county Palatine of Lancaster, clerk, vicar of
Mytton, in the West Riding of the county of York, do hereb
give
notice, that from and after the date hereof I intend to TAKE and
USE the SURNAME of TAYLOR, in addition to that of Edwards,
in compliance with a direction contained in the will of James Taylor,
late of Whalley, in the said county of Lancaster, Esquire, bearing date
the 19th day of October, 1825, and henceforth I shall for all purposes
whatsoever be known and designated by the name of Richard Edwards
Taylor.—As witness my hand this 11th day of September 1867,
RICHARD EDWARDS.
Witness to the signing hereof—Robt. Whitle,
Whalley Abbey, Lancashire.
THE MARTIN TUPPER TESTIMONIAL.—It
is proposed to give to Mr. MARTIN F. TUPPER, now at
length, a TESTIMONIAL in acknowledgment of his services to litera¬
ture and religion; and as many of his friends, both in America and in
the colonies, no less than in the British Isles, might like to join in
such recognition of honour to the Author of "Proverbial Philosophy,"
this announcement is made public.
The form of the Testimonial will be determined by its amount: pro¬
bably the simplest form is best. A list of subscribers will appear in
due course. Meanwhile contributions will be thankfully received by
Thomas Hunt, Esq., Hon. Treasurer 11, Manchester-square, London,
W.; if by postal order, to the Vere-street post-office, W. ; if by
cheque, to be crossed Herries and Co., London.
FREE LABOUR REGISTRATION SOCIETY.
Head Office, 9. Victoria-chambers, Victoria-street, Westminster,
S.W.—This Society has been formed to check the acknowledged evils
of trades unions, by affording a rallying point for non unionist work¬
men and employers. Many thousands of working men have already
enrolled. The objects of the Society are:—
Obtaining work for the unemployed, and hands for employers.
2. The free discussion of all questions affecting capital and labour.
3. Their peaceful settlement by arbitration.
4. Protection of members by constitutional means.
The public are earnestly entreated to support the cause by their
money and names.
One-third of all donations is applied to the Benefit Fund.
Donations and subscriptions are received by Messrs. Ransome,
Bouverie, and Co., No. 1, Pall-mall east; or by F. C. Maude, Colonel,

PRIDEAUX JOHN SELBY, Esquire, deceased.—
Pursuant to an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Ses¬
sion hoiden in the 22d and 23d years of the reign of Her present Ma¬
jesty, intituled "An Act to further Amend the Law of Property
and to Relieve Trustees," notice is hereby given, that all CREDI¬
TORS and other persons having any claims against the estate of
PRIDEAUX JOHN SELBY, late of Twizell-house, in the county of
Northumberland, Esquire, deceased (who died on the 28th day of
March, 1867, and of whose will, dated the 22d day of October, 1860,
probate was granted out of the Principal Registry of the Court of
Probate, on the 21st day of May, 1867, to the Reverend Edmund An¬
trobus, of Twizell-house aforesaid, clerk, one of the surviving execu¬
tors therein named), are requested to send in the particulars, in writing,
of such claims to the said executor, at the office of his solicitor, the
undersigned Thomas Tate, of Alnwick, in the said county of Nor¬
thumberland, before or on the 1st day of November next; after
which time the said Edmund Antrobus will proceed to distribute the
assets of the said Prideaux John Selby among the parties entitied
thereto, having regard to the claims of which notice shall have
been given; and he, the said executor, will not be liable for such
assets, or any part thereof, so distributed to any person of whose
claim he shall not then have had notice.—Dated this 23d day of
August, 1867.
T. TATE, Alnwick, Solicitor to the Executor of the said
Prideaux John Selby, deceased.
MRS. MARY ANNE CLIVE, widow, deceased.—
Pursuant to an Act of Parliament made and passed in the 22d
and 23d years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An Act
to further Amend the Law of Property and to Relieve Trustees," notice
is hereby given, that all CREDITORS and other persons having any
claim, debt, or other demand against the estate of MARY ANNE
CLIVE, of Ryde, Isle of Wight, in the county of Hants, widow (who
died on the 13th day of July, 1867, and whose will was proved on the
28th day of August, 1867, by Edward Somerset, of No. 94, Pall-mall,
in the county of Middlesex, Esquire, C.B., a colonel in Her Ma¬
jesty's Army, and the Reverend Archer Clive, of Whitfield, in the
county of Hereford, clerk, the executors, according to the tenor of the
will therein named, in the Principal Registry of Her Majesty's Court
of Probate), are hereby required to send the particulars of their debts
or demands to us, the undersigned, Messieurs Birch and Ingram, of
No. 68, Lincoln's-inn-fields, in the county of Middlesex, solicitors for
the said executors, on or before the 20th day of November next; after
which time the said executors will proceed to distribute the whole of
the estate of the said testatrix among the parties entitied thereto,
having regard to the claims of which the said executors shall then have
had notice; and the said executors will not be liable to any person of
whose claim they shall not then have received notice at the time of
such distribution. —Dated the 4th day of September, 1867.
BIRCH and INGRAM, Solicitors for the said Executors,
No. 68, Lincoln's-inn-fields, W. C.
GAPTAIN GEORGE SELBY, deceased. —Pursuant
to an Act of Parlament made and passed in the Session holden
in the 22d and 23d years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled
"An Act to forther Amend the Law of Property and to Relieve Trus¬
tees," notice is hereby given, that all CREDITORS and other persons
having any claims against the estate of GEORGE SELBY, late of
Belle Vue-cottage, in the parish of Alnwick, in the county of North¬
umberland, a Commander in the Royal Navy, deceased (who died on
the 23d day of June, 1867, and of whose will and codicil, dated respec¬
tively the 23d day of January and 5th day of June, 1867, probate was
granted out of the Principal Registry of the Court of Probate on the
18th day of July, 1867, to the Rev. George Selby Thomson, of Ackling¬
ton, in the said county of Northumberland, clerk, and Thomas Tate, of
Denwick, in the parish of Alnwicl aforesaid, gentleman, the execu¬
tors named in the said will, and William Brodrick, of Budleigh Salter¬
ton, in the county of Devon, Esquire, the executors named in the said
codicill, are requested to send in the particulars, in writing, of such
claims to the said executors, at the office of their solicitor, the under¬
signed Thomas Tate, of Alnwick aforesaid, before or on the 1st day of
November next; after which time the said George Selby Thomson,
Thomas Tate, and William Brodrick will proceed to distribute the
assets of the said George Selby amongst the parties entitied thereto,
having regard only to the claims of which notice shall then have been
given; and they, the said executors will not be liable for such assets,
or any part thereof, to any person or persons of whose claim they shall
not then have had notice — Dated this 23d day of August, 1867.
T. TATE, Alnwick, Solicitor to the Executors of the
saido
eorge Selby, deceased.
CAUTION.—I, the undersigned, hereby give notice,
that all persons detected selling any imitation of my EAU de
COLOGNE will be proceeded against by law All purchasers should
note that the label on the bottle is that of Johann Maria Farina,
Julichs Platz, No. 4. My sole agents for Great Britain and Ireland
are Wm. Fickus, jun., and Co., 23, Mark-lane, London.
JOHANN MARIA FARINA, Julichs Platz, No. 4, Cologne.
CAUTION. — Self-fitting Candles. — We,
the undersigned, do hereby give notice that we have, by letters
patent, secured to ourselves the exciusive right of making candies with
tapering ends, commonly called SELF-FITTING CANDLES, now to
be obtained of every chymist, grocer, or chandier, in all sizes, and of
various qualities. The public are cautioned against imitations, and
persons infringing such patents, or being parties privy thereto, are
hereby informed that they render themselves liable to proceedings.
J. C. and J. FIELD, Upper-marsh, Lambeth, Londo
PUBLIC NOTICE.—The Society of Arts having
awarded their silver medal and prize of 20 guineas to Messrs.
PARKINS and GOTTO, of 25, Oxford-street, for their 2s. WRITING¬
CASE (of which 500,000 have been sold), for its utility, durability, and
cheapness, the public are hereby CAUTIONED against various imita¬
tions of the same, none being genuine uniess stamped "Parkins and
Gotto," with a crown above. The Postmaster-General permits this
particular case to pass through the post for four stamps
NOTICE.—HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co.
(Limited).—Owing to numerous letters miscarrying through being
inaccurately addressed, all letters should be directed Hancock, Bur¬
brook, and Co., Limited (now Edwin W. Streeter), 37, Conduit-street,
New Bond-street, W.
REMOVAL.—Messrs. CHUBB and SON beg to
announce the REMOVAL of their SAFE MANUFACTORY
from West Smithfield to their newly-erected premises, Chubb's Safe
Works, Glengall-road, Old Kent-road, S.E.
LOTICE.—The BUSINESS of the EAGLE IN¬
SURANCE COMPANY will be conducted at the NEW
OFFICES, No. 79, Pall-mall, on and after Monday, the 23d inst.—

NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Messrs. WYATT and
BUSH, tailors, 20, St. Martin's-le-Grand, beg to announce that
in consequence of their premises being required for the General Post¬
office Extension, they have REMOVED to 62, Cannon-street, E.C.
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES instituted with secresy and despatch
an n divorce, and other cases, by
 Pollaky, 13, Paddington-green.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, 2, Soutnampton-¬
buildings, Holborn.—Mr. BENTLEY (late Sheriff's officer), having
had 20 years' experience, undertakes inquiries of all kinds requiring
creey and despatch especially for the Divorce Court.
MESSRS. FORRESTER's PRIVATE INQUIRY
OFFICE, No. 6, Dane's-inn, St. Clement's, Strand.—Mr. JNO,
FORRESTER, late principal police officer at the Mansion-house, city
of London. Confidential Inquiries made in England and abroad.
BILLIARD TABLES.—Messrs. GILLOW and Co.
beg to call the attention of purchasers to their BILLIARD
TABLES, which are manufactured with all the most recent improve¬
ments. —176, Oxford-street, W.
RILLIARD TABLES.—BILLIARD TABLES of
the finest manufacture, with all the latest improvements, and
at moderate prices.—J. McCARTHY's billard table manufactory,
29, Smith-street, Northampton-square, London. Tables always on show.
BILLIARDS.—THURSTON and Co., Billard
Table Manufacturers, Lampmakers, and Gasfitters to Her Majesty
the Queen, H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, H.R.H. the Duke of Edin¬
burgh, H.S.H. Prince Leiningen, War-office and Admiralty, &c.—
No. 14, Catherne-street, Strand, London, W.C.
BARGAIN.—Superior REPEATING CHRONO¬
METER CARRIAGE or TABLE CLOCK, strikes hours and
halves, alarms (21 days), visible movement, and outer case, most accurate
time keeper. Price £12, cost £25. Ellis, Brothers, fine arts and general
agents, 20, Spring-gardens, Charing-cross
CURIOSITIES.—Wanted, to Purchase, Old China
Vases and Objects of High Art.—F. DAVIS will PURCHASE,
for cash, OLD SEVRES, Chelsea, and other PORCELAINES, antique
bijouterie, crystals, Limoges and other enamels, or moulu clocks, cande¬
labra, furniture, bronzes, statuary, &c. F. D. has a large collection of
objects of high art always on sale at his Galleries, 100, New Bond-Street,
W. Valuation and catalogues made for probate duty. All letters and
photographs addressed as above.
WOOD TAPESTRY (HOWARD's PATENT)
for covering walls, ceilings, and other surfaces with real wood
in lien of painting and graining. —Howard and Sons, decorators and
upholders, 26 and 27, Berners-street, Oxford-stree

MONOGRAMS (Novel Designs)—five quires supe¬
rior note and 100 envelopes, stamped in four rich colours any
two or three initials, for 5s. ; very best ditto, 6s. 6d. No charge for
die. Specimens one stamp.—J. MACMICHAEL, heraldic istationer,
No. 207, King's-road. London, S. W.
MONOGRAMS.—RODRIGUES MONOGRAMS,
Arms, Crests, and Addresses, designed and engraved as gems of
Art; steel dies engraved; note paper and envelopes stamped in colour
relief, and illuminated in the most elegant style ; arms, crests, or mono¬
grams engraved on seals or rings.—At H. Rodrignes', 42, Piccadilly, W.
MONOGRAMS, by CULLETON. No charge for
engraving steel dies with crest and motto. Monogram or address,
if an order be given for a ram of the very best paper and 500 envelopes,
all stamped free for 21s. fiyve quires of note with 100 envelopes stamped
in colours with monogram, 4., or stamps.—T. Culleton, seal engraver,
No. 25, Cranbourne-street,corner of St. Martin's-lane, W.C.
MONOGRAM STATIONERY.—PARKINS and
GOTTO's SHILLING BOX, containing three dozen sheets of
good cream laid note paper (three sizes) and three doven envelopes to
match, all stamped in blue relief, with any one letter reversed, sent
post free to any part of the kingdom for 13 stamps.—Parkins and
Gotto, general stationers, 24 and 25, Oxford-street, London. N.B.
Sample packet of upwards of 50 different kinds of note paper and
envelopes, at extremely low prices, sent post free for two stamps.
WHAT is YOUR CREST, and What is Your
Motto ?—Send name and county to CULLETON's heraldic
office, 3s. 6d. plain drawing; in heraldic colours, 6s. The arms of man
and wife blended. The proper colours for servants' livery. Fee 10s.
Podigrees traced. Crests engraved on seals, dies, or book plates, 7s. 6d.
The Manual of Heraldry, 3s. 6d. Culleton's Book of Family Crests
and Mottoes, 4,000 engravings, £10 10s.—T. Culleton, scal engraver,
No. 25, Cranbourn-street, corner of St. Martin's-lane.
