ON Jany, 19th.—L. H. S. to E. F.
NOT IN THESE BOOTS.—H.R.
F.—Oh, do be kind. It will break my heart if you
lea
ne ths
G. J. D.—LETTERS are waiting for you, P. O. W.
Please answer.—ELISE.
JAMES MeLACHLAN, who was living at Holly
Hall, Lincolnshire, about eight years ago, will HEAR of SOME¬
THING to his ADVANTAGE, by addressing M., care of Mr. Mea¬
dows, 8, Fulbam-road, S.W.
THE ADVERTISER would be glad of any INFOR¬
MATION respecting the whereabouts of Mrs. ROBERT
DENNIS, maiden name Elizabeth Crowiey or Caplin, who left
Victoria, Australia, about July or August, 1859, and lsupposed to have

street, Little Moorfields, E.C.
TO PARISH CLERKS and others.—FIVE POUNDS
tessensemmereeseaasos

essesen
Teeeesse

—



Tsdumemser.


eeseeaamseseme
ward will be given by Mr. Green, 116, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square.
No further reward will be offered.
SIXTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on
Saturday, January 1st, a GOLD BRACELET, with gold enamel


or in a cab. Whoever will take the same to 33, Bruton-street, shall
receive the above reward.
CITY of MANCHESTER POLICE.—FIVE
HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—WANTED, under a
warrant by the Manchester Police for stealing bills of exchange and
cash to the amount of £3,886, JOHN KING, a cashier, 40 years of
age, 5 feet 9 inches high, stout made, about 12 stone weight, very much
marked with small-pox, dark hair, a little bald on the crown, large
whiskers and moustache (which he may have shaved off), shaved on
chin, bushy eyebrows, smart looking, and has a nervous, excitable
manner. He resided at Marple, Chesffire, and was last seen in that
neighbourhood on the afternoon of Saturday, 15th January, 1870. It
is probable that he may try to start in business in some way, or he may
endeavour to obtain employment as a cashier He is very clever at
figures, and an expert accountant. He is fond of music, and smokes a
good deal. The above reward will be paid on the apprehension of the

recovered. Information to Captain Palin, Chief Constable, Man¬
chester.
Detective Department, Town-hall, Manchester,

ROYAL ALFRED AGED MERCHANT
SEAMENS INSTITUTION (late Belvedere).—The Committee
ACKNOWLEDGE, with sincere thanks, a SECOND DONATION of
£3 3s, from Messrs. Devaux and Co., in aid of the funds of the Insti¬
tution.—Cowper's-court, Cornhill, E.C., 25th Jan., 1870.
THE SECRETARYof the NATIONAL HOSPITAL
for the PARALYSED and EPILEPTIC, Queen-square, Blooms¬
 thankfully ACKNOWLEDGES the RECEPT, by post, of a
BANK of ENGLAND NOTE, value £5, A-58 41571, forwarded by

LOST, a GOLD SIGNET RING, bloodstone crested,
with hair beneath; supposed in Mecklenburgh-square, at 7 p.m.
on Thursday, Jan. 20. ONE GUINEA REWARD will be paid to any
one taking the same to 31, Walpole-street, King's-road, Chelses.
LOST (ONE POUND REWARD), on Thursday
evening last, in Cambridge-square or Hyde-park-terrace, a
NARROW GOLD RRACELET, with ball tassels. Whoever will take
the same to Mr. Mullett's, 1, Albion-place, Hyde-park, shall receive the
above reward.
LOST (supposed in Eaton-place), a RED RUSSIAN
LEATHER PORTEMONNAIE, containing ten sovereigns and
two half-sovereigns, and about £1 in silver; also a note on a banker at
Bruges for £2, which, not being endorsed, is of no use to any one. A
REWARD of TWO SOVEREIGNS will be given to any one taking
the same to Mr. Bolton's library, St. George's-place, Knightsbridge.
LOST, on Monday evening the 24th inst., between
6 and 11 p.m., a STREET DOOR KEY (Chubb's patent), sup¬
posed to have been dropped either in a four-wheel cab which took
three gentlemen from opposite Mudie's library to St. James's-hall,
about 8 p.m., or in the balcony of the hall. The finder shall receive
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD on leaving it with Messrs. Mann,
Nenhews, 39, Cornhill.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST on the 13th
September, a WHITE POMERANIAN DOG. Whoever will
take the same to 61, Springfield-road, Marlborough-road, St. John's¬
wood, shall receive the above reward.
TO BANKERS, Bill Discounters, Solicitors, and
others.—The public are CAUTIONED against NEGOTIATING,
or advancing money upon, any BOND, Bill, Promissory Note, or other
security, signed by me, the undersigned Emily Lyddon, of 46 and 47,
Old Market-street, Bristol, I not having received any valuable con¬
sideration for any such instrument, but having, on the 17th January
instant, been induced by misrepresentation to sign my name to a
document, the contents whereof I am ignorant of, but believed to be a
promissory note for £1,000. —Dated this 21st day of January, 1870.
EMILY LYDDON.
NEXT of KIN OFFICE: established 1825.—
ROBERT CHAMBERS, compiler of "Chambers's Chancery
Heirs, Legatees, &c.," contains upwards of 100,000 names, from 1700.—
o. 24, Grosvenor-street, Camberwell, S.E. Search foe, 30 stamps.
FFICE of AGENT-GENERAL for SOUTH
AUSTRALIA, 37, Great George-street, Westminster, London,
S.W., 24th Jannary, 1870. —Notice to Holders of Land Orders
in the Northern Territory of South Australia.—The undernigned has
received from the Government of South Australia, by the mail de¬
livered this morning, full information respecting the completion of the
SURVEY of the NORTHERN TERRITORY. The official docu¬
ments will be put in print with all speed, and a copy will be forwarded
(probably in the course of this week) to each land order holder whose
present address is known to the undersigned. Those who may not re¬
ceive a copy will be so good as to apply for the same at this office, or
send their address here, when a copy will be forwarded. In the meanwhile
land order holders in England are informed that the definite arrange¬
ments for the selection of the land are deferred, to give them every op¬
portunity of despatching their agents, or their instructions, either to
the Northern Territory direct or to Adelaide, by either of the mails
leaving London on Friday next, the 28th January, or by the mail on
Tuesday, 25th February, the latter reaching Adelaide on the 12th
April, two or three weeks after which latter date a ship will be despatched
from Port Adelaide to Port Darwin.
FRANCIS S. DUTTON, Agent General for the
Government of South Australla.
COLUMBIA-MARKET, Shoreditch (near Great
Eastern Railway Terminus and Goods Station).—NEW WHOLE,
SALE FISH MARKET.—It has been decided by a committee of gen¬
teemen in the fishing interest that, owing to the over-crowded state of
Billingsgate, a second fish market is much needed in London. Per¬
mission having been obtained from Miss Burdett Coutts, COLUMBIA
MARKET will be OPENED as a relief to Billingsgate, on Monday,
Feb. 21. A constant and regular supply of fish is guaranteed by a
large fleet of vessels. Applications for stands to be addressed Mana¬
ging Director, Columbia-market, Shoreditch.
Salesmen already established in market:—Mr. Pibell and Mr. Reed,
both of Billingsgate.
PENCES PATENT NON-CONDUCTING COM¬
POSITION and CEMENT COMPANY (Limited), in Liguida¬
ion.—The Liquidators are prepared to receive TENDERS for the
PURCHASE of the COMPANYS INTEREST in certain LETTERS
PATENT, granted to James Spence, for the manufacture of Non-con¬
ducting Composition and Cement, numbered and dated as follows, viz.,
No. 2842, dated 22d October, 1862, and No. 2371, dated 26th September,
1863, copies of which will be forwarded on application. The purchaser
to take the plant, machinery, utensils, and stock at a valuation to be
made in the usual way. The fullest information as to the working of
the patents will be supplied on application to the Liquidators, and the
plant, &c., may be viewed at the works any day, except naturday, be¬
tween the hours of 11 and 3. All tenders and applications must be
aduressed and sent to the Liquidators, at the works, 54, Darwin-street,
Old Kent-road, on or before Wednesday, the 2d day of February, 1870.
C. W. SMITH.
Liquidators.
HENRY KANDRICK,
RIGOLLOT'S MUSTARD LEAVES.—Caution.—
An orner of the High Court of Chancery, bearing date the 11th
day of January, 1870, has been made in the cause of "Rigollot and
otners v. May," whereby an injuuction is awarded to restram the de¬
fendant, his manufacturers, traveller, workpeople, and servants, from
making, manufacturing, selling, or disposing of "Rueff's Mustard
Plaisters"and all plaisters and articles made similar to, or in imita¬
tion ot, the invention for which the plaintiff Rigollot and others ob¬
tamed letters patent of the 26th day of April, 1867 ; or any plaisters
or articles being a colomable alteration or variation thereof, and
from otherwise making or using the said patented invention or
infringing the same.—Notice is hereby given, that legal proceedings will
be taken against all other persons INFRINGING the said PATENTED
INVENTION by making, selling, or using any mustard plaisters made
in imitation of, or only colouramy differing from, Rigollot's Mustard
Leaves. Dated this 21st day of January, 1870.
FRANCIS TRUEFITT, 4, Essex-court, Middle Temple,
Solicitor for the sa d. Patentee.
ELKINGTON v. JOHNSON: in Chancery.—The
Trade Mark and Name of Messrs. Elkington and Co. having
been pirated, they wish to make it publicly known that the folioning
order of PERPETUAL INJUNCTION has just been granted in the
above case, and at the same time to give notice that legal proceedings
will be instituted against
parties who may mark electro-plated
articles with the name of"
lungton "or with a Crown.
RYLAND and MARTINEAU, Solicitors, Birmingham.
December, 1869.
"Upon motion this day made unto this Court by counsel for the
plaintiffs, and upon hearing counsel for the defendant, and upon read¬
ing affidavits, &c., this Court doth, by consent, order that a perpetual
injunction be awarded to restrain the defendant, Altred Johnson,
from stamping, cutting, engraving, or marking, or cansing or
procuring to be stamped, cut, engraved, or marked upon any electro¬
plated goods or articles, the word or name Elkington," or the device
or impression of a Crown, or any words, letters, signs, devices, or im¬
pressions, word, letter, sign, device, or impression, which may be cal¬
culated to represent or lead to the belief that such goods or articles
are of the manufacture of the plaindiffs; and also from selling, ex¬
porting, consigning, or otherwise disposing of or parting with, and
from offering for sale any electro-plated goods or articles stamped, cut.
engraved, or marked with the word "Elkington, or with the device or
impression of a Crown, or with any such words, letters, signs, devices,
or impressions, word, letter, sign, device, or impression as aforesaid,
other than and except goods or arricies manufactured or supplied by
the plaintiffs. And it is ordered that the defendant, Alfred Johnson,
do pay to the plaintiffs their costs of this suit, such costs to be taxed
by the Taxing Master.
ANNUAL NOTICE.—PARKINS and GOTTO
request that any person having an ACCOUNT againt them, up
to the 1st of the present month, unpaid, will deliver the same, and
apply for payment immediately.—24 and 25, Oxford-street, London, W.
CAUTION.—BETTS'S CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of capsules made in contravention
of his rights, which necessarily are numerous, Betts being the original
inventor and sole maker in the United Kingdom.—1. Wharf-road,
City-road, London; and Bordeaux, France.—April 8, 1869.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHER'S QUEEN'S READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPE LAMPS, as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family.—The public are CAUTIONED against
inferior imitations, M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-street, being
the sole inventor and manufacturer of these celebrated lamps. Draw¬
ings and prices post free. No agents.
CAUTION.—PETTIT and Co., 459, 460, 461, New
Oxford-street, are the INVENTORS and PATENTEES of the
AMIANTH GAS FIRE. No smoky ceilings with their patent Mica
Covers, boiling and kettle stands, hot plates, stoves for cooking and
heating fitted with their patent air and gas burners, boilers for baths,
conservatories, engines, hot water work, gas fittings, electrical bells.

CAUTION. —The Pail-mall Jewel Case. — Messrs.
HOWELL, JAMES, and Co. beg respectfully to caution the
public that they are the sole patentees and manufacturers of the newly¬
invented PALL-MALL JEWEL CASE, the chief characteristics of
which will recommend themselves as a ready deposit and safeguard to
valuable property. In the construction of the case the greatest sim¬
plicity and portability have been observed, coupled with the utmost
secrecy and consequent security to the contents. It is made either
fire-proof or not; and, in discarding the hitherto shapened receptacles
for the several articles, the case is adapted to fit any jewel without the
fear of the slightest injury. —Howell, James, and Co., 5, Regent-street,
CAUTION.—FARROW and JACKSON, the origi¬
nal manufacturers of IRON WINE BINS with "separate rest

second registration, No. 4,695, claim as the purpose of utility of their
design that "any bottle may be removed from the rack without dis¬
turbing the others." Success having, as usual, produced imitations,
purchasers are requested to notice that each bin bears a label, "Far¬
row and Jackson, London and Paris." The bins may be had of all
ironmongers, or of the manufacturers, 18, Great Tower-street, 8, Hay¬
market, or 58, Mansell-Street, London, and 23, rue du Pont Neuf,
Paris. N.B. Illustrated priced catalogues on application.
CAUTION.—LLOYD'S EUXESIS, for Shaving
without Soap or Water.—The public are hereby informed that in
pursuance of a decretal order of the Court of Chancery, made in a
suit for the administration of the estate of the late Andrew Solomon
Lloyd, we have purchased of the executrix the business carried on by
the lare A. S. Lioyd as a perfumer, together with the exclusive right
to and interest in the article known as "Lloyd's Euxesis." We there¬
fore caution the public that the genuine Lloyd's Euxesis bears only
the original signature and address, namely, "A. S. Lioyd, No. 27, Glass¬
house-street," where it can be obtained as formerly.
R. HOVENDEN and SONS, 27, Glasshouse-street, Regent¬
street, London, W.
