.S..Not by him; but in such
manner.—25, 10. 67—Pollaky.
S.—The LETTER you left breaks my heart. One
word spoken would have changed all. Have mercy, and come
back to us. Nothing can ever alter the love which has entirely re¬
turned, and which implores you to forgive as you are forgiven.—H.
LE 20.—On the 2d, 16th, 23d, you gave two people
hours of fruitless toll; therefore at 6 p.m., 23d, the honour was
declined. You are very kind, but pray do not inconvenience yourself
my account.
IF M. M. will RETURN to Harrogate he will be
heartily welcomed, and will relieve his family from great trouble
and anxiety.—G. M.
IF JAMES RICHARD BURTON, law stationer or
law writer, formerly resident in Clerke
a London, applies to
Mr. R. Bradley, accountant, Reading, he will HEAR of SOMETHING
to his ADVANTAGE.
IF this should MEET the EYE of Dr. ROBERT
RICHARD SMITH, Professor of Elocution, LL.D., he will, by
addressing a few lines to Frederick York Smith, Penang-villa, Kings¬
wear Dartmouth, Devonshire, HEAR of SOMETHING to his AD¬
VANTAGE.
MARGARET LOW, daughter of William and Mar¬
garet May, of Fermanagh, many years resident in Glasgow,
SEND your ADDRESS to E. J., care of Mr. Hann, stationer,
No. 268, Gray's-inn-road, London, you will hear of your sister Sargh in

SHOULD this MEET the EYE of the Rev.
WILLIAM TOMS, who held his first curacy in the parish of Gox¬
hill, Lincolnshire, and who in the year 1850 emigrated to Australia,
whence he returned (1857-58) to a curacy at Andover, Hants, pro¬
ceeding afterwards to Long Weedon, Northamptonshire, and was last
seen at Hemyock (Wellington), he is earnestly requested to COMMU¬
NICATE at once with the undersigned, where gladdening news from
a true friend and relative is awaiting him.—Mr. Pollaky, Private
Inquiry Office, 13, Paddington-green, London, W.
CAUTION to BILLBROKERS, Bankers, and
others.—The owners of BILLS referred to in an advertisement
of yesterday for £49, 103 5s. 2d., have RECOVERED them.—Oct. 26th,
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, a
CRYSTAL SOLITAIRE, with "Victoire" engraved on monogram.
Apply to Harvey and Gore, jeweller, 126, Regent-street.
THREE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, a RE¬
TRIEVER BITCH, liver coloured, curly hair, about eight months
old; answers to the name of "Molly." Strayed from 11, St. James's¬
terrace, North-gate, Regent's-park, between 4 and 5 p.m. on Saturday,
19th inst. Whoever will bring her to her owner, at that address, shall
receive the above reward.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c.—A
REGISTER, containing the names of all persons who have been
ivertised for to claim property since 1749, 2s.; post free 25 stamps.—
DOUGAL and Co., 58, Cheapside, E.C.
ORAINAGE REFORM.—ST. LEONARD's-ON¬
SEA (WEST).—The new system of drainage perfected for St.
Leonard's proper by Mr. Bazalgette, C.E., has been in working order
since July. The sea and beach are now free from impurities.
THE BOMBAY MODY INSURANCE COM¬
PANY of 1863-1865, being now under final settlement, we, the
undersigned, as agents for the above Company, hereby give notice
that all parties having CLAIMS on the above Company under policies
issued during the abovementioned period, upon voyages to ports of the
United Kingdom, must lodge a statement of the same with us within
15 days from the date hereof, as such claims will not thenceforth be
entertained.P. pro Mody and Co.
D. D. CURRANEE.
No. 82, Gresham-house, London, E.C., 24th October, 1867.
THE COUNTY of MIDDLESEX.—Re-opening of
Southall-market.—Notice is hereby given, that a LICENSE, of
which the following is a copy, has been issued by the Lords of Her
Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, for the RE-OPENING of
SOUTHALL-MARKET, viz.:—
At the Council-chamber, Whitehall the 15th day of October, 1867,
by the Lords of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council. The
Lords of Her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, by virtue and
in evercise of the powers in them vested under the Contagious
Diseases (Animals) Act, and of every other power enabling them in
this behalf, and under and in pursuance of the Consolidated Cattle
Plague Order of August, 1867, do hereby license the holding of a
market for cattle at Southall, in the parish of Norwood, in the county
of Middlesex, on Wednesday, in every week, subject and according to
the conditions, provisions, and regu-lations applicable thereto, under
the said acts and order, and the following conditions, provisions, and
regulations:—1. Mr. Leggatt, of Hanwell shall be appointed pass¬
master for the market; 2. This licence is revocable by the PPrivy
Council whenever they think fit, and it shall absolutely cease to
operate if any case of cattle plague occurs at any time after the date
hereof within 10 miles of the place licensed for the hoiding of the
market.
"ARTHUR HELPS.
By order of the Local Authority
RICHARD NICHOLSON, Clerk to the Peace.


THE COUNTY of MIDDLESEX.—Re-opening of
Uxbridge Market.—Notice is hereby given, that a LICENSE, of
which the following is copy, has been issued by the Lords of Her
Majesty's Most Hon a Privy Council for the RE-OPENING of
UXBRIDGE MARKET, viz:—
At the Council Chamber, Whitehall, the 15th day of October, 1867.
—By the Lords of Her Majesty's Most Hon. Privy Council.—The Lords
of Her Majesty's Most Hon. Privy Council, by virtue and in exercise
of the powers in them vested under the Contagious Diseases (Animals)
Acts, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, and under
and in pursuance of the Consolidated Cattle Plague Order of August,
1867, do hereby license the holding of a market for cattle at the town
of Uxbridge, in the county of Middlesex, on Thursday in every week,
subject and according to the conditions, provisions, and regulations
applicable thereto under the said Acts and Order, and to the fol low¬
ing conditions, provisions, and regulations:—1. Michael Henry Han¬
cock, of Uxbridge, veterinary surgeon, shall be appointed pass-master
for the market. 2. This license is revocable by the Privy Council
whenever they think fit, and it shall absolutely cease to operate if any
case of cattle plague oceurs at any time after the date hereof within 10
miles of the place licensed for the holding of the market.
W ATHUR HELPS."
By order of the Local Authority,
RICHARD NICHOLSON, Clerk of the Peace.
ons-house, Clerkenwell, Oct. 23, 1867.
THE COUNTY of MIDDLESEX.—Re-opening
of Barnet Market.—Notice is hereby given, that a LICENSE,
of which the following is a copy, has been issued by the Lords of Her
Majesty.
Most Hon. Privy Council, for the RE-OPENING of
BARNET MARKET, viz.:—
At the Council Chamber, Whitehall, the 15th day of October, 1867.
—By the Lords of Mer Majesty's Most Hon. Privy Council.—The Lords
of Her Majesty's Most Hon. Privy Council, by virtue and in exercise
of the powers in them vested under the Comagious Diseases (Animals)
Acts, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, and
under and in pursuance of the Consolidated Cattle Plague Order of
August, 1867, do hereby License the holding of a Market for Cattle
at Barnet, in the parish of South Mims, in the county of Middle¬
sex, on Wednesday in every week, subject and according to the condi¬
tions, provisions, and regulations applicable thereto under the said
Acts and Order, and to the following conditions, provisions, and regu¬
lations:—1. Charles S. Hirst, of Barnet, shall be appointed pass¬
master for the market. 2. This License is revocable by the Privy
Council whenever they think fit, and it shall absolutely cease to ope¬
rate if any case of cattle plague occurs at any time after the date
hereof within 10 miles of the place licensed for the holding of the
market.
W rTHUR HELPS."
By order of the Local Authority.
RICHARD NICHOLSON, Clerk of the Peace.
Sessions-house, Clerkenwell, Oct. 23, 186
AND REGISTRY.—No. 390.—No. 1, Warwick¬
court, Holborn, Middlesex.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th and
26th Victoria, chap.53.—Notice is hereby given, that on the application
of JOHN MATTHEWS DREW of No. 38, High Holborn, in the
county of Middlesex, stationer, the Registrar intends, at the expira¬
tion of three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER
with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS called or known
as No. 1, Warwick-court, Holborn, in the parish of St. Andrew, Hol¬
born, in the county of Middlesex, formerly in the successive occupa¬
tions of David Williams, John Walker, Thomas Walker, and William
Matthews, and now in hand, adjoining the White Hart Tavern, and de¬
lineated on the Map No. 390, deposited in the Office of Land Registry as
part of the description of the same hereditaments, and thereon
edged with red, together with the mines and minerals under the same
(except under the part thereof marked C on the said map,
which comprises only upper rooms), and also together with
the exclusive use of the vaults marked A and B on the said
map and delineated thereon by a broken red line. If any
person objects to, or desire to show cause against, such registra¬
tion, or claims that the same should be subject to any conditions or re¬
servations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or
liability, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be
entered on the register such person may be heard at the Office of Land
Registry, No.34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of
the said three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affi¬
davit or otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against,
or to make such claim in respect of, such registration. But any person de¬
siring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing,
stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto,
in the said office before the expiration of the said three months, other¬
wise he will be excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map
may be inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration
of the said three months. —Dated this 28th day of October 1867.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
DEANE and CHUBB, Solicitors to the Applicant.
CAUTION.—NOENGLISH KREOSOTE is genuine
unless with "Morson's name and trade mark on labels. Hydro¬
carbon of foreign origin is being offered as English Kreosote, and we,
the sole English manufacturers, will not guarantee any unless bearing
our name and trade mark.
MORSON and SON.
Nos. 31, 33, and 124, Southampton-row, Russell-square, London, W.C.
CAUTION.—NICHOLAY and SON, the Court
furriers, 82, Oxford-street, of nearly a century standing, announce
they have NO BRANCH or other ESTABLISHMENT, as advertise¬
ments are appearing unscrupulously assuming their well-known style,
designation, and trade mark of Court furriers, as authorized by Her
Majesty's Royal warrant granted to them.
CAUTION.—The LORD STANLEY is a made-up
SCARF for gentlemen, manufactured and sold, wholesale only,
by LLOYD and ATTREE, of 32 and 33, Wood-street, London, and
each scart bears their Trade Mark, an Octagon, with "Nogatco" in
centre. The public is cautioned against infringement, as the full
penalties will in all cases be enforced.
FRADE MARK.—The public is CAUTIONED
against imitations of our Octagon Trade Mark, with "Nogatco"
in centre, which is our exclusive property in the manufacture and sale
of scarfs, ties, shirts, and collars. The full penalties of "The Mer¬
chandise Marks Act, 1862," will be enforced in case of piracy
LLOYD and ATTREE, 32 and 33, Wood-street, London.
CAUTION.—The LORD STANLEY is a LINEN
COLLAR for gentlemen, manufactured and sold, wholesale only,
by LLOYD and ATTREE, of 32 and 33, Wood-Street, London, and
each collar bears their Trade Mark, an Octagon, with "Nogated" in
centre. The public is cautioned against infringement, as the full penal¬
ties will in all cases be enforced.
CAUTION.—The NEW PATENT CRYSTAL
SHOW TABLETS are protected by Royal Letters Patent, bearing
date 1863. As owners of the patent, and sole manufacturers, we hereby
give notice that we shall adopt legal measures against any persons
making, vending, or using "Patent Crystal Show, Tablets" in contra¬
vention of our exclusive rights.
J. M. JOHNSON and SONS, Patentees.
Castle-street, Holborn, and Hatton-garden, Oct. 25, 186
CAUTION.—J. W. BENSON, watch and clock
manufacturer by special appointment to H.R.H. the Prince of
Wales, begs to CAUTION the public against purchasing watches or
clocks bearing his name, and said to be of his make, except at his only
places of business, 58 and 60, Ludgate-hill, 25, Old Bond-street, 99, West¬
bourne-grove, and 164, Tottenham-court-road. J. W. Benson will
also be glad of any information concerning any persons so offering
such spurious goods for sale, in order that legal proceedings may be at
once instituted against them.
CAUTION. —Self-fitting Candies.—We, the under¬
signed, do hereby give notice, that we have, by letters patent,
secured to ourselves the exclusive right of making candles with taper¬
ing ends, commonly called SELF-FITTINS CANDLES, now to be
obtained of every chymist grocer, or chandier, in all sizes, and of
various qualities. The public are cautioned against imitations, and
persons infringing such patents, or being parties privy thereto, are
hereby informed that they render themselves liable to proceedings.
J. C. and J. FIELD, Upper-marsh, Lambeth, London.
ROMFORD BREWERY, October 7, 1867.—IND,
COOPE, and Co. have much pleasure in informing the public
that they are now able to take off the addition which they were com¬
pelled to make to the prices of their ales last October.
NOTICE.—Holborn Valley improvements.—Messrs.
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA, Opticians and Meteorological In¬
strument Makers, beg to state that they have REMOVED from No.1, to
temporary premises) No. 103, Hatton-garden, E.C.
NOTICE—PELLATT and Co., glass manufacturers
to the Queen, have REMOVED their BUSINESS and DEPOT
for MINTON's CHINA from the Baker-street Bazaar to new premises
opposite, at 25, Baker-street.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, 2, Southampton¬
buildings, Holborn.—Mr. BENTLEY (late Sheriff's officer), having
had 20 years' experience, undertakes inquiries of all kinds requiring
ty and despatch, especially for the Divorce Court.
WINTER ABROAD.—A party about to visit
Egypt (Palestine perhaps), and all places of interest on the
Mediterranean, in their own yacht, are desirous (there being at present
but one lady going) of being JOINED by a LADY, of sufficient
means to defray her share of expense, who will make an agreeable ad¬
dition to the nomber. Address C. C., post -office, Dartford.
AMATEUR THEATRICALS and FANCY COS¬
TUME BALLS.—Every requisite for the above furnished in
superior style at Messrs. SIMMONS and SONS', the eminent cos¬
tumiers, 4, Tavistock-street, Covent-garden. Their elegant Portable
Theatres, to fit any drawing room or public hall, on hire,
THE NEW BABY REST (secured by Royal Letters
Patent). Invaluable in the nursery. Price 36s. Sold at all the
ding toy and fancy repositories throughout the kingdom; whole¬
sale, JAQUES and SON, 162, Hatton-garqon.
