50.—COME to Bedford at once. Sad news from
D.
nome.
PANTHEON.—Two months have elapsed since
I heard from you. Let me know where a meeting can take place
soon, and that you have seen this. I advertised last month.
MR. WILLIAM PETCHEL, formerly of Heckin,
ton, Lincolushire, who when last heard of was in the Frontier
Auxiliary Mounted Police at Graham's Town, Port Elizabeth, South
Africa, is requested to COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Moore and
Peake, Sleaford, Lincolnshire, solicitors for the executors of his late
father. In case of the death of the said William Petchel, any person
furnishing satisfactory evidence of his death will be rewarded.
LOST (left in a cab, which took up a lady and gentle¬
man from Newington-place, on the evening of the 10th inst.), a
large SHAWL. Any one bringing it to 40, Newington-place, Kenning¬
ton-park, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, at Willis's Rooms, on Monday evening, a
SNAKE CHAIN GOLD BRACELET, with locket set with
rubies and diamonds, attached. Whoever brings the same to Channon's,
post-office, Brompton-row, shall receive FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, on Thursday, the 12th inst., a large
CRYSTAL LOCKET, in the shape of a heart, set in black
enamel. The loser went in a cab from Victoria-grove, Kensington, to
the Victoria Station, and from thence by rail to the Crystal Palace,
spent the afternoon there, and returned by London-bridge. THIRTY
SHILLINGS REWARD will be paid on its being taken to Westerton's
library, Knightsbridge.
EFT in a CAB, hired at the Paddington Station,
setting down at Lansdowne-crescent, St. John's Church, Bays¬
water, on the 16th inst., a small LEATHER BAG, containing keys and
other articles, of no value but to the owner. If delivered at Messrs.
Tritton's, 7. Norris-street, Haymarket, a liberal REWARD will be paid
FIFTEEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—To Cabmen¬
—LOST, a BROWN SOFT-WOOL SHAWL—left in a cab,
which took two gentlemen and a lady from Vauxhall Railway Station
to 2, Morpeth-terrace, Victoria-street, at 8 p.m., Sunday last.
NEWFOUNDLAND DOG LOST, on the 16th
inst, nearly all white, had his name and address on collar—
Jack, Frant Villa, St. Alban's-road, Highgate-rise." Any one bring¬
ing him there shall receive ONE POUND REWARD
CAMEO BROOCH. —LOST, in or near to St. Peter's
Church, Eaton-square, on the morning of Sunday, the 15th of
February, a CAMEO BROOCH. Any person bringing the same to
No. 20, Eaton-square, shall be liberally REWARDED.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Friday,
Feb. 13, a BLACK and WHITE NEWFOUNDLAND DOG, hav¬
ing on a collar with name and address, T. Sparrow, Sydenham-park.
Last seen at Peckham on Saturday. No further reward will be offered,
and any person found detaining the dog after this notice will be pro¬
secuted.
CAUTION to BANKERS, Bill Discounters, and
others.—LOST, in transit through the Post-office, a BILL OF
EXCHANGE for £72 5s. 6d., drawn on Messrs. Adams and Cocking,
No. 40 and 41, Upper Thames-street, by Thos. Brooks, Phillips, and
Co., of 6 and 7, Paddington-green, and payable at the London and
Westminster Bank, Lothbury, on June 4, 1863. Payment has been
stopped, and any person holding possession after this notice will be
liable to be prosecuted.
MR. HENRY PALMER, late of No. 23, Grove¬
street, Camden-town, is requested to COMMUNICATE im¬
mediately with Messrs. Dawson and Bryan, solicitors 33, Bedford-¬
square, London, as to the claim against the estate of the late Martin

NEXT of KIN.—Henry A. Archibald. —The NEXT
of KIN of the late HENRY A. ARCHIBALD, who died
abroad in 1862, are requested to apply to Mr. Greenwood, Treasury,
Whitehall, London.—17th February, 1863.
NEXT of KIN.—Hugh Douglas.—The NEXT of
KIN of the late HUGH DOUGLAS, who died abroad in 1862,
are requested to apply to Mr. Greenwood, Treasury, Whitehall, London.
—17th February, 1863.
NEXT of KIN. —David Marthews.—The NEXT of
KIN of the late DAVID MATTHEWS, who died abroad
in 1862, are requested to apply to Mr. Greenwood, Treasury, Whitehall,
London.—17th February, 1863.
NEXT of KIN.—William Sibestone.—The NEXT
of KIN of the late WILLIAM SIBESTONE, who died abroad
in 1862, are requested to apply to Mr. Greenwood, Treasury, Whitehall,
London.—17th February, 1863.
NEXT of KIN.—Robert Glasgow.—The NEXT of
KIN of the late ROBERT GLASGOW, who died abroad
in 1862, are requested to apply to Mr. Greenwood, Treasury, Whitehall,
London.—17th February, 1863.
NEXT of KIN. — Martin.—The NEXT of KIN
of the late — MARTIN, who died abroad in 1862, are requested
to apply to Mr. Greenwood, Treasury, Whitehall, London.—17th
February 1863.
NEXT of KIN.—Charles Saunders.—The NEXT of
KIN of the late CHARLES SAUNDERS, who died abroad
aeeeeres
to apply to Mr. Greenwood, Treasury, Whitehall,

THE NEAREST of KIN to MICHAEL WARREN,
late of the county of Cork, Ircland, employed at the time of
death by Messrs. Jno. Penn and Sons, engineers Greenwich, will
HEAR of SOMETHING to their ADVANTAGE by applying to
H. Zurhorst, at the aforesaid firm.
BURIAL CERTIFICATE WANTED.—To Parish
Clerks and others.—FIVE POUNDS REWARD will be given
for the BURIAL CERTIFICATE of the Rev. FELIPE FERNAN.
DEZ, a Roman Catholic Priest, who came to England from Jerez, in
Spain, in 1791, and is supposed to have died ir London subsequent to
the year 1811. Apply to Price, Bolton, and Filder, 1, New-square,
Lincoln's-inn.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £180 11s. 1d. Consolidated 3 per Cent
Anuuities, heretofore standing in the name of Rev. ARTHUR
SOMERY MALE, of St. Peter's College, Cambridge, and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends
thereon not having been received since the 5th January, 1853;—Notice
is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to
the said Arthur Somery Male, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sumjof £37 4s. 7d. Consolidated
Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
HENRY BICKNELL, of Grocers'-hall, Es

LODDIE, and ROBERT WHEATLEY LUMLEY, both of Carey-
street, Middlesex, Esqs., and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners in conesquence of the dividends thereon not having been
received since the 5th January, 1844; Notice is hereby given that, on
the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will be
Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to Henry Bicknell, the
survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
INHer MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE. —To the
NEXT of KIN (if any) of JAMES SMITH, late of Bilston, in the county
of Stafford, dealer in hardware, deceased, and all other persons who may
have an interest in the effects of the said deceased.—Notice is hereby
given to you, that a CITATION has issued under seal of Her Maiesty's
Court of Probate, dated 14th February, 1863, at the instance of Henry
Revell Reynolds, Esq., the solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's
Treasury, citing you to enteran appearance in the Principal Registry
of the said Court, within elgut days after the service of such citation,
and accept or refuse letters of administration of the effects of the said
deceased, who died intestate on the 16th day of June, 1862, or show
cause why the same should not be granted to the said Henry Revell
Reynolds, the solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, and
his successors in that office, for Her Majesty's use, with an intimation
that, in default of appearance to the said citation, the said letters of
administration will be granted to the said Henry Revell Reynolds, and
his successors in office, for Her Majesty's use.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
F. H. DYKE, Esq., Her Majesty's Proctor, Doctors'-
commons, 14th February, 1863.
NEATH of ST. JOSEPH.—The attention, of the
Prussian Government has been called to an advertisement which
has recently fappeared in The Times and Morning Post newspapers,
and also to placards posted over London, purporting to be copies of a
telegraphic despatch, sent by a person of the name of R. Tidman, of
No. 117, Jermyn-street, St. James's, to His Majesty the King of
Prussia, in reference to a picture entitled "The Death of St. Joseph,"
and stated in such despatch to have been painted by Raphael,
As the form of such advertisement and placard, although in fact
only giving the language of the telegraphic despatch, might induce
persons to believe that His Majesty the King of Prussia had actually
made, as stated in such despatch the first offer for this picture, at the
price of 1,000,000 francs, and as the Prussian Government is ignorant
of what the intentions may be of the person making such despatch
public, it has been thought right to give an explicit denial to the fact
stated in the telegraphic despatch—viz, that an offer had actually
been made by His Majesty the King of Prussia.
Neither His Majesty the King of Prussia nor the Prussian Govern¬
ment have ever made, or had any intention of making, an offer for
the picture in question.
Royal Prussian Consulate General, 105, Fenchurch-Street, E.C.
NOTICE.—The Habana Cigar Company CAUTION
all persons from assuming or using the name of the Habana
Cigar Company, or any colourable imitation thereof, as proceedings
will be taken by injunction in Chancery; and they respectfully inform
the public that their only establishments are at 48, Pall-mall, and
No. 104, Cheapside.
LOUIS SILBERBERG, Manager.
NILINE DYES.—Messrs. SIMPSON, MAULE,
and NICHOLSON having ascertained that quantities of Blue
and Violet Aniline Dyes, made according to Girard's Patent, are being
imported from abroad, in frand of their rights they hereby give
notice, that they are determined to PROSECUTE all persons selling
or using such dves, and are employing efficient means to detect such
offenders.—9, Fenchurch-Street, London, January 12, 1863.
CAUTION.—Mr. ALFRED JONES, 64, Grosvenor¬
street, surgeon-dentist to their late R.H. Princess Augusta and
Duchess of Glocester, &c., CAUTIONS the public against a person
advertising in several provincial papers as "Mr. E.L. Jones, nephew
of the late Mr. Alfred Jones," and falsely representing the decease of
the latter; such person being wholly unknown to Mr. Alfred Jones,
who is entirely unconnected with any person in the profession.
MAGENTA or ROSEINE DYE.—The undersigned
having reason to believe that several persons are infringing their
rights by the manufacture of Magenta Dye, made not only according
to Medlock's Patent, but also according to other patents of which they
are the proprietors, notice is hereby given, that all persons manufac¬
turing, selling, or using such dyes will be PROSECUTED to the utmost
rigour of the law.—SIMPSON, MAULE, and NICHOLSON, 9, Fen¬
church-street, London.
NOTICE is hereby given, that on or after the 23d
day of March next, the 12 Governors of the Hereditaments and
Goods of the Church of Crediton, in the county of Devon, will ELECT
a CHAPLAIN in aid of the Vicar of Crediton in the room of the Rev.
James Deans, resigned. —Dated this 3d day of February, 1863.
F. E. SMITH, Clerk to the said Governors.
MINTON's CHINA.—Messrs. GOODE and Co.,
having found that a circular has been issued by a west-end firm
in their trade, falsely purporting to emanate from Messrs. Minton and
Co., feel that it is due to themselves to publish the following letter, re¬
ceived from Messrs. Minton and C..:—
Stoke-upon-Trent, Feh. 10th, 1863.
Gentlemen, We beg to inform you that the printed notice to the
nobility, &c., assuming to be an address from us, was printed and cir¬
culated entirely without our knowledge or consent.
We are, Gentlemen, yours respectfully.
Messrs. Thomas Goode and Co., London.
MINTON and Co.
LAMBETH-BRIDGE iS OPEN for all traffic, from
foot passengers to heavily-laden waggons. Lambeth-bridge gives
the most direct route from Belgravia, Chelsea, Pimlico, Victoria station,
and the south-western districts, to the city (by Blackfriars or London
bridge), the Waterloo and London-bridge stations, Southwark, and all
the eastern and Kent districts.
FIRST MIDDLESEX LIGHT HORSE VOLUN¬

TEERS.—Richmond, Twickenham, Kingston, Teddington,
Hounslow, Brentford, Kew, Ham, Hampton Court, Sunbury, and
Mortlake.—A SQUADRON is about to be FORMED for the special
convenience of the gentry of the above localities, with facilities for
drill in their own immediate neighbourhoods. Full particulars may be
obtained from Sergeant-Major Hickman, 111, Regent-street, London.
PORTING and other DOGS.—ANNUAL EXHI¬
BITION (£1,000 Prizes); to be held at Ashburnham-hall, Chelsea,
March 23, and five following days. Persons desirous of sending their
dogs can be furnished with prospectuses.
Terms:—Subscribers of two guineas are entitled to 12 tickets of
admission; for one guinea subscription, six tickets of admission; and
2s. 6d. for each dog entered; non-subscribers—5s. for each dog. Par¬
ties sending their dogs for sale, and not for competition, a warranty of
their merits must be inserted in the form of entry for the catalogues.
Subscriptions can be sent in postage stamps or post-office order, pay¬
able to E. T. Smith, Charing-cross office.
Special Notice.—Mr. Thomas, the well-known silversmith, of 153,
New Bond-street, will supply the whole of the chased silver cups, which
will shortly be on view there. The Grand Hall will be enlarged: an
elegant marquee erected for ladies and subscribers; a paddock of six
acres for the exercise and trial of the dogs, adjoining the building.
The toy pets will have a separate warm building. The last day of entry
March 2. Cremorne Gardens, of 16 acres, adjoining the Hall, will be
open, free, for promenade, and a military band in attendance, day and
evening. Address direct to E.T. SMITH, Ashburnham-hall, King's¬
road, Chelsea; or to Charles Nugent, offices, 18, Pall-mall east.
RE-DISCOVERY.—The long lost use of the TWO
MATHEMATICAL KEYS, engraved in miniature, on royal
arch masonic jewels, has been rediscovered. Inscription on one jewel,
"Nil nisi clavis deest;" on the other, "Si talia gungere possis sit tibl
scire satis." Vide Isaiah xxil., 22, and Rev. ii1., 7. Address, pre-paid,
H. M., at Mr. Reed's, stationer, 5, Great Portland-street.
