PANTHEON, October 20.—The advertisement in
The Times of Saturday was not from me, and could not be from
you. The one in The Times of Thursday was from me.
LOST, KEYS of a small SAFE (Chubb's). The ad¬
vertiser is prepared to pay handsomely for their recovery.—A. Z.,
No. 15, Sussex-street, W.C.
LOST, a DARK IRON-GRAY TERRIER, with
white breast and very long hair. ONE POUND REWARD.—

LOST, between the Great Western Hotel and Par¬
liament-street, on Friday last, between 1 and 2 p.m., a BAG,
containing papers. TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD will be given
if delivered immediately at 20, Parliament-street.
LOST, on Thursday, the 19th inst., in Paternoster¬
row or Cheapside, a RUSSIA LEATHER POCKET-BOOK,
with india-rubber band, containing some postage stamps, Victoria¬
park Hospital tickets, and sundry papers, of no use to any but the
owner. The finder of same will be paid TEN SHILLINGS REWARD
at Mr. Vickers', Cowper's-court, Cornhill, on the contents being found
correct.
LOST, on Friday afternoon, about 4 o'clock, a
BRILLIANT and EMERALD SNAP, in the form of a full¬
blown single rose, with a square emerald in the centre rather larger
than a half-crown. It is set transparent, and there are two small dia¬
monds wanting, and there is no spring in the suaps. Whoever will
bring it to Messrs. Widdowson and Veale, 73, Strand, shall receive
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 15th
inst., in the neighbourhood of Maida-vale, a small BLACK and
TAN TERRIER, with leather and plated collar. The above reward
will be paid on the dog being brought to Ivy Lodge, Maida-vale.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Wednesday
afternoon, the 18th inst., in the Edgware-road, a BLACK RE¬
TRIEVER, with the fore paws tipped white, and white tail. Whoever
will bring the same to 16, Halsey-street, Sioane-street, shall receive the
above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a BLACK
POMERANIAN DOG, the size of a fox, in Kensington-gardens,
on Friday, the 20th int. Whoever has found the same and will bring
it to 56, Inverness-terrace, Bayswater, shall receive the above reward.
No further reward ait pe offered.
THREE THOUSAND DOLLARS REWARD.—
STOLEN, frot, the iron safe of the Brooklyn White Lead Com¬
ny, 54, Fulton-street, N.Y., the following named BONDS and SE¬
CURITIES:—
Twenty Bonds of the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company
Seven per Cent. Mortgage Bonds (secured by land), each 91,000, Nos.
1642 to 1661 inclusive, with their coupon bonds. All dated April 1st,
1856.
Also the following Bonds of the Chicago and North-Western Rail¬
way Company, viz:—
Sixteen (16) Sinking Fund Bonds (some registered), numbered as fol¬
lows: Nos. 809, 810, 828, 1,160, 1,168, 1,170, 1,171, 1,691, each £1,000;
No. 609, £500; Nos. 367, 476, 480, 255, each £200; Nos. 148, 151, 47,
eack £100.
Als Eight (8) Funded Interest Coupon Bonds—Nos. 1.366 1,367,
each £1,000; Nos. 756, 757, each £500; Nos. 465, 466, each £200; Nos.

Also Twenty-six (26) First Mortgage Bonds—Nos. 3,272, 4,269, 4,270,
4,271, 4,272, 4,273, 4,274, 4,275, 4,276. 4,277, 4,278, 4,281, 4,282, 4,283,
4,284, 4,285, 4,285, 4,287, 4.738, 4.740, 5,316, 5,842, each £1,000; No.
2,265, 8500; Nos. 1,778, 1,779. 1,874, each £100.
Also Three (3) Second Mortgage Bonds—Nos. 1,385, 1,820, 1,821,
—
Also (1) United States Six per Cent. Bond, payable in 1867, num¬

Also Bond No. 196, 51,000, First Mortgage, New Albany and Salem
Railroad Company with Ten per Cent. Interest Coupons.
Also Bond and Mortgage of Orloff M. Dorman, late of Chicago, to
M. S. Gould $6,000.
Also other Securities and about 8500 in Treasury demand notes,
bank bills, and gold.
The above reward will be paid for the recovery of the Bonds.
The public are cautioned against purchasing or negotiating the
same.
FISHER HOWE, Treasurer New York.
For further information apply to Osgood Field, 147, Fenchurch-¬

FOUND, at the Portland Rooms, on Friday night,
February 13, a FIVE POUND NOTE. Any person having lost
the same can receive it on application, by giving a description of it and
paying expenses of advertising.
FOUND, in the neighbourhood of Portman-square,
a FIVE-POUND NOTE. The owner can have the same by
giving the description and number, and paying expenses. Apply to
T. M., 1, Portman-mews south, Portman-square.
FOUND, on the 26th of January, 1863, a BLACK
NEWFOUNDLAND RETRIEVER DOG, white snot on breast,
brass collar without name. If not claimed within seven days from this
date will be SOLD to defray expenses. Apply at the Abbey Tavern,
Abbey-place, St. John's-wood, N. W.
FREDERICK CHAPLIN, late in the employ of
Mr. Wigdahl, of Lower Thames-street.—If he will apply to
Chinnery, Johnson, and Co., of 67, Lower Thames-street, he will
HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE.
CATER.—TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—
CHARLES CATER, ABRAHAM CATER, and THOMAS
CATER.—Whereas the above resided at Walsham-le-Willows, in the
county of Suffolk. Charles Cater was a journeyman miller, and left
England for the United States of America about the 17th January,
1833, and a letter was soon afterwards received from him from Detroit,
in North America; Abraham Cater was also a journeyman miller; and
Thomas Cater was a journeyman butcher, and together left England
for America shortly after the 30th of August, 1833, and on the 3d May,
1839, the said Thomas Cater sent a letter dated New Orleans to his
sister Mary Fisher (since deceased), in which he states his two brothers
were then dead. The above reward will be paid to any person who can
forward any informatien of either or all of the above parties, or furnish
certificates of their deaths on application to Messrs. Farren, French,
and Tatham, 26, Great Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £157 12s. 1d. Consolidated 3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of RICHARD MORGAN,
of Lincoln's-inn, Esq, deceased, and Sir JOHN MARK FREDERICK
SMITH, of Cadogan-place, Knight, and which was transferred to the
said Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends thereon not
having been received since the 5th July, 1845 ;—Notice is hereby given
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Sir John Mark
Frederick Smith, the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
SALE by Mr. W. P. MUSGRAVE, of 5, Bread¬
street, Cheapside, in March. 1826, at 15, Maida-hill, Paddington.
—A CATALOGUE is WANTED, for which a GUINEA will be
GIVEN. Any person who bought an ancient silver cup or salt, with
arms thereon, at the sale, will much oblige by communicating with
Mr. Tapson, St. Germans, Cornwall.
DEATH of ST. JOSEPH.—The attention of the
Prussian Government has been called to an advertisement which
has recently appeared in The Times and Morning Post newspapers,
and also to placards posted over London, purporting to be conies of a
telegraphic despatch, sent by a person of the name of R. Tidman, of
No. 117, Jermyn-street, St. James's, to His Majesty the King of
Prussia, in reference to a picture entitied "The Death of St. Joseph,"
and stated in such despatch to have been painted by Raphael.
As the form of such advertisement and placard, although in fact
only giving the language of the telegraphic despatch, might induce
persons to believe that His Majesty the King of Prussia had actually
made, as stated in such despatch, the first offer for this picture, at the
price of 1,000,000 francs, and as the Prussian Government is ignorant
of what the intentions may be of the person making such despatch
public, it has been thought right to give an explicit denial to the fact
stated in the telegraphic despatch—viz, that on offer had actually
been made by His Majesty the King of Prussia.
Neither His Majesty the King of Prussia nor the Prussian Govern¬
ment have ever made-or had any intention of making an offer for the
ss
Royal Prussian Consulate General, 106, Fenchurch-Street, E.C.
NOTICE.—The Habana Cigar Company CAUTION
all persons from assuming or using the name of the Habana
Cigar Company, or any colourable imitation thereof, as proceedings
will be taken by injunction in Chancery; and they respectfully inform
the public that their only establishments are at 48, Pall-mall, and
No. 104, Cheapside.
LOUIS SILBERBERG, Manager.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—London, Brighton, and
South Coast Railway. Notice is hereby given, that all PRO¬
PERTY LEFT, in any of the carriages or on the premises of the
Company previous to the 1st of January, 1862, will be SOLD by
AUCTION, by Mr. PEAKE, or otherwise disposed of, unless the same
be forthwith claimed and all charges and expenses thereon paid.—
Dated this 17th day of February, 1863.
FREDERICK SLIGHT, Secretary.
INILINE DYES.—Messrs. SIMPSON, MAULE,
and NICHOLSON having ascertained that ouantities of Blue
and Violet Aniline Dyes, made according to Girard's Patent, are being
imported from abroad, in frand of their rights, they hereby give
notice, that they are determined to PROSECUTE all persons selling
or using such dyes, and are employing efficient means to detect such
offenders.—9, Fenchurch-Street, London, January 12, 1863.
MAGENTA or ROSEINE DYE.—The undersigned
having reason to believe that several persons are infringing their
rights by the manufacture of Magenta Dye, made not only according
to Medlock's Patent, but also according to other patents of which thay
are the proprietors, notice is hereby given, that all persons manufac¬
turing, selling, or using such dves will be PROSECUTED to the utmost
rigour of the law.—SIMPSON, MAULE, and NICHOLSON, 9, Fen¬
church-street, London.
MINTON's CHINA.—Messrs. GOODE and Co.,
having found that a circular has been issued by a west-end firm
in their trade, falsely purporting to emanate from Messrs. Minton and
Co., feel that it is due to themselves to publish the following letter, re¬
ceived from Messrs. Minton and Co.:—
Stoke-upon-Trent, Feb. 10th, 1863.
Gentlemen.—We beg to inform you that the printed notice to the
nobility, &c., assuming to be an address from us, was printed and cir¬
culated entirely without our knowledge or consent.
We are, Gentlemen, yours respectfull
Messrs. Thomas Goode and Co., London.	MINTON and Co.
CAUTION.—FRANCESCO DRIOLI's MARA¬
SCHINO.—Whereas it has come to my knowledge that certain
persons in England have for years past been in the habit of buying up
my empty bottles, and have latterly caused them to be made there in
imitation of mine, and have forged my seal and my label in order to
pass off their spurious liqueur as Maraschino of my manufacture, this
is to give notice to all persons so offending that I shall henceforth put in
foree against them the provisions of an Act of Parlament called the
"Merchandize Marks Act of 1862," by indicting them for a misde¬
meanour, and causing them to be punished by fine and imprisonment.
Zara, Feb. 5, 1863.
 F. DRIOLI.
CAUTION.—PETER F. HEERING's CHERRY
CORDIAL or KIRSEBER.—Whereas it has come to my know¬
ledge, that certain persons in England have for years past been in the
habit of buying up my empty bottles, which have my name on the
shoulder, and have forged my brand on the cork, my seal, and my
label, in order to pass off their spurious liqueur as Cherry Cordial or
Kirsebeer of my manufacture. This is to give notice to all persons so
offending, that I shall henceforth put in force against them the provi¬
sions of an Act of Parliament, called the "Merchandize Marks Act
of 1862," by indicting them for a misdemeanour, and causing them to
be punished by fine and imprisonment.
(Signed) PETER F. HEERING, Copenhagen.
CAUTION.—WYNAND FOCKINK's CURACAO
and other LIQUEURS.—Whereas it has come to my knowledge,
that certain persons in England have for years past been in the habit
of buying up my empty bottles, which bear my name on the print, and
have forged my brand on the cork, my seal, and my label, in order to
pass of their spurious liqueurs as Curacao and other liqueurs of my
manufacture. This is to give notice to all persons so offending, that I
shall henceforth put in force against them the provisions of an Act of
Parliament called the "Merchandize Marks Act of 1862," by indicting
them for a misdemeanour, and causing them to be punished by fine
and imprisonment.
WYNAND FOCKINK, Amsterdam.
CLICQUOT's CHAMPAGNE.—Counterfeit Brand.
—Injunction.—It having been recently discovered that certain
persons were offering for sale several parcels of spurious and inferior
wines, in bottles of which the corks are branded with a counterfeit of
the brand of the firm of VEUVE CLICQUOT PONSARDIN, an
INJUNCTION has been granted by His Honour the Master of the
Rolls in the suit of "Ponsardin and others v. Stear and others," re¬
straining the defendant Stear, his servants and agents, from selling or
offering for sale, or in any way dealing with the said wine, and restrain¬
ing the defendants, Messrs. Joseph Barber and Co., of Brewer's-quay,
from parting with any of the said wine which is now in their possession,
and for which they have issued warrants. And a further injunction
has also been granted in the suit of "Ponsardin and others v. Sir
Samuel Morton Peto, Bart., and others," to restrain them from parting
with another parcel of 149 cases of the same wine now lying at the
Victoria London Docks, or any part of such last mentioned wines.
The whole of the wines in question were (with others) imported in
December last in the sailing ship Gazelle, from Dunkirk, in cases
marked VT with B under, entered by Comyn, and the warrants or some
of them in the name of one H. Bernard. All persons are hereby cautioned
against buying or advancing money upon the warrants for any wine
with such counterfeit brand, and any persons to whom the same may
be offered for sale, or as security for advances, are requested to com¬
municate immediately with Mr. Robert Selby, 31, Eastcheap, the plain¬
tiffs sole agent for Great Britain and its dependencies, or with me.
J. WILSON NICHOLSON, Plaintiff's Attorney, 48, Lime-street,
MEMORY.—Hastings Music-hall, Mechanies' In¬
stitution.—ILLUSTRATIVE ENTERTAINMENT with Feats
of Memorv, by Mr. W. STOKES, and local pupils, THIS EVENING,
at 8.30. Memory classes forming at Hastings, Brighton, and Polytech¬
nic, London, W. Explanation of sketch post free.
LAMBETH-BRIDGE is OPEN for all traffic, from
foot passengers to heavily-laden waggons. Lambeth-bridge gives
the most direct route from Belgravia, Chelsea, Pimlico, Victoria station,
and the south-western districts, to the city (by Blackfriars or London
bridge), the Waterloo and London-bridge stations, Southwark, and all
the eastern and Kent districts.
