SALVEO PEDES.
THE late JAMES WOOD, of Glocester, who died
in 1836.—WANTED, COUNSEL's OPINION, Must be well
cainted with the facts of the long litigation. Please state terms.—
G. J. WOOD, 2 A, West-street, James-street, Mile-end Old-town, N.E
LOST, a BLACK and TAN TERRIER DOG,
strayed from 10 Bury-street, St. James's. Had on a chain col¬
lar, with G— P—— J— engraved Whoever brings the dog to the
above address shall receive TWO POUNDS REWARD.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST about a week
since, in Oxford-street, a LIGHT COLOURED SKYE TER¬
RIER BITCH, quite young, without collar. Whoever will bring the
same to 9, Norfolk-crescent, Hyde-park, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
last, in Westbourne-park, a BLACK and TAN SCOTCH TER¬
RIER DOG, curb chain collar, answering to the name of "Jack."
Whoever will bring the same to 40, Westbourne-park-road, shall receive

ONE POUND REWARD. —DOG LOST, on
Friday night, 3d inst., in Lodge-road, N.W.—a black and tan
English terrier; answers to name of "Trot." Whoever brings the
same to 6a, Lodge-road, St. John's-wood, shall receive the above
reward. No further reward will be offered.
FIVE-POUND NOTES, dated 26th January, 1863,
Nos. T.J 86016 to 36019 inclusive, £20, LOST, in transmission by
post from Regent-street, S.W., to Lower Norwood, on Friday last (halves
in separate envelopes). Anyone giving such information as shall lead to
the recovery of the same shall be handsomely REWARDED. Pay¬
ment is stopped. Apply to Jackson and Shaw, Earl-street, West¬
minster, S.W.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD. —LEFT, in a First-class
Carriage of the Metropolitan Railway, on Wednesday afternoon
of March 18th, a PARCHMENT DEED, enclosed in brown paper¬
about 9 inches square, tied with a string, addressed C. C. Hammond,
Esq., 31, Rood-lane.
Jseless to anyone but the owner. Whoever will
bring the same to Mr. Hammond, 5, Eastcheap, shall receive the above
reward.
TO CABMEN and others. —LOST, on the night of
Saturday, March 7, a GREEN LEATHER PORTEMONNAIE,
bound with silver, containing a £5 note, one sovereign, and a small
packet, of no use except to the owner. Whoever will bring backthe
aid packet to the porter of the Guards' Club, Pall-mall, shall receive
FIVE POUNDS REWARD, and, in addition, will not be required to
produce anything else.
CAUTION.—Messrs. Lecuyer and Co., bankers,
17, Rue de la Banque, Paris, having been ROBBED of LETTER,
intended to be registered, addressed to the Bank of Flanders, and con¬
taining securities to the amount of 35,000 francs (20,000f, and 15,000f.),
bills drawn by Messrs. Servian and Co., of Paris, upon and accepted
by Messrs. Konigs-Gunther and Co., of Antwerp, payable on the 9th
of June next. Bankers, money-changers, and merchants are requested
to be on their guard against any person who may attempt to discount
such bills, they having been stolen.—LECUYER and Co.
FOUND, on March 22, a large LIVER-COLOURED
DOG. If not owned within seven days from this date will be
SOLD to pay expenses. Apply to W. Withers, 4, Devonshire-place,
Turnham-green.—April.
CAUTION.—To Bankers, Bill Brokers, and others.
—Whereas BILLS of EXCHANGE or PROMISSORY NOTES
have been and may be put into circulation by Mr. Daniel Pearson,
purporting to be accepted or made by Messrs. Lloyd, Pearson, and
Lloyds, or the Madeley Coal and Iron Company of Madeley, in Stafford¬
shire; and whereas the partnership between Messrs. Lloyds and Mr.
Daniel Pearson has been duly dissolved, and an injunction has been
granted by the Court of Chancery to restrain the said Daniel Pearson
from drawing, accepting, endorsing, giving, or negotiating any bill of
exchange or promissory note in the name of the Madeley Coal and
Iron Company, or in the name of Lloyd, Pearson, and Lloyds, or in
any other name whereby the Messrs. Lloyds might be rendered liable;
all persons are therefore cautioned against dealing with any such bills
of exchange or promissory notes; and it is requested that information
of any attempts to negotiate the same may be immediately given to
Messrs. R. and S. Mullens, solicitors, 7, Poultry, London, E.C.—
London, 18th March, 1863.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt of the sum of £100 New Three per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of MARTHA ROBINSON,
of Hounslow, Middlesex, widow, deceased, and which was transferred
to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon
not having been received since the 5th April, 1850;—Notice is hereby
given that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said
Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereoff paid, to Sarah
West, wife of Samuel West, the acting executrix, who has claimed the
same, nnless son
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his claim thereto.
PATENT FILTER PRESSES.—I, James Oxley,
of Frome, in the county of Somerset, brewers' engineer, hereby
give notice that I OBTAINED from Her Maiesty's Solicitor-General,
on the 18th day of March instant, LETTERS PATENT under the
Great Seal for my invention of machines for separating liquids from
gemi-fluids and substances, although my application was opposed by
the solicitor and counsel for Messrs. Needham and Kite, of Vauxhall,
London, who represented my invention to be an infringement of their
rights; and I further give notice that I am making and selling such
machines, which are in use by several firms of eminence, to whom I am
allowed to refer, and that I am prepared to idemnify any purchaser
against loss or liability to be incurred by reason of his purchasing or
using any machine of my invention.
Frome, March 21st, 1863.
JAMES OXLE Y.
ONE HUNDRED GUINEAS REWARD.—Piracy
of Trade Marks.—Whereas, under the provisions of "The Mer¬
chandize Marks Act, 1862," every person who, with intent to defrand,
or to enable another to defrand any person, shall forge or counterfeit,
or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any trade mark, or
shall apply, or cause, or procure to be applied, any trade mark, or any
forged or counterfeited trade mark to any chattel or article, not being
the manufacture or production of the person intended to be denoted
by such trade mark, or forged or counterfeited trade mark, shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be
punishable by imprisonment with hard labour for two years, or by
fine, or by imprisonment and fine ; and whereas, by virtue of the
same Act, every person who shall aid, abet, counsel, or procure the
commission of any offence which is by the said Act made a mis¬
demeanor, shall also be guilty of a misdemeanor, and punishable
 in manner above mentioneda
oe e wheress it has come to the
knowledge of the undersigned that articles of condiment and condi¬
mental feeding meal, which are not of his manufacture, have been
offered for sale, marked with the name of Joseph Thorley:—Notice is
hereby given, that a reward of 100 guineas will be paid by the under¬
signed to any person or persons who will give such information as may
lead to the conviction of any person or persons engaged in the
manufacture of such spurious articles of condiment and condimental
feeding meal, or any person or persons aiding or abetting therein, of
any of the misdemeanors created by the above mentioned Act.—
JOSEPH THORLEY. Steam mills and offices, Thornhill-bridge,
Caledonian-road, King's-cross, London.
NORTH-EAST METROPOLITAN AUDIT
DISTRICT.—Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch.—I, the under¬
signed, Thomas Wrake Ratcliff, auditor of the abovenamed district,
do hereby give notice, that I have appointed the AUDIT of the
ACCOUNTS of the abovenamed PARISH for the half-year ended the
25th day of March, 1863, to commence on Monday, the 20th day of
April, 1863, at half-past 11 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Board Room
of the Workhouse of the said parish, Kingsland-road, when and where
all persons who by law are bound to account at such audit are required
to attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers con¬
taining or relating to the accounts or to moneys assessed for, and appli¬
cable to, the relief of the poor.—Dated the 4th day of April, 1863,
THOS. W. RATCLIFF, District Auditor.
Dean Colet-house, Stepney.
WICTORIA
(AUSTRALIA) EMIGRANTS

Chairman—HUGH C. E. CHILDERS, Esq., M.P.
 F. J. Sargood, Esq., Treasurer.
J. G. Knight, Esq., Hon. Sec.
The Government of Victoria having made a preliminary grant of
£5,000 towards providing passages for well-selected operatives from the
distressed districts of the United Kingdom, the above Society will, in the
first instance, employ its funds in supplementing the same by aiding
the emigrants in obtaining outfit and reaching the port of embarkation.
898 has already been received. A second list of subscriptions will
shortly be published.
R. R. ALEXANDER, Secretary.
Offices, Liverpool and London chambers, 27a, Bucklersbury,
London, E.C.
IMPROMPTU SPEAKING.—Second Half-Yearly
Competition, open to all Mechanics' and Literary Institutes.
Prizes, value three guineas and two guineas.—At Myddelton-hall,
Upper-street, Islington, on Friday, 16th April, 8 o'clock. Reserved
scats, 1s. ; area, 6d.
BRITISH METEOROLOGICAL SOCIETY.—
The FIFTH NUMBER of the PROCEEDINGS, published on
April 7, price 2s. 6d., contains Mr. Glaisher's Observations made in
Balloons, with nine Plates and other Papers. Taylor and Francis, Red
Lion-court, Fleet-street, E.C.
By order of the Council,
JAS. GLAISHER, F.R.S.
CHARLES V. WALKER, F.R.S., Secretaries.
The composition fee is £10; the annual contribution, £1; the en¬

AGRAND BAZAAR, under distinguished
patronage, for the benefit of the ROYAL HOSPITAL for
INCURABLES, at Putney, will be held in London, in the month of

Contributions to the approved value of £6 5s. and upwards constitute
the persons presenting them Life Governors of the Institution.
Further particulars may be obtained on application to the following
ladies:—Mrs. R. Du Cane, Ashburton Cottage, Putney-heath, S.W.,
Treasurer; Miss Drummond, Linden Lodge, Linden-grove, Bays¬
water; Mrs. Le Neve Foster, Wandsworth-common, S.W. ; Miss
Jolly, 13, Arbour-terrace, Stepney, E., Secretaries.
Office, 10, Poultry, E.C.
FREDERIC ANDREW, Sec.
FIRST MIDDLESEX LIGHT HORSE VOLUN¬
TEERS.—Richmond, Twickenham, Kingston, Teddington,
Hounslow, Brentford, Kew, Ham, Hampton Court, Sudbury, and
Mortlake.—A SQUADRON is about to be FORMED for the special
convenience of the gentry of the above localities, with facilities for
drill in their own immediate neighbourhoods. Full particulars may be
obtained from Sergeant-Major Hickman, 111, Regent-street, London.
LONDON PERMANENT EXPOSITION
(Limited), 73, Cannon-street west, E.C.—The Directors beg to
announce that these extensive premises are NOW OPEN for the re¬
ception of goods for exhibition and sale. Merchants, manufacturers,
engineers, patentees, and the trading community generally are invited
to avail themselves of the advantages offered by this international
institution. Charges to exhibitors on a moderate scale. Prospectuses
containing every information to be had on applicat
HE. TAYLOR, Secretary.
CHELSEA and PIMLICO EXPRESS OMNI¬
BUSES.—Saving of 20 minutes—These omnibuses leave the
Compasses daily, for St. Mary's Church, near the Mansion-house, at
Sh. Om., 9h. 30m., 11h. Om., 12h. 30m., 3h. Om., 4h. 30m., 6h. Om.,
passing the Monster, Lupus-Street, Lambeth-bridge, Obelisk, and
London-bridge Stations; returning from St. Mary's Church at Sh. 45m.,
10h. 15m., 11h. 45m., 1h. 15m., 3h. 45m., 5h. 15m., 6h. 45m.
—
ROYAL ALHAMBRA PALACE. — Special
Programme for Easter Week.—The great VERRECKE. "Blon¬
din sinks to nothing compared to the excitement Verrecke creates."—
Court Journal. The wondrous Talliotts, in their graceful per¬
formance on the flying rings, Guillaume Conrade on the tight rope,
Richard Conrade on the ilying trapeze, les Petits Monstres, Messrs.
Brian and Conley in their burlesque opera, Sandy of the Mill, the
Brothers Conrade, Mrs. Brian, Wieland, &c. Operatic selections.
Norma, Martha, &c. Band and chorus of 60 performers.
ROYAL ALHAMBRA PALACE. — Special Notice.
—Madame Elise Adams.—This graceful artiste, whose extra¬
ordinary performance on the corde elastique elicited such unbounded
applause at the Crystal Palace last Christmas, will appear evsry even¬
ing this week only.
PHRENOLOGY.—A skilful report of the mental
organization of children may prevent the calamitous errors fre¬
uently committed in their education and ultimate destination. Dr.
DONOVAN brings to the practice of mental organology the experience

DECALCOMANIE, by which means the most beau¬
tiful designs may be easily transferred to wood, china, glass,
metal, silks, leather, &c. May be had in handsome polished box, con¬
taining every requisite and full instructions for use, price 8s. 6d.—
CREMER, Jun., 210, Regent-street.
DECALCOMANIE.—ARMS and CRESTS of
families can be PREPARED for this new and interesting work
by Messrs. A. MARION and Co., 152, Regent-street. They have just
received a large assortment of various articies in china, opale glass, and
wood for decorating; also a selection of the best designs for the above

DECALCOMANIE GALLERY, 211, Regent-street.
—Mr. MARTIN, Professor of this delightful art, begs to inform
the nobility and gentry that he has just opened a GALLERY of inte¬
resting SPECIMENS, in connexion with his repository of drawings.
The above he teaches practically, in one simple, short lesson. Perfect
success warranted. Boxes of materials complete, with proper direc¬
tions for use. Wholesale and retail. Country orders promptly exe¬
cuted.
PRIZE MEDAL, INTERNATIONAL EXHIBI¬
TION.—Artists' Colours.—Messrs. G. ROWNEY and Co. have
the pleasure to announce the completion of their NEW SYSTEM of
GRINDING COLOURS by MACHINERY, which enables them to
supply artists' colours in oil, water, or powder, perfectly fine, at the
same prices as hitherto charged for colours less finelyground. Messrs.
G. R. and Co. feel assured the oil colours ground by their improved
process will be found to be finer, brighter, less oily, and to dry quicker
than any others manufactured, and that their water colours, prepared
by the same process, will prove finer, brighter, and to float more evenly
without granulation than any other colours at present manufactured.
—George Rowney and Co., manufacturing artists' colourmen: retail
department, 51 and 52, Rathbone-place; wholesale and export depart¬
ment, 10 and 11, Percy-street, London.
