TO M. A.—In case advertisements in The Times of
Friday have not met vour oye, I insert this to urge more strongly
four instant RETURN. Pray do, dear S., as I am certain, from the
kindness and consideration shown me, that your immediate presence
will improve matters, and alleviate the sufferings of your unhappy
wife. Am still at home, J. is with me, as perfect secresy is observed
towards certain members of the family. — June 26.
LOST, in Her Majesty's Theatre, or in crossing to
122, Pall-mall, on the evening of the 24th, a GOLD BRACE¬
LET, with locket, set in opals and diamonds. If restored and left at
No. 122, Pall-mall, the finder shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, on Friday, 19th inst., a PARCEL, containing
four folding eyeglasses, in gold and ename eae

 ., t.
have fallen from a brougham, in Bond-street. FIVE POUNDS will
GIVEN on the parcel being taken to Mr. Dixey, optician, 3, New
Bond-street.
LOST, on 23d June, in the neichbourhood of Moor¬
gate-street, a BLACK RETRIEVER DOG, with patches of
white on four paws, tail, and breast
An yone finding the same and
bringing him to Clothworkers'-hall, Mincing-lane, shall be RE¬
WARDED.
LOST, in a cab, or near the entry to the Botanical-¬
gardens, Regent's-park, on Wednesday, 24th, about 4 p.m., a
GOLD BRACELET, with blue enamel and three cameos in medallion.
Whoever will bring the same to 

wood-square, N.W., shall be REWARDED.
LOST, in Fleet-street, on Wednesday, 24th inst., a
BROWN PAPER PARCEL, addressed Messrs James Hogg and
Sons, containing papers and memorands of no value but to the owners.
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD will be paid on delivery at 9 and 10,
St. Bride's-avenue, Fleet-street, E.C.
LOST (FIVE POUNDS REWARD), on Thursday,
June 11th, by the 1120 a.m. train d
Harrogate to Leeds, an
EXPANDING BLACK LEATHER PORTMANTEAU, containing
clothes and a pocket book of private papers, of no use but to the
Cop
owner. Linen markedW
Any one returning it complete and
safe to the Nottingham Station shall have the above reward.
LOST, on the 22d inst., a GREEN and GOLD
LEATHER PURSE, containing gold, a small key, an elastic
band, a Crystal Palace season ticket, &c. Supposed to have been
dropped in a cab which took a lady from 94, Wimpole-street, to the
Victoria Station, or in the train to Sydenham. Whoever has found it
and will bring it to 94, Wimpole-street, may KEEP the MONEY if he
restore the rest of the contents intact.
LEFT in a CAB, which took a gentleman from the
Auction Mart Stand, city, to Chancer-lane, about 3 o'clock on
Wednesday afternoon, a PURSE, containin
sseemseres
tials "F. R. C." on fastening. TEN SHILLINGS REWARD on

DOG LOST.—ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST,
ss
Primrose-hill, or the neighbourhood, a
large BLACK RETRIEVER DOG, with curly coat, and a little sore
in the right ear: answers to the name of "Carlow." The above
reward will be given to anyone who will bring the dog to 72, Baker¬
street, Portman-square.
ARGE BUNCH of KEYS LOST, in the neigh¬
borhood of Westbourne-terrace, or between there and West¬
minster, on the morning of Friday, the 26th inst., containing (among
others) three of Chubb's patent keys. ONE POUND REWARD will
he given to any one taking the same to Mr. West, law stationer, King¬
street, Westminster.
THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—DOG LOST,
on Tuesday, June 23, in Westbourne-grove—a white and yellow¬
ish small foreign poodle dog, long hair over the eyes, coat thin on the
back, with slight appearance of mange. Whoever brings the dog to
Mr. Dickenson, chymist, I, Sussex-gardens, Hyde-park, shall receive
the above reward.
BILLS of EXCHANGE.—LOST, on the 18th April,
1863, in transmission from Paris, FOUR BILLS of EXCHANGE.
viz.:—Bank of Ireland, Belfast, on Bank of England, date April 7,
£40; Bank of England, Manchester, on Bank of England, No. S 3,853,
date April 14. £379 1s.; Ulster Banking Company, Belfast, on Lon¬
don and Westminster Bank, date April 7, £300; Royal Bank of Ire¬
land, Dublin, on London and Westminster Bank, date April 15,
£97 10s., endorsed by Messrs. Frederic S. Ballin and Co., to the order
of the Bank of London. Payment of these bills has been stopped,
and any person bringing the same to Mr. G.
eet,advertising offices,
No. 30, Cornhill, E.C., shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
FOUND, an IRISH RETRIEVER DOG. Apply
at 4, Bridge-row, Pimlico, S.W. If not claimed and all expenses
and damages paid by the 1st of July he will be sold.
METROPOLITAN POLICE-OFFICE.—FOUND,
in the possession of a female, supposed to have been stolen, a
SINGLE-STONE DIAMOND PIN, with claw setting. Application
to be made at the Poiice Station, F Division, Bow-street.
NOTICE is hereby given, that unless the BOX con¬
taining railway chains, harness, &c., left at the Angel Hotel,
Lymington, Hants, in January, 1861, by Mr. Lines (late Hale and
Lines), be CLAIMED and TAKEN AWAY by the 3d of July next, it
will be sold to pay
penses. (Signed) W. B. Norris, Lymington,

NEXT of KIN.—Salmon.—An ADVERTISEMENT
appeared some years ago for JOHN KINSEY SALMON, of
Singapore, or for his heirs. It probably related to the succession of
either Mrs. Broff or Mrs. Griffiths. INFORMATION as to where that
advertisement is now to be found is desired by Mr. Will, 4, Elm-court,
Temple, E.C.
TO PARISH CLERKS and others.—FIVE GUI¬
NEAS REWARD will be paid for the CERTIFICATE of the
MARRIAGE of GEORGE FOSSEY with JANE WILLIAMS. The
marriage, it is believed, was solemnized between the years 1758 and 1780.
Application to be made immediately to Mr. Edward Bower, solicitor,
Birmingham.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
SOPHIA HENRIETTA GOUGH, now or late of the United
States of America.—Take notice, that a CITATION, bearing date the
15th day of April, 1863, issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court of
Probate, against you, at the instance of George James Miller, of
No. 6, Great College-street, Westminster, in the county of Middlesex,
sculptor (a legatee named in the will of Henry Thomas Gough, late of
No. 15, Cowley-street, Westminster, in the county of Middlesex, gentle¬
man, bachelor, deceased), citing you, within 30 days after notice here¬
of to cause an appearance to be entered for you in the Principal Regis¬
try of the said Court, and accept or refuse letters of administration,
with the will annexed, of all and singular the personal estate and effects
of the said Henry Thomas Gough, deceased, or show cause why the said
letters of administration, with the said will annexed, of his personal
estate and effects, should not be granted to the said George James
Miller, as a legatee named in his said will, with an intimation that in
default of your so appearing and accepting and extracting the said
letters of administration, with the said will annexed, the Judge of the
Court of Probate, or the Registrars of the Principal Registry thereof
will proceed to grant the said letters of administration, with the said
will annexed, to the said George James Miller.
A. F. BAYFORD Registrar.
EDWARD DRAPER, 29, Charlwood-street, Pimlico, Solicitor
for the said George James Miller.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of
ENGLAND.—The CRESSWELL.—No. 1,738.—Whereas a cause
of wages has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of Eng¬
land, on behalf of Edward William Willson, of Milton-next-Sitting¬
bourne, in the county of Kent, master mariner, late master of the
schooner or vessel Cresswell, against the said vessel, her tackle, apparel,
and furniture, now lying at French's-wharf, Chatham, under arrest, by
virtue of a warrant issued from the Registry of the said Court, and no
appearance has been entered in the said cause; This is to give notice
to all persons who have or claim to have any RIGHT, Title, or Interest
in the said VESSEL, that, if an appearance in the said Court be not
entered in the Registry of the said Court within six days from the pub¬
lication of this notice, the Judge of the said Court will order the said
vessel to be sold to answer the claims instituted or to be instituted
against the same, or make such order in the premises as to him shall
seem right. —Dated the 1st day of June, 1863.
H. A. BATHURST, Assistant-Registrar.
Notice of Sale of Ship, taken out by Clarkson, Son, and Cooper,
No. 25, Great Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons.
FOXWELL v. THOMAS.—The plaintiff having
obtained a final verdict, establishing his patent right, Judkins',
16th October, 1852, is prepared to GRANT LICENCES thereunder;
and all persons who have made, used, or sold machines, in infringe¬
ment of that patent, except those which have been or may be sold by
W. F. Thomas, for which he has paid the plaintiff, are required
forthwith to make a return thereof to the plaintiff's solicitor, and
proceedings will be adopted agninst all infringers who do not imme¬
diately pay to him the royalties on the machines they have made, used,
and sold. H. WICKENS, Solicitor to D. Foxwell, of Manchester,
4. Tokenhouse-yard, Bank.
CAUTION to TAILORS' TRIMMING DEALERS
Woollendrapers, Manufacturers Agents, and others.—We hereby
give notice, that Messrs. CLEFF. BROTHERS, of Barmen, in Prussia,

authorized MAKERS of GUSTAV KOTTGEN's
PATENT IMPROVED CLOTH BINDING, to be used for trimming
woollen cloth garments, and that Messrs. Wallerstein and Salomons,
of No. 15, Watling-street, London, are the sole agents for sale thereof
in the United Kingdom. Parties infringing the patent will be pro¬
ceeded against. — Dated this 25th June, 1863.
ASHURST, MORRIS, and KNIGHT, 6, Old Jewry.
CAUTION.—To GUN and PISTOL MANUFAC¬
TURERS, Merchants, Dealers, and others whom it may concern.
—Whereas there is reason to believe that guns and pistols not bear¬
ing any proof mark are being offered for sale in Birmingham and
elsewhere, the Proofmaster and Wardens of the Birmingham Gun
Barrel Proof-house hereby give notice, that it is illegal to sell, ex¬
change, expose, or keep for sale, or to export, or attempt to export
from England any pistols, rifles, breech-loading guns, or small arms of
any kind, the barrel or barrels whereof are not duly proved, and
marked as proved, pursuant to the Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1855.
Barrels of foreign make imported into England are liable to the pro¬
visions of the said Act. Offenders are liable to a penalty of £20 for
each offence, and any person offending against the tenor of the said Act
will be prosecuted according to law.
By order of the Proofmaster and Wardens of the
Birmingham Proof-house.
Birmingham Proof-house, June, 1863.
POLOGY.—To the Guardians of the Birmingham
Gun Barrel Proof-house.—Gentlemen.—I, the undersigned,
Isaac Lowthime, of No. 8, Bull-ring, Birmingham, pawnbroker, do
hereby express my REGRET at having infringed the provisions of the
Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1855, by selling to Mr. John Summers, of Tan¬
worth, a gun, the barrels of which had received only provisional and
not definitive proof; at the time I sold this gun I was not aware that
any other proof was requisite than that which appeared upon the
barrels, but I find that selling the gun without the mark of definitive
proof on the barrels has rendered me liable to a penalty of £20. I
thank the Board for its leniency in not pressing the case against
me, and I shall willingly pay the costs incurred, including the insertion
of this apology once in each of the Birmingham newspapers, also the
costs of properly proving the barrels of the gun, and if they do not
stand proof I will make good the loss to Mr. Summers,
I am gentlemen, your obedient servant.
(Signed)
ISAAC LOWTHIME.
CAUTION.—59th Geo. III., cap. 7, sec. 8, intituled
"An Act to regulate the Cutlery Trade in England, provides that
any offender against this Act may be committed to prison by two
tustices of the peace for three calendar months. The undersigned
have reason to believe that their corporate trade mark, "The Sun," is
extensively forged on swords, cutlery, and tools, which are exported to
South America: and they give notice that they will PROSECUTE all
ersons manufacturing or selling goods frandulently stamped with


MAPPIN, BROTHERS.
os. 67 and 68, King William-street, London, May 8, 1863
CAUTION.—FRENCH, 9, Royal Exchange, Lon¬
don, Watch, Clock, and Chronometer Maker, has obtained IN¬
JUNCTIONS to restrain Eaves, Lazarus, Bond, Holliday, and others
from fraudulently imitating, making, selling, or exportin
atches
marked with the words, "French. Royal Exchange, London,""French,
Royal Exchange," or "French, London." French beg to caution the
public against purchasing watches, clocks, or chronometers bearing such
names or trade mark, except at the place of business, 9, Royal Ex¬
chunge, or purchasing foreign watches representing English make and
bearing forged hall marks. 9, Royal Exchange, is the only place of
business of French.
CAUTION against COPIED PHOTOGRAPHS.—
Whereas several advertisements have appeared, stating that the
advertisers could re-produce Cartes de Visite by photography at a low
price, now I, CAMILLE SILVY, caution all persons against such pro¬
ceedings, which infringe the acts for the protection of property in
works of art. I may also state that perfect copies of my photographs
cannot be obtained by this method, there being always a great diffe¬
rence between a spurious copy and the original proof. In order to
secure, at any time, proofs from the original plates, I have kept them
in perfect order from first to last (above 15,000 in number), and from
these plates, and these alone, the public may be sure of obtaining
proofs, either of the same size or enlarged
perfectly equal to the first.
—No. 36, Porchester-terrace, Bayswater,
MAIZENA.—It has been recently discovered that a
person has been manufacturing a spurious and inferior com¬
pound, which has been sold with the name and title of Maizena affixed
thereto. The Glen Cove Company, of New York, are the only manu¬
facturers of "a peculiar preparation of the most nutritious properties
of the Indian corn," which preparation the said Company have for some
years sold under the title of Maizena, which word forms an essential
part of their trade mark. The Glen Cove Company hereby CAUTION
all persons from infringing their said trade mark, and from using the
name fof Maizena, or any colourable imitation thereof, as in case of
breach immediate proceedings will be taken in the Court of Chancery
for an injunction. The Glen Cove Company also give notice, that the
sole consignees of Maizena in the United Kingdom are Messrs. Tomlin,
Rendell, and Co., 33, Eastcheap, London, whose names are affixed
to every packet.
HEAD and PATTISON, 5, Martin's-lane, Cannon-street,
Solicitors for the Glen Cove Company.
WICTORIA RIFLES.—The SHOOTING is
STOPPED at the Kilburn and Stanmore ranges for a few days,

By order,
.A. TREW, Capt. and Adjt,
Orderly Room. Kilburn, June 27, 1863.
