CHARLIE.—Return at once. Sussie is seriously ill;
she says come back, no matter what has happened. Do come or
write, if only a word to Sussle.: We all want you.—Emma, Kissie,
Eliza, and John.
INO-GEORGIE. — Joyful. Cireumstances now admit of
all being satisfactorily an
arranged to your comfort,
beyond any further doubt. COMMUNICATE immediately. All will be
well. Post apy time.
THOMAS ALEXANDER BRADLEY Esore. Bar¬
rister at law U.S. deceased THOMAS ALEXANDER BRAD¬
LEY formerly of Leigh in the County of Essex died at Detroit in the
United States of America some years since a Bachelor All persons
having any CLAIM whatever on his ESTATE are requested to com¬
municate with Messrs. Clarkson Son and Greenwell 24 Carter Lane
Doctors Commons in the Chy of London Solicitors.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—WANTED, since the
1th  Sentern.
ast, for obtaining money on false pretences,
WILLIAM HENRY EYTON, late a clerk in London Bank of
Mexico. Age ahoup 36, looks older, strongly built, height six feet,
dark complexion, moustache, no beard or whiskers. Last seen in
London wearing light lndian suit, with wide-awake hat, and wear¬
ing green glasses. An eccentricity unmistakable in his speech, ques¬
tioning every statement made to him with an exclamation, "Umph."
A warrant having been granted by the Lord Mayor of this City for
the apprehension of the said William Henry Eyton, the above reward
will be paid by Mr. Gilbert Robins, Solicitor, 11, Paucras-lane, London,
for such information as shall lead to the apprenension and conviction
of the accused. Information to be given to the Inspector, Detective
Department, City Police office, 26, Old Jewry, London, E.C.—London,
17th October 187
TO SECRETARIES of PUBLIC COMPANIES.
Stockbrokers and others.—The Estate of Lionel Adam Spiel¬
mann, deceased.—The administrator of the ESTATE of LIONEL
ADAM SPIELMANN, late of No. 7. Conduit-street, in the county of
Middlesex, Stockdealer, deceased, would feel obliged for INFOR¬
MATION regarding SHARES held by the deceased in any company
or undertaking, or any holding which the deceased may have had in
any ptbli los, i case such property may not have been claimed by
the admini trator. Address Hill and Son, 39, Old Broad-street, Lou¬
don, E.C., Soliciters for the Administrator.
RA
K of ENGLAND.—U
laimed Stock.—In pur¬
suance of an Order of the Court of Chancery, dated the 25th
ay, 1878
aho d d a de in th  e att

cap. 60,
an
tae a onal Deb t.
te ee


are directed to retransfer from the Com.
sioners for the Reduction.
of the National Debt the sum of £81 7s. 6d. New £3.
te e ent  n
tinies,e eretoo

NHENE
T m  o f o
JENKINS, of Tudor-place, Tenby, gentleman, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said  
missioners, in o
quence of the diviends.
thereon having remained ue le
sincet
tht 5th April, 1866;—
Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from
this date (November 13, 1878), the said stock will be transferred, and
the dividends thereon paid to the account of Her Majesty's Pay¬
master-General, for the time being, on behalf of the Chancery
Division of the High Court of Justce, in the matter of John Henry
Jenkins, a person of unsound mind, the person named in the said
Order, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his ciaim to ereto.
THE Mr. PORTER, referred to for several days past
in this column, is, happily, alive, and, having seen the adver¬
tisement, has been kind enough to call on Mr. Bessemer, who takes
this opportunity of THANKING the very numerous correspoudents
who have kindly tendered information on the subject.
TO CLERGYMEN, Parish Clerks, and others.—
FIVE POUNDS REWARD offered for COPY of MARRIAGE
CERTIFICATE of ROBERT MARTLIN, about 1821, formerly of

ex. Apply B. S., 321, Gray's-inn-road, London.
AB is heartily THANKED for a £5 Bank of
England note towards filling the 00 vacant beds at Wood¬
ouse, Wanstead.—The NATIONAL SOCIETY and PRINCESS
LOUISE HOME for the PROTECTION of YOUNG GIRLS, 26, New
Broad-street, E.C. J. B. TALBOT, Sec.
CENTRAL LONDON THROAT and EAR HOSPI¬
TAL, Gray's-inn-road, W.C.—The Committee most gratefully
ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of a DONATION of £5 from
Lieut.-Col. T. Picton Turbervill, and of an Annual Subscription of
£3 from Mrs. Fletcher.—ALFRED HUTTON, Chairman.
LOST, a SMALL BROWN RUSSIA LEATHER
NOTE-BOOK, with elastic band, either dropped from a car¬
riage or left in a shop, on or before 24th ult. Contents valueless ex¬
cept to owner. FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD if taken to Rastall's,
Stationer, Ebury-stree
E, S. W.
LOST, on Thursday, the 7th instant, at Southampton,
either on board the Peninsular and Oriental steam tur the Town
Southampton or in a first class carriage of the London and South¬
West.
Railway between Southampton and Bishop's Waltham, a
LADYS GCLD and BLACK ENAMEL WATCH, set with dia¬
monds, with gentleman's chain, watch-key, and seal, pencil, and
heart-shaped old locket. A handsome REWARD will be given on its
return to Mrs. W. J., Cowhill Tover, Dumfries, N.B.
OUTCH-RHENISH RAILWAY COMPANY.—In
accordance with Art. 56 of the Statutss, notice is hereby given
for the second time, of the LOSS of the SHARE CERTIFICATE,
No. 64,048.
The DIRECTION.
Utreeht, November 9, 1878.
THREE POUNDS REWARD will be paid for the
RECOVERY of an old SILVER LEVER HUNTING WATCH
lost on Septemper 28, in Aldersgate-street. Engraved Allen 2,176.
Apply 5, King-square, Goswell-road.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 5th
instant, from the neighbourhood of St. John's-wood, a DARK¬
GRAY SKYE TERRIER DOG; answers to the name of Scot.
Anyone taking him to 63, Boundary-road, St. John's-wood, shall
receive the above reward. No further reward will be offered.
FOUND, on Friday night, in Mill-hill-place, a FOX
TERRIER BITCH. Owner can have it on paying expenses.
Apply at 7, Mill-hill-place, W.
METROPOLITAN POLICE-OFFICE.—FOUND,
about March last, at Twickenham, a RING, set with lirilliants.
Application to be made at the Police Station, Hammersmith.
METROPOLITAN POLICE-OFFICE.—FOUND,
in September last, near the bank of the river Thames at
Fulham, a DIAMOND RING. Application to be made at the Police
Station, Hammersmith.
METROPOLITAN POLICE OFFICE.—Dogs.—
A large number of DOGS are now in custody of the Police,
awarting identification, found in possession of a man under remand.
They will be given up on 14th inst. if not previously owned. Inquire,
personally, between 11 and 4, at the Pavilion Greenyard, White¬
pel

ROYS. —Sea Service.—The Bonn¬
of Trade hereby
CAUTION parents and guardians against emp
 un¬
authorizedpes.
at to obtain situations for boys on board ship

s receiving any payment
obtain
ti s u e h employ¬
liable to a heavy penn

te 
ch will be enforced if particu¬
tietrs are set to the Board of Trade.
HA GE f N
DO AE.—I, Jordan Roquette-Palmer¬
te xe.
Palmer,
and Cambridge University Club. Pall¬
Na en,
ddlesex.
te y  o f e
nd of Clifton, in the city and
cio nnty of
Bristol, M.A., hereeb e eive,
notice that, by a deed poll o f e
his date under my hand and seal, and intended to be enrolled in the
Cancery Division of th e
Court of Justin.

OPOTE


HAMES of ROQUETTE-PALMER,

tin o o m


forth.

in
se e m entary do e
tae i in n s which
ay
1.
es

to s ions whatsoever to be designated,
aeled, and known by, the name of Jordan Re
uette-Palmer-Palmer,

Ann
mer only.—Date
No.
this 12th day

JO
AN ROQUETTE-PALMER-PALMER.
SOAT NGE of NRAM E
— John Coo .
on Fife Cookson,


eiven, th ete
Oonn Cookson Fife Cook-on, of
titehi i l , e in.
e county palatine of
Durham, a Captain in Her Majesty's 65th Regiment, who up to the
ate and execution of the deed poll hereinafter mentioned hay


ae of JOHN COOKSON FIFE, have

plication for a Royal licence, by deed poll, dated the
9th day of Norember, 1878, und er.
hand and seal, witnessed
J.
Hugo C. Greenwel

BnDoctors'-commons, in the
City of London,
foliciton.
a nduly enrolled
the oh  ne.
Division of the High Court of Justice, and
ne ance of the
direction in that behalf contained in he
ast will
aed esta¬
Cookson, lat.
s

the e il l aforesaid. E.

ae c ase e n
SMED I E SRNRESA
S of COOKSON, in addition to
and after that of Fife, and so that th e o
te e hall be the
last and principal 
ame, an  th ah t  ihn

thall designate myself,

be designated, known,


guished by o h e
ereafter in all

and in all dealings
transactions, and in all actions,

other proceedings
to r i n  w h i h h ye,


parties, or be otherwise interest
a
on all otber occasions what¬
oever, by the surname of Cooks on , in a
ttoion to and after that e
fe.  A I
hereby expressly authorise and desire


d describe me and my issue accordingly.
seeeas

te  the arms of Cookson
hose of Fife, it bein  my ex,

te e intention


te s
th e of the said John Cookson in that
behalf contained. —Dated this 11
day of November, 1878.

COOKSON FIE G
OKSON.
BLA.
N .
SON, SON,
E i
L Doctors
E.C., Solin.
118.
ong
THE
IONG FOREST ACT,
SP.
1878. —Loughton
Manor
and Parish.—Epping Forest
bitration, 6.
Palace¬

araese,
coe is herby given, that PERSONS
desirous of CLEAIMEI
GRIGHTS as existing in this Manor and
toei e.

the e ete t h an the rights
L
ann



to e e
oe e e s tatements shew

e f e
claimed  aeein
te ssss of persons. The
statements should be lodged in duplicate, at


than W ednesday,



tih s h uld at of
apply to the
Arbitrator for that purpose.
Dated the 12th day of November 1874
HUGH A.
ARDON, Chief C.
ck.
HARITY COMMISSION.—In the Matter of the
Trust for carrying on the NORTH LONDON COLLEGIATE

SS now regulated by a scheme
established under the Endowed Schools Acts on the 13th day of May,
1875, and in the Matter of the Charitable Trusts Acte, 1853 to 1869.—
Notice is hereby given, that an ORDER has been made by the Board
of Charity Commissioners for Encland and Wales partially varying
the provisions of the 9th e
e abovementioned scheme.
A copy of the Order may be inspected, free of cost, daily, except on
taeng t e esp
Sundays, d
o f one calendar month, to

othe first publication of this notice, at the Board-room, No. 202.
H. e.W. 
Cam.
een the hours of 11 a.m. and 3 p.m.; a
a

taite t a the said Commissioner
Whitehall, Lomdon, S.W.
be¬

a.     p.



ber, 1876.
HENRY M
WANE, Secretary.
MANAWATU LAND ORDERS.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the 30th day November, 1877, an Act was passed
by the General Assembly of New Zealand, intituled an Acts to provide
for the satisfaction of certain Land Orders issued br the New Zealand
Company, and theretofore exercised in the Manawatu or Horewhenua
districts, within the aforesaid Company's settlement at Wellington.
e a

lain ing under any such Land Orders
as aforesaid is drawn to the provisions of the said Act next follow¬
ing, that is to say:—
Every person claiming land within the Provincial District of Wel¬
lington under any Land Order originally issued by the New Zealand
Company, and which has beon exercised in the Manawatu or Horow¬
henua Districts, must, within 12 months from the 30th November, 1877,
if he he a resident in the Colony, and within two yearsifrom such date
if he be a resident elsewhere, give notice in writing, by himself or his
agent, to the Commissioner appointed for the District of Wellington
under the Ordinance of the Lesislative Council of the Is'ands of New
Zealand, Session 15. No 11, for the hearing and decision of his claim
under the provisions of the said Act, and at the uime of making his
application for the satisfaction of his claim must lodge with the Com¬
missioner the original land order under which he claims to be entitled
to select any section of land. Unless such land order shall previously
have been lodged with the Commissioner no claim can be heard and
determined until such original land order is lodged, or proof of the
loss given to the satisfaction of the Commissioner.

oe to
o n en,
t of the e¬
son found to be entitled to land under any partic

particular number
toie o f e e

lodged with him, or of his having received satisfon.
toe o 

loss thereof, and the amount in value stated in such land order; such

proved by the Govern n
Council,
and forthwith published in the New Zealand Gazette, with the date
of the approval attached thereto.
Notification of the Governor's approval is a sufficient warrant to the
Commissioner to issue to the persons named in such approved report
as being entitled to land, scrp for the amount of money originally
paid for the land order under which any such persens have beee found
to be entitled, together with compensation to the amount of £1 for
every £1 sterling represented by such land order added thereto: so
that every person found entitied shall receive £2 in value for every
20s. in value to which he shall have been found entitled, except in
cases of lost land orders, in which case proceedings must be taken
under the Lost Land Orders Act, 1861.
No scrip can be delivered by the Commissioner until the land order
in satisfaction of which such scrip is issued has been cancelled by

Upon the receipt of scrip all the right, title, intr-est, claim, and de¬
mand of the pe rson to

nad of all other per¬
sons whatsoever, to the land in respect of which serin shall have been
issued is extinguished; and the issue of such scrip is, both at law and
in equity, a full and complete performance by the Crown, on behalf of
the New Zealand Company, of the contract or obligation of the Com¬
pany in respect of which such scrip shall have been issued.
All scrip to be issued under the authority of the said Act is trans¬
ferable and is receivable as cash by the Receiver of Land Revenue in
or towards the purchase of waste lands of the Crown in any part of the
provincial district of Wellington, but not elsewhere, and must be exer¬
cised within five years from the date of its issue; claims for the exer¬
cise of scrip not made within such period of five years are barred.
The Commissioner cannot entertain or investigate any claims in
which the claimant shall not have notified his intention to have his
claim heard and decided under the provisions of the said Act within

All clamants failing
to avall themseives of the provisions of the said Act are barred, and

Claimants not resident within the Colony of New Zealand should
forthwith appoint a duly authorized agent to do and performwhatever
may be requisite to obtain the benefit of the said Act. —Dated at Wel¬

Signed) DAVID LEWIS, a Commissioner for the purposes
ar of the above referred to Act.
