G. must come back at once to his distressed
wife and relatives, and all will be right.—B. A. G.
NEW BRIGHTON.—If the LADY who gave a gentle¬
man some information last autumn would WRITE again to the
address he gavether, he would feel much obliged.
THE late Major STUART SMITH, Royal Artillery,
left a silver watch with Captain J. Grant Elliott. Army Pay
Department, before the Battle of Insandhalwana. His RELATIVES
are requested to COMMUNICATE with this officer, at Durban, Natal.
PURSUANT to a Judgment of the High Court of
Justice Chancery Division made in an Action in the matter of
the Estate of Daniel Williams deceased Jones against Her Majestys
Attorney General 1877 W No. 230 The persons claiming to be NEXT
of KIN according to the Statutes for the distribution of Testators
Estates of DANIEL WILLIAMS late of Pwilhobl in the parish of
Lianbadarnfawr in the County of Cardigan a retired Bookseller who
died in or about the month of January 1877 living at the time of his
death, or claiming to be the legal personal Representatives of such of
the said Next of Kin as are now dead are by their Solicitors on or be¬
f re the and day of November 1879 to come in and prove their claims
at the Chambers of the Vice Chancellor Sir Richard Malins No. 3
Stone Buildings Lincolns Inn Middlesex or in default thereof they
will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the said Judgment
Wednesday the 12th day of November 1879 at 12 oclock at noon at the
said Chambers is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the
Claims Dated this 17th day of July 1879
EDWARD SHEARME Chief Clerk
CROSSE SONS a RILEY 7 Lanca-ter Place Strand
Agents for Hugh Hughes & Son Aberystwith Solici¬

PURSUANT to a Judgment of the High Court of
Justice made in an action entitled "In the matter of the Estate
of Dennis Josoph Canty deceased, Cornelius Brian and others against
William Charies Thurley," the persons claiming to be NEXT of KIN
accoring to the statutes for the distribution of intestate estates, of
DENNIS JOSEPH CANTY formerly of New Gravel Lane in the
parish of St. Paul Shadwell then of Belgrave St. Rancliff, then of "The
Duke or Kent" public house No 34 Martha St in the parish of St.
George in the East, licensed victualier, and late of No 164 Jamaica
ot Mile End Old Town, all in the county of Middlesex, living at the
time of his decease on the 21st day of May 1878, or to be the legal
personal representatives of such of the said next of kin as are now
dead, and in particular James Canty brother of the said Dennisd osepn
Canty who teft hngland for New South Wales on the 29th day of Sep
tember 1501, if now living, or the children of the said James Canty if
any, in case he died before the said aist day of May 1878 or the per¬
sonal representatives of the shid James Canty in case he died since
the said 21st day of May 1878, are by their solicitors on or before 1st
day of December 1879 to come in and prove their ceaims at the Cham¬
bers of the Vice-Chancellor Sr Charles Hall No. 14 Chancery Lane
Middlesex or in delauit thereof they will be peremptorily exclueed
from the benefit of the said Judgment. Wednesday the 10th day of
December 1879 at three o'clock in the afternoon at the said chambers
is appointes for hearing and adjuiicating upon the claims. Dated this
2d day of July 1879		WILLIAM BINNS SMITH Chief Clerk
NOTICE.—All parties having CLAIMS against the
deceased Mr. ALEXANDER McRITCHIE, Superintendent
Engineer in the Peninsular and Creental Steam Navigation Com¬
pany, and lately residing at No. 8. Aberdeen-park, Highbury, Lon¬
don, are requested to lodge the same within one month from this
date with Mrs. McRitchic, at the above address; or Messrs. Duncan
and Black, W. S., 6, Hill-street, Edinburgh, the Agents of Mr.
McRitenie's Trustees and Executors.—Edinburgh, 18th July, 1879.
THE HOSPITAL for WOMEN, Soho-square, W.—
Patron, H.R.H. the Prince of WALES. President, the Earl of
SHAFTESBURY, K.G.—The Committee of Management most grate¬
fully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEPT, from the baroness de noth¬
scluld, of a very liberal donation of TWO HUNDRED POUNDS, in
memory of Baron de Rothschild, her deeply-lamented and much¬
beioved husband.—DAVID CANNON, Secretary.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, July 18, be¬
tween Pall-mall and Haymarket, a BOUND, SILVER, FILLI¬
GREE ORNAMENT, from top of a case. Apply to R. and S.
Garrard and Co., 25, Haymarket.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday, the
13th inst., in t e,
Babourhood of queen's-road, Bayswater, a
SALL BLUE SKYE TERRIER (male), with long siiky coat.
Collar with the name of Judy. Whoever shall take the same to
No. 86, Porchester-gardons-mews, shad receive the above reward.
LONDON and NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY.—
Notice is hereby given, that all ARTICLES found in the Com¬
pany's carriages, or which may have been left on any stations of the
e, between the 1st October, 1878, and the 31st Maren, 1879, and also
all Articles and Parcels received for conveyance by passenger train,
between the above-mentioned dates, the consianees of which have not
been sound, or have refused them, will be SOLD, if NOT CLAIMED
within one month of this date.	STEPHEN REAY, Secretary.
Luston Station.
MIDDLESEX MUSIC and DANCING LICENCES.
—Notice is hereby given, that all persons intending to apply for
the geant or renewal of any heence for music or dancing, under statute.
the 25th Geo. H1., cap. 36 -except in the case of a transter of any ficence
as hereafter mentioned), must, two calendar months at the least
before sonday, the 13th of October next, which will be the commence¬
ment of the next Michacimas Quarter Session, cause a notsce in the
undermentioned form to be affixed upon the outer door or other con¬
spicuous part of the premises sought to be licensed, and upon the outer
door of the police station, or other place of confinement in the parish
in whick such premises shall be situate, and stall also serve copies of
such notice upon each of the churchwardens and overseers of the same
parssh, and also upon the merk to the vest y or guardians of the nnion
or parisn in which the house is situate, with the view to such notice
being affixed in the entrance-hall or some conspicuous part of the
building in which the meetings of such vestry or guardians are heid,
and must alse give two calendar monthis' notice at least before the
said 13th day of October next to me, at the Sessions-house, Clerken¬
well, and to the Clerk of the Petty Sessions of the division wherein
the premises are situate, of their itended application.
In every case where any person having a music or dancing licence
shall transter his premnses to any other person, such incoming tennnt
may give one calendar month's nouce, instead of two calendar months.
Form of Notice.
of, do hereby give notice, that 1 intend to apply, under
the provisions of the statute 25 George 11., cap. 36, at the next
Michaclmas Quarter Sessions for the county of Middlesex, to be
holden at the Sessions-house, Clerkenwell, on the 13th day of October,
1879, for a licence for (here insert the particular sort or sorts of public
entertamment for which th licence is required), to be carried on
within the house or premises situated at in the parish of
and know by the name of (as the case may be), and now in my occu e
patid
Lated the day of 1879.
bignature0
And notice is hereby given, that every person presenting a petition
against the grant or renewsl of a licence must leave with me, at the
Sessions-house, Clerkenwell. 14 clear days before the said 13th Octo¬
ber, a copy of such counter petition, for the inspection of the party
upplying for such grant or renewal.
And that every appheant for a licence is required to attend the
Court personally on the 16th day of October next, which will be the
day for granting licences, untess a reason satisfactory to the Court
shall be assigned for his absence.
RICHARD NICHOLSON, Clerk of the Peace.
Sessions-house, Clerkenwell, 14th July, 1879.
ANIGHTSBRIDGE and other CROWN LANDS.
—Notice is hereby given, that a BILL under the above short
the nas been introduced into Parliament, and is now pending in the
House of Commons, whereby, amongst other things, it is proposed to
vest or authorize and provice for toe vesting in the Metropolitan
Board of Works, for the consideration and subject to the reservations
and conditions therem specilied, of a strip of land adjoming the
Knightsbridge Barracks, in the county of Middlesex, or all the estate,
right, and interest of Her Majesty therein, to be appropriated and
land out in widening and improving the Knightsbridge-road, and
forming a public footpth next the new frontage line of the said
barracks, and to sanction an arrangement between the Commissioners
of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues and the said
Board for effecting the objects aforesaid, and otherwise provide for
carrying the same into full and complete effect. —Dated July 18, 1879.
A. K. STEPHENSON, Sol-citor to the Treasury.
J. EUSTACE GRUBBE, 7, Great George-street, West¬
minster Parlamentary Agent.
UNDOWED SCHOOLS ACTS, 1869, 1873, and 1874.
—In the Matter of the Foundation at Deptford, known as Dean
STANHOPES SCHOOL.—A SCHEME relating to the above named
Foundation has been submitted by the Charity Commissioners to the
Committee of Council on Education; and notice is hereby given.
that during one month from the date of the first publication hereof,
the Comittee of Council on Education will, in pursuance of section
13 of the Endowed Senoois Act. 1873, receive objections or sugsestions
made to them in writing respecting such Scheme. Copies of the
Scheme, price threepence each, may be obtained from Mr. Broding,
High-Street, Deptford; Mr. J. D. Smith, Deptford-bridge; or from
the Secretary, Charity Commission, Whitehall, London, S.W
(Signed) PATRICK CUMIN, Astistant-Secretary.
Education Department, 11th July, 1879.
INDOWED SCHOOLS ACTS, 1869, 1873, and
1874.—In the matter of the FOUNDATION known as HULME's
CRARITY, otherwise the Estates nevised by Wibliam Hulme, Esq.—
A SCHEME relating to the above named Foundation has been sub¬
mitted by the Charity Commissioners to the Commitree of Council
on Education; and notice is hereby sgiven, that during one mot th
from the date of the first publication hereof the Committee of Coun¬
cil on Education will, in pursuance of section 13 of the Endowed
Schools Act, 1873, receive abjections or suggestions made to them in
writing respecting such scheme. Copies of the scheme, price 6d. each,
may be obtained from Messrs. Tayfor, Kirkman, and Colley, of 8. John
Daiton-street, Manchester; or from the Secretary, Charity Commis¬
sion, Whitehall, London, S.W.
(Signed) PATRICK CUMIN, Assistant-Secretary.
Education lepartment, 18 July, 1879.
ENDOWED SCHOOLS ACTS, 1869, 1873, and 1874.
—In the matter of the FOUNDATION to be established under
the name of HULME HALL, in the city of Manchester, a SCHEME
relating to the above named Foundation has been submitted by the
Charity Commissioners to the Committee of Council on Education,
and notice is hereby given, that, during one month from the date of
the first publication nereof, the Committee of Council on Education
will, in pursuance of Section 13 of the Endowed Schools Act, 1873,
receive object ons or suggestions made to them, in writing, respecting
such scheme. Copies of the scheme, price 6, each, may be obteined
from Messrs. Tayior, Kirkman, and Colley, of 8, John Dalton-street,
Manchester; or from the Secretary, Charity Commission, Whitehall,

(Signed) PATRICK CUMIN, Assistant Secretary.
Rducation Lepartment, 18th July, 1879.
CORPS of COMMISSIONAIRES.—The Adjutant
is able to RECOMMEND married and single COMMISSION¬
AIRRS for neany every variety of duty, including that of Ccrks,
Tunekeepers, Porters, Messengers, Watchmen, Hospital Attendants,
and occasionally also for the different branches of domestic service.
These men may be engaged by the cay, week, or mouth, either in
town or country, and their honesty, sobriety, and strict attention to
the interests of their employers is guaranteed. The rate of pay varies
from 20s. upwards, and is fixed according to the qualifications of the
Commissionaire and the occupation for which he is required.
Owing to the termination of the London season several serjeants
who are about to completo their temporary engagemenss will be nis¬
engaged, and the attention of hotelkeepers and employers in general
requiring men for short periods is specially directed to this circum¬
Stance.
The Adjutant will be happy to show his latest return from em¬
ployers respecting the men in their service, and is happy to state that
out of 500 replies to a very stringent form of inquiry, there are not
half a dozen which are not in the highest degree satisfactory.
Men employed in domestie service can wear plain clothes

Head-quarters of the Corps, 419, Strand, W.C.
COFFEE PUBLICHOUSE ASSOCIATION.—Prize
'ssay.—The prize of £200 has been awarded to the Rev. W. Cun¬
ningham, M.A., Triniy College, Cambridge. See COFFEE PUBLIC¬
HOUSE NEWS for July. Post free 174d.—S. W. Partridge and Co.,
No. 9, Paternoster-row, E.C.
DECORATIONS.—RECIPIENTS of FOREIGN
ORDERs or M.DALS not mentioned in Army, Navy, and Civil
Lists or Reference Books will oblige by CONMUNICATING if they
have not already done so, with Colonel Brine, R.E., at 45, Victoria¬
street. Westminster, where his collection can be seen.
ANNUAL HOLIDAY. Messrs. TRELOAR and
SONS, Manufacturers of Coccanut Fibre Mats and Matting and
of Lioleum Floorcloth, importers of Eastern Carpets and Rugs and
of all Materials for Floor Decoration, beg to give notice, that their
ESTABLISHMENT, 69, Ludgate-hill, will be CLOSED on SATUR¬
DAY NEXT, the 26th instant, in order that their employés may
enioy their annual holiday togett
her as usual.
SPECIAL DISPLAY of ROSES.—PAUL and
SONs' unique COLLECTION is now in bloom. 12 acres in one
field. All the novelties.—The Old Nurserios, Cheshunt, one mile from
the Cheshunt Station of Great Eastern Railway.
WACHT (YAWL) for SALE, 13 tons, coppered and
copper fastened, patent water-cleset, well-fitted cabin, with good
head room; good inventory; good sea boat, remarkably stiff and
tight. Apply to Mr. John Nicholls, 29, Bugle-street. Southampton.

MACHT (10-ton CUTTER, for SALE or HIRE,
clench built, fast sailer, first class sea boat, good cabin and
forecastle, thoroughly equipped in every respect. Ready for sea.
Cheap. Owners going abroad. Particulars and inventory on applica¬
tion to R. H. M., 10, Academy-street. Montrose, N.B.
EXCURSIONS UP the RIVER.—AMAZON, 55ft.;
Atalanta, 50ft.; Electra, 42ft. open. These launches are fitted
up with every convemence for pienies, having spacious saloons aft,
and awnings, &c. Carrying from 20 to 30 persons comfortably. Terms
five guiess per day including all working expenses. Apply to C. and
A. Burzoine, Boat Builders, Hampton-wick, and High-Street, Kings¬
ton on-Thames.
MAGNIFICENT DEER FOREST to be LET.—The
DEER FOREST of the BLACK MOUNT, in the possession of
the Right Hon. the Earl of Dudley, is to be LET, for the regson, with
keepers, gillies, horses, ponies, carts, boats, nets, &c., all complete.
Excellent and commodious lodge, suitable for a large establishment.
Apply to Mr. Watson Lyad, Sportsman's Guide Shooting and Fishing

MOORS, Forests, and Fishings.—EDWARD PATON
and SON, Gun and Rifle Manufacturers, beg to announce that
LFIFTH LIST, which contains particulars of the best SHOOT.
INGS to be LET in Scotland, is now published, and will be for¬
warded nost free on application; and as a large majority of the hest
places on this list have been inspected by them, they can afford sports¬
men fullest and most ample details, Rents from £30 to £5,000.
E. P. and S., having regularly inspected Scotch shootings for 20 years,
possess an intimale knowledge of a very large number, and a most
comprehensive knowledge of the country. Address 108, Mount-street,
Grosvenor-square. London. W.; and 44, George-street, Perth, N.B.
