G. H., who left C. on Saturday, the 24th of
January, is earnestly entreated to WRITE to J. W. P., when
nasters cau be amicably arranged. His mother is greatly distressed.
C. B. to J. B.—Many thanks for your welcome letter
and enclosure. I shall be very glad to hear again. One quarter¬
day has passed since we met, and another is coming on. I am better,
but cannot get quite well. Yours ever. C.—Feb. 7.
FIDES (Moor L IV).—The PAPER will REACH
BYOU on Wednesday morning. Nothing) definite as yet in the
matter to which you refer. The J—question is settled, but I feel
that had not circumstances interfered with my intentions last week, or
could I have been within reach of consultation with you on Wednesday
last, the result might have been very different; as you say, "Great
things hang upon small." Many thanks for the enclosure.
LOST, on the 5th instant, between Charing-cross and
Regent-circus, Oxford-street, a BUNCH of KEYS. Whoever
will bring the same to Messrs. Woodhead and Co., 44, Charing-cross,
shall receive 10s. reward.
LOST, on Jan. 29 (supposed on the Dover and
Chatham Railway), a BROWN VELVET BAG, containing a
crimson silk workbag, and some papers of no value save to the owner.
Whoever will bring it to Beckenham Station on the aforesaid line, or
to 6, Well-Street, Jermyn-street, shall receive FIVE SHILLINGS
REWARD.
TWO POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on Friday last,
an ALBERT CHAIN, with seals and blue cross attached. To be
brought to Mr. Crux, Argyle Arms, Argyle-street, Oxford-street.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a DARK
BLUE LOCKET, with gold edge, containing photograph. Ad¬
dress Morean's, stationer, 2, Queen's-road, Bayswater.
IF JEREMIAH THOMAS WILDING, who left
the town of Woolwich, in Kent, in or about the year 1828, and who
for some time afterwards resided in the island of Jersey, will apply to
Mr. William Farnfield, solicitor, 13, Rectory-place, Woolwich or to
Messrs. Wake and Farnfield, No. 11, Crooked-lane, King William¬

aonon, he will HEAR of SOMETHING to his AD¬
VANTAGE.
RICHARD ROSTRON and Co.—All holders of the
acceptances of the above firm, who have not yet proved upon
their estate, are requested to send their CLAIMS to Broome, Child,
Murray, and Co., accountants, 104, King-street, Manchester.
NOTICE.—The Habana Cigar Company CAUTION
all persons from assuming or using the name of the Habana
Cigar Company, or any colourable imitation thereof, as proceedings
will be taken by injunction in Chancery; and they respectfully inform
the public that their only establishments are at 43, Pall-mall, and
No. 104. Cheapside.
LOUIS SILBERBERG, Manager.
ALLEGED SECOND-HAND SAFES.—Any PER¬
SON or PERSONS having recently PURCHASED from furni¬
ture brokers or dealers in second-hand FIRE-PROOF SAFES, any
such safes which were stated to be of Chubb's make, will oblige by
COMMUNICATING with Messrs. Robinson and Hine Haycock,
No. 32, Charterhouse-square, solicitors to Messrs. Chubb and Son.
SIMPSON v. WILSON.—MAGENTA DYE (MED¬
LOCK's PATENT).—Notice.—The Lord Chief Justice of the
Court of Queen's Bench has determined, in consequence of the pressure
of business, that this cause shall stand over until the sittings after next
term. The public are in the meantime warned against dealing with
persons pirating this patent, as the plaintiffs will proceed against all
parties concerned in doing so whether as makers, consumers, sellers,
or buyers. HENRY and FRED. CHESTER, Plaintiff's Attorneys.
February 5, 1863.
TO JOSEPH ADOLPHUS, formerly of Sunbury,
in the county of Middlesex, but late of No. 74, rue St. Lazarre,
in the city of Paris, in the Empire of France, surgeon.—Take notice,
that a CITATION, bearing date the 4th day of July, in the year of
our Lord 1862, was issued under the seal of Her Majesty's Court for
Divorce and Matrimonial Causes at the instance of Isabella Mary
Adolphus, late of Sunbury aforesaid, and now of 15, Park-crescent,
Stockwell, in the county of Surrey wife of you the said Joseph
Adolphus, citing you to appear in the said Court within eight days of
the service thereof, then and there to answer her petition filed in the
said Court praying for a dissolution of her marriage with you : and
such citation contains an intimation that, in default of your so doing,
the said Court will proceed to hear the said petition proved in due
course of law, and to pronounce sentence thereon, your absence not¬
withstanding. —Dated this 6th day of February, in the year of our
Lord 1863.
A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
WM. FRAS. LOW, 67, Wimpole-street, Cavendish-square,
in the county of Middlesex, Petitioner's Solicitor.
MERSEY DOCKS and HARBOUR BOARD.—
Transit Sheds, Prince's Dock (Warehouses).  Whereas, the fol¬
lowing Goods, namely;—M C S 176-225, 50 boxes Bacon were lately
imported from New York by the steamship or vessel called the
PLANTAGENET, into the port of Liverpool, and on or about the 4th
day of November last, were warehoused in the transit sheds, Prince's
Dock (warehouses), in Liverpool, belonging to the Mersey Docks and
Harbour Board; and whereas notice in writing has been given to the
said Board by the master, owner, or charterer of the said vessel, or
other person interested in the freight of such vessel, from or out of
which the said goods have been so warehoused, to detain and keep
such goods in the said warehouses until the claim or lien for freight to
which the same are subject and liable shall have been duly paid or
satisfied, or until deposit shall have been made by the owner or con¬
signee of such goods, equal in amount to the demand for or on account
of such claim or lien for freight upon the same goods; and whereas no
auch deposit was made within 90 days next after the said goods were so
warehoused, as aforesaid, and notice of the non-payment of the freight
in respect of such goods having been duly given to the said Board, and
the owner or consignee of the goods not being known, notice is hereby
given, that the sum of £36 0s. 9d. has been claimed for freight in respect
of the said goods; and that after the expiration of 10 days next after
this notice, the said Board intend to SELL all such GOODS, or such
portion thereof, as shall in their judgment be sufficient to pay and
satisfy the duties payable to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Cus¬
toms (if any) in respect of such goods, and the rates, rents, and charges
payable to the said Board in respect thereof, and the expenses of the
said sale, and the freight to which the same goods may be subject or
ry,1863.
liable. —Dated this 6th day of Febr.
By order,	 JOHN HARRISON, Secretary.
LAMBETH-BRIDGE IS OPEN for all traffic, from
foot passengers to heavily-laden waggons. Lambeth-bridge gives
the most direct route from Belgravia, Chelsea, Pimlico, Victoria station,
and the south-western districts, to the city (by Blackfriars or London
bridge), the Waterloo and London-bridge stations, Southwark, and all
the eastern and Kent districts.
SCHOOL for the INDIGENT BLIND, Southwark.
—In consequence of the usual Concert-day falling on Ash Wed¬
nesday, there will be NO PUBLIC PERFORMANCE of Sacred Music
on the third Wednesday of this month. The Next Public Concert will
take place at the School on Wednesday, March 18th, 1863.
T. GRUEBER, Secretary.
THE QUEEN's (WESTMINTER) RIFLE
VOLUNTEERS (PIMLICD DIVISION).—The ANNUAL
GENERAL MEETING of the Members of this Division will be held
at the Armoury, in rear of Head Quarters (entrance in Eccleston-place),
THIS DAY, the 9th of February, 1863, at 8 o'clock p.m. precisely.
ALFRED SWIFT, Hon. Sec.
Head Quarters, 29, Upper Belgrave-place. Pimlico, S.W.
RECRUITING.—First Middlesex Engineer Volun¬
teers: Head-quarters, South Kensington Museum.—RECRUIT¬
ING is now OPEN in the above corps up to the 28th February, 1863.
Uniform scarlet, facings blue. MacLeod of MacLeod, Lieut.-Col.
Commanding. Apply, by letter or otherwise, to Sergeant-Major Carlin,
No. 25, Whitchead's-grove, Brompton, S.W.
BAZAAR.—Queen's Concert Rooms, Hanover-square.
20th Middlesex Rifle Volunteers.—A BAZAAR, under dis¬
tinguished patrohage, in AID of the BRASS BAND FUND, will be
held on Wednesday and Thursday, 11th and 12th February. Tickets, 1s.
each, to be had of the principal musicsellers; at the Hanover-square
Rooms; and of Capt. Conran, Hon. Sec., Head-quarters, 239, Euston¬
road. Contributions will be thankfully received by any member of the
Committee.
ROYAL SCHOOL of MINES, Jermyn-street.—
The following COURSES o LECTURES are about to be COM¬

Thirty Lectures on Physics, by Professor Tyndal, F.R.S.; to be deli¬
vered on every week day but Tuesday, at 10 a.m., commencing on 16th
February. Fee for the course, £3.
Thirty-six Lectures on Applied Mechanics, by Professor Willis,
M.A.. F.R.S.; to be delivered on every week day but Saturday, at 12,
commencing 16th February. Fee for the course, £3.
Thirty Lectures on Geology, by Professor Ramsay, F.R.S.; to be
delivered on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays, at half¬
past 1, commencing 16th February.
Fee for the course, £3.
TRENHAM REEKS, Registrar.
GRAND NATIONAL EXHIBITION of SPORT¬
ING and other DOGS, under the immediate patronage of the
Nobility and Gentry, including—
The Most Noble the Marquis of
The Rev. Thomas Pearce

Henry Brown, Esq.
The Rignt Hon. the Earl of Eglin¬
Henry Gilbert, Esq.

J. Farrer, Esq.
The Right Hon. the Earl of
J. T. Riley, Esq.
Coventry
Wm. Bishop, Esq.
The Right Hon. the Earl of
H. D. Miles, Esq.
Buchan
John A. Handy, Esq.
The Right Hon. the Earl of Stam¬
J. S. Bland, Esq.
ford and Warrington
Fredk. White, Esq.
The Right Hon. Viset. Ranelagh
Chas. Smith, Esq.
The Right Hon. Lord Wharncliffe Edgar Smith, Esq.
The Right Hon. Lord Fitzhardinge
T. Wootton, Esq.
The Right Hon. Lord George
B. Potter, Esq.
Loftus
W. Watts, Esq.
The Right Hon. Lord Probyn
R. Garth, Esq.
Sir Robert Hamilton, Bart."
C. Musters, Esq.
Sir Charles Aldis
W. Hughes, Esq.
Major-General W. J. Phillips
Edwards, Esq.
Genesal W. M. Run s ..
W. Bishop, Esq.
Colonel Brownlow Knox
W. Adye, Esq.
Colonel M. Martyn.
E. R. Clarke, Esq.

Francis Morgan, Esq.

W. G. T. Newton, Esq.
will be held at the Ashburnham-hall, King's-road, Chelsea, adjoining
Cremorne, on Monday, March 23, and five following days. £1,000
prizes will be given away.
Ladies and gentlemen who intend sending their dogs to compete for
the prizes can be furnished with a prospectus, and form of entry to
ill up.
Terms:—Subscribers of two guineas will be entitled to 12 tickets of
admission, and to the subscribers' marquee; subscribers of one guinea,
six tickets of admission, and to the marquee ; and a churge of 2s. 6d.
for each dog exhibited; non subscribers—an entrance fee of 5s. each
dog. Messrs. Ransom, Bouverie, and Co., bankers, Pall-mall east, will
receive subscriptions and pay awards. Subscriptions can be sent either
in postage stamps or post-office orders, payable to E.T. Smith, at the
Charing-cross office.
Special Notice.—The Grand Hall will be enlarged; the beautiful
stercorama will be lighted up and thrown into the promenade ; an ele¬
gant marquee will be erected for ladies and subscribers; and for the
health of all the dogs, the proprietor has given a paddock of
six acres for the exercise and trial of them—the only large building in
England where a paddock is annexed for the convenience and comfort
of the exhibitors' dogs. For ladies' and gentlemen's toy dogs, the gen¬
tlemen on the Committee have arranged that they should be separated
from the larger dogs; and for the convenience of ladies and gentlemen
a large, commodious, detached, well-ventilated building will be devoted
to the exhibitors of these little pets. Hy. Brown, and Hy. Gilbert,
Esqs, have kindly consented to take the entire charge of these favourite
animals.—E. T. SMITH, Proprietor, Ashburnham-hall, King's-road,
Chelsea (adjoining Cremorne).—Offices, 18, Pall-mall east.
PARIS PERMANENT UNIVERSAL EXHIBI¬
TION.—The construction of the building specially designed for
this Exhibition is already far advanced, and is rapidly progressing
Intending exhibitors are reminded that SPACE will be ALLOTTED
according to priority of application. Forms of agreement, and full in¬
formation may be obtained, and a recently printed list of those who
have engaged space may be inspected, at the offices of Messrs. J.
STUDDY, LEIGH, and Co., agents for Great Britain, Ireland, and
the colonies, 27, Leadenhall-Street, London, E.C.
WALENTINES.—A large and select assortment of
sentimental and comic VALENTINES. N.B. A great variety
carefully selected for children.—FORES, stationer, 42, South Audley¬
sasessasssns.
WALENTINES, of the newest and most beautiful
desigus (all exquisitely perfumed), from 6d. to five guineas, may
be selected from the largest, best, and cheapest stock in the world, at
SOWLES's, 224, High Holborn, and 73, Mark-lane, London. A neat
and pretty valentine sent post free for 7, 14. 26, or 32 stamps.
WALENTINES.—The unequalled collection of
VALENTINES, at BEBBINGTON's, 426, Strand. New comic—
Modern Courtship; Barkis is Willing; Bachelors' Comforts; Old
Maids' Comforts. Exquisite designs, from 1s. to 3 guineas. Children's
comic valentines, &c.—426, Strand; and 4, Piazza, Covent-garden.
WALENTINES, in endless variety, from 1s. to
12s. 6d. each; or Children's Valentines, from 2d. to 9d. each.
N.B. Mr. JOHN JERRARD has his immense stock admirably ar¬
ranged to facilitate the purchaser in making choice, as the different
prices are kept in separate boxes, which are kept open for selection.—
London, 172, Fleet-street, E.C.
THE PRINCE of WALES VALENTINE will be
out on the 9th, by order of DEAN and SON, 11, Ludgate-hill,

THE VALENTINE of the SEASON. —Post free for
 stamps, the ETIQUETTE of COURTSHIP and MATRI¬
MONY, with a Complete Guide to the Forms of a Wedding. W. Kent
and Co., 23, Paternoster-row, E.C.
SWEETHEART for 1s.—RIMMEL's NEW
VALENTINES, the "Sweetheart," delightfully scented, and
the "Floral Valentine," made from natural flowers perfumed, price
1s. each; or free by pest for 14 stamps. Sold by all the trade. —Rim¬
mel, perfumer, 96, Strand, 24, Cornhill, and Crystal Palace.
THOUSANDS of VALENTINES at WHIBLEY's.
Beautifully worked and chaste valentines, post free, for 13, 18, 24.
30, 42, or 60 stamps. Floral valentines, perfumed, for 30, 42, 60, or 90
stamps. Moveable, comic, and children's valentines, post free, for
seven stamps. Orders by letter despatched per next post.—Whibley's
warchouse, 2, Westbourne-place, Bishop's-road, W.
