J. B. and S. S. are quits.
THE END of the WEEK will suit best. If not, wills
write again.—R. K.
MR. OROURK, late of New-street, Covent-garden,
will greatly oblige an old pupil by SENDING his ADDRESS to
G. P., 9, Page-street, Westminster.
THE YOUNG LADY, who left 4, Cecll-street,
Strand, for Cardiff, on the 30th June last, is earnestly requested
to WRITE, immediately, to her nearly broken-hearted mother.
SHOULD this MEET the EYE of Mr. J. R. HOLT
late of Kilburn, he is earnestly requested to CALL, immediately,
on his friend in the Wandsworth-road, who is about to leave England.
IF a gentleman named CHARLES COURTENEY
is now in England, let him TELEGRAPH directly to 215, Totten¬
ham-court-road, where a friend is waiting. If you are presently en¬
gaged in business send the address of a banker who communicates
with one in Paris, rue Goujon.
H. C. C. is requested to COMMUNICATE with his
parents immediately. All will be forgotten.
MISSING, since the 13th inst., a YOUNG GEN¬
TLEMAN, about 18 years of age, very tall of his age, slim
figure, fair complexion, slight impediment in speech when flurried;
linen marked "J. C. C." or a name in full. Any person giving such
information as shall lead to his discovery shall receive TWO GUI¬
NEAS REWARD on application to Mr. Wallis, 20, Cowley-street,
Westminster.
MISSING, since July 13, from Wimbledon-com¬
mon, a BOY, age 17, defective speech through paralysis, dressed
in corduroy trousers, nailed Blucher boots, shepherd's plaid waistcoat,
dark mixture coat with outside pockets, and cloth cap, with his address
written inside, W. Hurry, London-road, Kingston, and black leather
band round the same. Any information will be thankfully received by
the following persons:—Mrs. Alliston, 6, Acorn-place, Camberwell;
Mr. J. Woolcott, 88, Lower East Smithfield; Mr. H. Thomas, King's¬
place, Crosby-row, Borough.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—Whereas, DONALD
FRASER MUNRO, late Chief Booking-Clerk at the London
Terminus of the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway, has
ABSCONDED, after stealing the sum of £240, the moneys of his em¬
ployers, the said London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Com¬
pany, notice is hereby given, that the above reward will be paid by
Mr. R. R. Sadler, solicitor, 28, Golden-square, to any person giving
such information as shall lead to the apprehension and conviction of
the said Donald Fraser Munro. Information to be given to the De¬
tective Departments of the Metropolitan and City Police, or to any
police station in the United Kingdo
.
LOST, on Monday, between Twickenham and Bryan¬
ston-square, a DIAMOND HEART LOCKET, with emerald
centre and diamond bow. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. C. F.
Hancock, 39, Bruton-street, shall be handsomely rewarded.
LOST, on Monday, the 15th, on the Wellington
Barracks grounds, a small GOLD CHAIN, with a locket, seal,
&c. Whoever will bring the same to 6, Eaton-place west, shall receive
the REWARD of ONE GUINEA.
LOST, on Friday, the 12th, a small GOLD BROOCH
(with turquoises). Supposed to have been dropped either in the
Zoological-gardens, or between that place and Oxford-street. Whoever
will bring the same to Mr. Robson's, bookseller, 64, Edgware-road, shall
be well REWARDED.
LOST, on the 17th inst., supposed to be either in an
omnibus in the Strand or on the South-Western Railway, be¬
tween the hours of 1.15 and 2.30, a PURSE, containing 20 sovereigns
and some silver. Any person bringing the same to Mr. Polley's, book¬
seller, Wandsworth, shall be most liberally REWARDED.
LOST, FIVE BONDS of the MICHIGAN
CENTRAL RAILROAD COMPANY of the United States
of America, numbered 429, 430, 919, 972, and 2,536, of £1,000 each,
payable 1st September, 1869. All persons are hereby warned against
negotiating these bonds, the payment of the same having been stopped.
A REWARD will be given on their being taken to Thomas Earp and
Son. Derby.
LOST, on Monday night, a GOLD BRACELET, in
a cab that took a fare from Cleveland-square to the corner of
Euston-square, or in one hired from the stand in Tottenham-court¬
road, returning to Cleveland-square, between 9 and 11 o'clock that
evening, or between the corner of Euston-square and Mr. Slater's, the
optician, in the New-road, or returning thence to Tottenham-court-¬
road. A liberal REWARD will be given to any one having found the
same, on delivering the bracelet at Mr. Simons's library corner of
Charles-street and Devonshire-place, Cleveland-square, Hyde-park.
LEFT, in a Hansom, on Thursday evening last, the
11th inst., in Kensington-garden-terrace, some MUSIC, con¬
sisting of a book and a few separate pieces. The cabman, taking the
same to Mr. Dean's library, Wilmot-street, Russell-square, will be
REWARDED.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
last, between Euston-square and the Great Northern Railway
Station, a BLACK DOG, of the Grayhound breed. Apply to Mr.
Mortimer, butcher, Kilburn.
TWO POUNDS REWARD. —DOG LOST—a Gray
Isle of Skye, limps with right hind leg, and answers to the name
"Rag." To be taken to the Phené Arms, Oakley-street, Chelsea.
No further reward will be offered.
TWO POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on the evening
of the 16th instant, in the neighbourhood of Bond-street, a
QUANDONG STONE BRACELET, set in gold; pattern vine-leaf.
Any person bringing the same to Maurigy's hotel, 1, Regent-street, St.
James's, shall receive the above reward, and thanks.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Mon¬
day last, 15th inst., supposed in the neighbourhood of Belgrave,
Portman, or Grosvenor squares, a CROCHET SILK PURSE, con¬
taining one note of £5—payment stopped at the Bank, and about £4
in gold, &c. The finder will oblige by returning it to E. B., 14A, Ports¬
down-road, Clifton-road, Maida-vale.
FOUND, a BLACK RETRIEVER DOG, at
Charing-cross. If not owned in a few days will be SOLD to defray
expenses. Apply to John Ryan. 21, New Church-court, Strand, W. C.
FOUND, on the evening of the 16th inst., in Gloces¬
ter-street, Pimlico, a PURSE. The owner may it on describing
it, stating the contents, and paying the cost of this advertisement.
Apply at 57, Glocester-street, Pimlico.
CAUTION to BANKERS, Money Changers, and
others.—Mr. A. S. BAUM, bullion merchant, of 44, Regent¬
cireus, Piccadilly, is instructed by Signor Bombrini, Director-General
of the National Bank of Sardinia, to CAUTION the public AGAINST
NEGOTIATING NOTES of that Bank for 50 lires, Serie P. Nos. 1 to
1,000, and dated 21st July, 1857; the notes having been stolen, signa¬
tures forged, and the dates altered from 21st July, 1859, to 1857.—
No. 44, Regent-circus, W., June 26, 1861.
ROYCE.—If the HUSBAND (Alfred or Albert) of
the late MARY ROYCE will apply by letter to Edward Johnson,
1. Surrey-terrace, New-cross, S.E., he will HEAR of SOME¬
THING to his ADVANTAGE, A reward will be given to any one
who will send information of the above.
NOTICE.—NEXT of KIN WANTED of Lieu¬
tenant-Colonel JAMES ROBINSON, deceased, late a lieutenant¬
colonel in the Honourable East India Company's Artillery, Bengal
Establishment, who died in the year 1805. Apply to Messrs. Broderips
and Wilde, 9, New-square, Lincoln's-in
JOHN SMITH lately of the Cricketers, Hounslow,
and formerly of the Rose and Crown, Thorpe-green, near Egham.
Notice is hereby given, that unless the PLATE deposited with Messrs.
Burnett and Co., of Vauxhall, by the said John Smith, as security for
his debt to them, is REDEEMED by payment of such debt within
three months from this date, it will be sold without further notice.
DENT's CHRONOMETERS, Watches, and Clocks.
—Caution.—Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery, on the 11th
uly, 1861, granted a perpetual INJUNCTION, restraining Henry
William Turpin, George Hathaway Turpin, and Adolphe Mosenthal
respectively, from manufacturing any watches marked with the name
of "Dent," and from selling or exporting, or causing to be sold or ex¬
ported for sale, any watches made and marked with the name of
Dent," by them or by their order or direction. Manufacturers and
hers are hereby cautioned against using the name or trade-mark of
"Dent."—M. F. Dent, 33 and 34, Cockspur-st., Charing-cross, London,
IN the COURT of BANKRUPTCY, London.—In
the matter of the Joint-Stock Companies' Acts, 1856 and 1857, and
in the matter of the DISTRICT SAVINGS BANK (Limited.)—Notice
is hereby given, that a PETITION has been this day presented in Her
Majesty's Court of Bankruptey, in London, by George Henry Law of
No. 17, Rochester-road, Camden New-town, in the county of Middle¬
sex, a shareholder and contributory of the District Savings Bank
(Limited), praying that the said Company may be wound-up by the
said Court, pursuant to the provisions of the Joint-Stock Companies
Acts, 1856 and 1857; and that such petition will, by order of the said
Court, be HEARD before Mr. Commissioner Fane, at the Court of
Bankruptcy, Basinghall-street, London, on Saturday, the 3d day of
August next, at 11 of the clock in the forenoon precisely. —Dated
this 15th day of July, 1861.
T. B. H. ABRAHALL, Registrar.
GIBBS and TUCKER, 17, Clement's-lane, city, Solicitors
for the Petitioner.
COUNTY REGISTRATION, 1861.—LIBERALS
who are qualified but not registered, and those who, being registered,
have changed their abode or qualification, are reminded that To-mor¬
row, the 20th of July, is the last day on which notices of claim can be
served on the overseers.
The following gentlemen, acting on behalf of the Liberal party in
the several counties named, will afford every assistance to claimants in
the Liberal interest free of charge.
For any county not included in the list application may be made to
Mr. Thomas Nicolis Roberts, Secretary, Liberal Registration Associa¬
tion, 43, Parliament-street, S.W.
Anglesea—J. Watkins Jones, solicitor, Beaumaris
Berkshire—Thomas Rogers, solicitor, Reading
Derbyshire (South)—Samuel Whitaker, 14, Irongate. Derby
Devonshire (South)—Brutton J. Ford, solicitor, Exeter
Durham (North)—John Watson, solicitor, Durham.
Essex (South)—Digby and Sharp, solicitors, 1, Circus-place, Finsbury¬

Flintshire—Edward Hutchfield, Greenhill, Holywell
Kent (East)— William Hall, 11, Coleman-street, London, E.C.
Kent (West
Middlesex—W. Albert James, 40, Parliament-Street, S.W.
Northumberland (South)—J. T. Hoyle, solicitor, Newcastle-on-Tyne;
Mather and Cockcroft, solicitors, Newcastle-on-Tyne.
Nottinghamshire (North)—Samuel Moore, solicitor, Nottingham
Surrey (East)—Thomas Wingham, 44, Borough-road, Southwark
Surrey (West)—John Wells, solicitor, 23, Percy-street, Bedford-¬
s
Warwickshire (North)—J. H. Merridew, 55, Ann-street, Birmingham
Wiltshire (South) Squarey and Whatman, solicitors, Salisbury
Liberal Registration Association Offices, 43, Parliament-street,
Westminster, S.W.
BURROW's LANDSCAPE-GLASSES.—Notice is
hereby given, that legal proceedings will be immediately taken
against all persons offering for sale field-glasses as and for the genuine
MALVERN LANDSCAPE-GLASSES, and the public are CAU¬
TIONED against buying such as do not bear the names of "W. and J.
Burrow, Great Malvern," in relief upon the evepieces, both of the 3¬
guinea and 6-guinea glasses.	WM. WILKES CAWLEY,
Solicitor for the said W. and J. Burrow.
Great Malvern, April 26, 1861.
BY SPECIAL DESIRE.—The GRAND EXIBI¬
TION o ARMS (from the Ancient Roman to the most modern
Arm, including the Armstrong Gun and Whitworth projectiles), at the
Royal Naval School, New-cross, will be kept OPEN THIS DAY and
to-mosrow, from 1 to 0 o'clock. Admission 1s.
CREMORNE.—SECOND PRIVATE FETE in
BEHALF of the SPITALFIELDS WEAVERS, Wednesday
next, July 24. Tickets (for vouchers) will be issued on and after Mon¬
day next, July 22, at Mr. Mitchell's library, 33, Old Bond-street. The
same series of attractions will be presented, commencing with the
Juvenile Entertainments, from half-past 5 to 7 o'clock; the General
Entertainments, from 8
to 12. Family juvenile tickets, admitting
four, at half-price. A list of the ladies patronesses may be obtained
at Mr. Mitchell's library.
CREMORNE ROYAL GARDENS.—Mr. E. T.
SMITH respectfully informs his friends, patrons, and the
public, that he has entered into a contract with Mr. Simpson for the
purchase of the above delightful gardens, and he commence
Tuesday, July 30th inst., which will be his OPENING NIGHT,
when he hopes to receive the same patronage and support that
for so many years has been bestowed upon Mr. Simpson. Mr. E. T.
Smith begs to state that there will be given Six Grand Fêtes during this
season, the first of which will take place on Monday, August 5th, when,
in addition to the numerous entertainments provided by the present
enterprising and indefatigable manager, a variety of amusements will
be added to the programme ; including Rowing Matches for Gentle¬
men, Amateur Scullers, for a Silver Cup, Two Watches, for a Purse of
Sovereigns for Watermen and Apprentices. A Grand Vocal and Instru¬
mental Concert, concluding with a Ball, under the direction of the
Prince George Galitzin, who has kindly consented to conduct the whole
of the musical entertainments on this Inauguration Fête and Gala;
the Bands of the Guards will be in attendance. The inimitable
Leotard will give two performances, one in the afternoon, and the
other at 11 o'clock; the grace and safety of these daring performances
have been the admiration of thousands of the nobility, and the wonder
of the million. The Female Blondin will make an ascent on a single
wire during the afternoon; also the Ballet and other entertainments,
concluding with a Grand Display of Fireworks. The gardens will be
most brillantly illuminated, and everything that can be done to wel¬
come the friends and patrons of the new proprietor will on this occasion
eclipse all former attempts. The liberal manner in which Mr.
Simpson has catered in the hotel department will be carried out by
Mr. Smith, who will continue what Mr. Simpson has previously done
for the comforts of his visitors and friends who have given preference
to these beautiful gardens as a suburban resort for dinners and suppers.
The wines and spirits will be of the first brand and quality, as also all re¬
freshments supplied to the Royal property. The doors will be opened
at 2 o'clock precisely. The sports will commence at 3 o'clock.
Admission, 1s.
NERLY-GARDENS TAVERN and HOTEL.
What Asr.
to Paris, so is Anerly to London. Successfully
revived by A. HINTON.
