E. F.—Eliza prays her brother to RETURN to his
dying mother, who asks for him repeatedly.
I F.—Your banker must communicate with vou
directly. Power not available, and matters require immediate
attention. Say where I can write you.
F.F.— What you ask for you shall have, on returning.
There is no reason for keeping away and nothing to fear. All
is arranged, waiting your return, after your illners. I implore you to
tome. WRITE and give address.—F. F.
L. L. W. affectionately entreats his brother, J. W. W.,
to WRITE, immediately, for his mother's sake, and that he may
sisted in his wishes.
NOTICE.—To Slaters and others.—INFORMA¬
ITION WANTED, as to the locality and address of DAVID
SHIRRA, slater, who resided in Edinburgh in 1858, and thereafter
went to London. Any particulars will be gladly received by Mr. C.
White, 18a, enen ae eseserer.,

WANTED, the PRESENT ADDRESS of Mrs.
MARY ANN DEEMING, widow, who formerly resided at
No. 11, Gloncester-square, Hyde-park. If Mrs. Deeming will commu¬
nicate with Walter Heard. Esq., of Rochester, New York, United
States, she will bear of something to her advantage.
JAMES BROOKS, deceased. — Notice. — JAMES
BROOKS, son of the late James Brooks, of Wick St. Lawrence,
in the county of Somersct, who left England some years since, and is


father's estate, is requested to make APPLICATION to the Trustees,
Mr. W. G. Hellier and Mr. James Court, or either of them, within 12
months from April 26th, 1870. If no application be received by the
trustees from the said James Brooks within the 12 months, the trustees
will divide his portion between the surviving brothers and sisters.—
Dated Wick St. Lawrence, Somerset, May 7, 1870.
THE COUNCIL of the ROYAL ASYLUM of ST.
ANNES SOCIETY gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT
of a DONATION of 20 guineas from the Worshipful Company of
Clothworkers,
Office, 41, ColSinan-street, E.C., 6th May, 1870.
ONE THOUSAND POUNDS REWARD.—The
ROBBERY of JEWELS from the house of Mr. W. B. Beau¬
mont. M.P.—Communications ontitling any person to the payment of
this reward may tbe made to Messrs. Lewis and Lewis, 10, Ely-place,
Holborn.
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, a BLACK
MEMORANDUM BOOK, old, filled with figures only. Of no
use whatever but to the owner. Apply at 15, Cornhill, E.C.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday,
May 6th, on the top of the John Bull omnibus which left Regent¬
circus about 10.45 p.m., a GREEN CATS-EYE BREAST PIN, set in
plain gold rim; supposed to have been dropped between Vere-street
and the Marble Arch, or dropped on the top of the omnibus. Whoever
takes the pin to Mr. Whitburns, 174, Regent-street, shall receive the
above reward.
FOUND, a PURSE of MONEY, in Regent-street,
on Saturday, 30th April, between 5 and 6 p.m. Owner to apply
at 33, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £51 16s. 8d. Consolidated £3 per
ent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of Ron. CECILIA
TURTON, wife of Captain Edmund Henry Turton, of Kilvington¬
hall. Yorkshire, and which was transferred to the said Commis¬
sioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed since the 5th July, 1859;—Notice is hereby given that,
on the expiration of three months from this date the said Stock will
be Transferred, and the Dividends thereou Paid, to Rt. Hon. Lady
Cecilia Mary Turton, wife of Captain Edmund Henry Turton, wh has
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
NORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—PARISH of ST. MARY, ISLINGTON.—I, the
undersigned J. H. Mitchiner Auditor of the above named district,
to hey give notice, that I have appointed the AUDIT of the AC¬
COUNTS of the above parish, for the half-year ended 25th March, 1870,
to commence on Monday, the 23d day of May inst., at 10 o'clock in the
ferenoon, at the Board-room, Liverpool-road, when and where all
persons who by law are bound to account at such audit are required to
attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers con¬
taining or rela ing to the accounts or to moneys assessed for, and appli¬
cable to, the relief of the poor.—Dated the 7th day of May. 1870.
J. H. MITCHINER. District Auditor.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the Conservators of the
RIVER THAMES having considered the objections and repre¬
sentations made to the PROPOSED BYE-LAWS, published in the
London Gazette of the 15th Frebruary, 1870, have determined to
ALTER the same, and in exercise of the powers vested in them by
the Thames Conservancy Acts, 1857 and 1864, and of every other power
them thereunto in anywise enabling, do accordingly order and direct as
follows:—
.I. The Second Rule or Bye-Law passed under their coporate seal
the 26th day of May, 1862, shall, after this present bye-law shall have
been approved in the manner required by the said Acts and shall have
come into force, be and the same is hereby repealed.
2. All barges, boats, lighters, and other light craft narigating the river
Thames between Staines and Yantlett Creek shall, when under way,
have at least one compstent person constantly on bpard for the navign¬
tion and management thereof, and all such craft of above 50 tons bur¬
den shall, when under way, have two competent persons on board for
the navigation and management of the same, with the following excep¬
tions:—when being towed by a steam vessel, or when being moved to
and fro between any vessels or places a distance not exceeding 200
yards; and in case of non-compliance with this present bye-law, any of
the harbour masters may take charge of and remove such craft to such
place as to such harbour master may seem fit, and the amount of the
charges and expenses of taking charge thereof and of such removal
shall be recoverable from the onner or owners or master thereof to
the use of the said Conservators, in the like manner as the penalties
imposed by the bye-laws of the 3 day of January, 1859, are recover¬
able.
3. Any person committing any breach of, or in any way infringing
this bye-law shall be liable to a penalty of, and shall forfeit a sum net
exceeding £5, which said penaity shall be recovered, enforced, and
applied according to the provisions of the said Thames Conservancy
Acts.
SOUTHWARK-BRIDGE COMPANY.—South¬
wark-bridge Transfer Act, 1865.—Notice is hereby given, that the
Transfer of the Southwark-bridge to the Corporation of the City of
London having taken place, in accordance with the provisions of the
said Act, and the several persons whose names are hereunder written,
who appear on the books of the Company to be registered proprietors.
not having claimed their respective shares or proportions of the pur¬
chase money under the said Act, they are requested forthwith to send
in their CLAIMS, together with their scrip certificates, to me, at the
Southwark bridge-office, 10, Queen-street-place, London.
and notice is hereby further given, that at the expiration of three
years from the 13th day of May, 1862, the said shares or proportions of
the purchase money payable under the said Act in respect of the shares
or capital of the Company stauding in the books of the Company in the
names hereunder written, and all dividends payable in respect of such
shares or capital, will be divided pro rata by the Directors of the Cor
pany among the remaining shareholders of the Company or tneir re¬
presentatives, in accordance with the provisions of the said Act.
W. L. HUNT. Secretary.
Name.
Address.
Abbey, Philip, deceased
Church-passage, Piccadilly.
(Elizabeth Dibb, wife of Fred.
Wm. Dibb, and Ann Parker,
spinster, administratricea de
bonis nom
Abbot, George.	Mark-lane, London.
Atkins, Anna.	St. Servan, Brittany.

Tower-street.

New-street, Bishopsgate.
Ford, James EdwardHackney.
Gibbs, William
London-road, Southwark.
Haydon (or Hayden), William
Wands.

Hodgson, Robert
32, Broad-street-buildings, London.
(Exix. Sarah Ann Hodgson)
Hood, NathanielGreenwich.
Julian, George	Allsop's-buildings.
Leigh, William
No address registered.


BOStOn.

Curtain-road.

Norton, Thos. Francis0

Nngent, John
Canterbury-buildings, Lambeth.
Rohinson, Samuel0 
Lothbury.
Rowcroit, ThomasLombard-street.
Savage, JohnGray's-inn-square.
Stockheld, Robert0
Millbank-street.
Swan. Henry 0 0 

Thornton, Thomas	.	..Greenwich.
Timbrell, William Hall0
Lewisham.
Turlington, Ann, deceased	.	Reading.
(Letitia Noble, executrix
Zenobia, Louis, Count
 S. Alban's-street, Middleser.
BLACKBORNE, in consequence of reports having
been circulated that he has retired from business, and of nume¬
rous inquiries an to the truth of the statement, feels it incumbent upon
him to state that all such reports are tolally without foundation; and,
while thanking the nobility and gentry for extensive and distinguished
patronage, takes the opportunity to assure them that their kind com¬
mands will continue to receive his personal and most assiduous atten¬
tion.—35, South Audley-street, May, 1870.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label, used so many years, signed
—
CAUTION.—JOHN WILLIAM ROPE, Cook and
Confectioner, 27 and 23, Hyde-park-place, W., near the Marble
Arch, begs to inform his patrous thas he has no connexion with any
other house of business in the same name.
CAUTION.—VOIGTLANDERS OPERA and
RACE GLASSES. The genuine bear the following inscription
on the slides—"Callaghan, sole agent, 23a, New Bond-street, corner of
Conduit-street. By appointment. N.B. Prices now reduced.
CAUTION.—CHUBB'S PATENT SAFES, (for
effectually securing books, deeds, cash, plate, and jewels, from
fire and burglars, can be obtained in London only, at Chubb and Son's,
No. 57, St. Paul's churchyard.
CAUTION. —Ladies are informed that the only bona¬
fide improvements in SIDE SADDLES for hunting, India, and
colonies, have been made and registered by Messrs. LANGDON, Duke¬
street, Manchester-square. London.
CAUTION.—HOWARDS PATENT EASY
CHAIRS and SOFAS. All of genuine manufacture have a label
attached, with number of patent and address of patentee, 25, 26 and 27,
Berners-street, Oxford-street, W., and Cleveland Works.
CAUTION.—PANCREATIC EMULSION and
PANCREATINE.—We hereby caution the public against in¬
ferior preparations of the above Medicines. Purchasers should sec
that each bottle bears our name and trade mark.
SAVORY and MOORE, 143, New Bond-street, London.
March, 1870.
CAUTION.—CHAVASSE and Co. are the sole
manufacturers of the American Dry Cold Air Ventilating Re¬
frigerators, the Star Washing Machines, and other best patented
American inventions for promoting economy, cleanliness, and comfort
in the household.—505, Oxford-street, W.C. (near Mudie's Library).
CAUTION.—The PATENT NORWEGIAN
SELF-ACTING COOKING APPARATUS and SIMPLE
REFRIGERATOR. Four prize medals. Sole Licensres and Manu¬
facturers, S. W. SILVER and Co., 2, 3, and 4, Bishopsgate within,
and 66 and 67, Cornhill, London, E.C. Works, Limehonse. E.
CAUTION.—Messrs. UNWIN and ALBERT, par¬
fumers to the Royal Family, 24, Piccadilly, caution purchasers of
AURICOMUS FLUID against imitations of their registered article,
for producing golden hair. Agent for America, H. Levy and Brother,
Maiden-lane, New York: Paris, Jones, Boulevard des Capucines
CAUTION.—The CISTERN and other FILTERS,
officially adopted by Government for the Royal Navy. Indien
Barracks, Military Stores, Iron-plated Troopships, Abyssinian Army,
Lighthouses, &c., and so highly recommended by Dr. Frankland during
the late visitation of cholera (see The Times, Oct. 24, 1866), can only
be oblained at ATKINS'S, 62. Fleet-street, London, E.C.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted and registered achromatic lenses should
apply only direct to them, at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
CAUTION.—Ice Safes or Refrigerators.—The new
DUPLEX REFRIGERATOR, combining every modern im¬
provement, registered 17th March, 1869.—Notice is hereby given, that
proceedings will be taken against any one INFRINGING upon the
Company's rights under the registration by the sole makers, the
WENHAM LAKE ICE COMPANY, 140, Strand, London, W.C.
CAUTION.—Patterns Free.—D. NICHOLSON and
Co, beg to inform their customers and ladies generally that from
them alone can PATTERNS of all the NEW SILKS, Cambries, and
Dress Fabrics be obtained, arranged in the new Registered Plan, by
which every pattern can be seen at a glance.—Nos. 50 to 52, St. Paul's
churchyard. Ladies are lovited to write for patterns.
CAUTION.—Betts' Patent Capsules.—The public
are respectfully cautioned that BETTS PATENT CAPSULES
are being INFRINGED by importations from abroad. Detts' name is
upon every capsule he makes for leading merchants at home and
abruad.—1, Wharf-road, City-road, London, April 8, 1868, and Bor¬

CAUTION.—LIGHT HICKORY CARRIAGES.
H. MULLINER Leamington Carriage Works, finds it necessary
to state that it was he who exhibited the very Lisht Hickory Phacton,
painted black and gold relief, and also the Light Hickory Whitechapel
Cart, at the Great Exhibition, Paris, 1857, and received the Prize
Medal for them. Also, that he has no other establishment them Lea¬
es
CAUTION.—The UNITED KINGDOM HAVANA
CIGAR ASSOCIATION, having discovered that cigars of infe¬
rior kinds are frequently sold as theirs, give notice that their regis¬
tered brands—Para la Nobleza, Bueno y Barato, Para Conccedores,
El Bocade Delicado, Mejor no Hay—can only be obtained of the accre¬
dited agents in the provinces, or at their offices, 75, Mark-lane, Lon¬
don. Anyone giving such information as shall lead to the conviction
of any person or persons vending spurious cigars purporting to be of

