A.—RITORNAe accordami almeno l'op¬
portunitt di parlarti.—A
E.—WRITE again. Letters of 25th February, 2d
March, just received as to Tee
PRICE, SEVENTY-TREE, CORNHILL.—A
TELEGRAM has been RECEIVED by Reuter's Telegram Com¬
pany (Limited), 5, Lothbury, E.C., from Melbourne, addressed as above,

MAMES BOYES HENDERSON, formerly of Stone¬
eil
blace, Camberwell, cive n,


n-stt, Camberwell, for his advantage
CHINA VASE.—The PERSON who BOUGHT ONE
with a eye and a French inscription, near Wardour-street, on
baturday, is requested to WRITE to W. F., 6. Lupus-Street, S.W.
MRS. ELIZA CHARLTON de SAINTONGE, nee
Collingwood, afterwards supposed to have married a person of
the name of Gaham, at Geelong.—If the above lady or her representa¬
tives will APPLY to the Rev. C. S. Collingwood, Southwick Rectory,

advantage. —Southwick, May 8, 1863.
LOST, on Thursday evening 21st inst., in Oxford¬
st.

Ne.
Whoeverw.

street, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST (TWO POUNDS REWARD), some DEEDS
and PAPERS, on Friday, the 22d inst., between Cheapside and
New-inn, Strand. Write to Y. Z., Mr. Miles', post-office, Grenville¬
street, Brunswick-square, W.C.
LOST. —Left in a water-closet at Bishopsgate Station,
Great Eastern Railway, on Saturday, 23d inst., a SMALL BOX,
containing a set a teeth, Who


LOST, on Friday, the 22d inst., a SKYE TERRIER
DOG, with long, low black body, short legs, and white chest.
Has a steel chain collar on, with name and address in full. Whoever
will take the same to 35, Rutland-gate, Knightsbridge, shall be hand¬
somely REWARDED.
LOST, on Wednesday, the 20th inst., in a Hansom
CAB, from the House of Commons to St. George's-place, a GOLD
RING—a snake, with head of diamonds and eyes of ruby. ONE
UND will be given to any one returning it to 12, St. George's-place,
Hyde-park-corner.
LOST, on Saturday evening, 23d inst., between
Hertford-street, Mayfair, and Muswell-hill, a BLACK TRA¬
VELLING BAG, containing ladies wearing apparel, toilet things, and
a gold watch and chain. The watch has the name of the owner inside.
Whoever returns this bag to 17, Hertford-street, Mayfair, shall be well
REWARDED.
LOST, a LETTER, dated April 2d, 1868, containing
a bill on Bank of England, London, to the order of Mr. John
Bell, dated April 2d. 1868, No. B4,126, for £50, addressed to Mr. John
Bell, Grand Hotel du Louvre et de la Paix, Marseilles. The finder, on
returning the same to Messrs. Bell, Brothers, Newcastle-on-Tyne will
be REWARDED.
GARVED SANDAL-WOOD FAN LEFT, last
Tuesday night, in a CAB which conveyed a lady from Connaught¬
place to Norfolk-terrace, Bayswater. Whoever will take the same to
Waters, librarian, 97, Westbourne-grove, shall be handsomely RE¬
WARDED.
TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, in
the High-street. Kensing
of "Snap." TAN ENGLESISH
TERRIER; answers to th e
oever will take the
same to 25, Upper Phillimore-gardens, Kensington, shall receive the
above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST, on or about
14th inst., between Grosvenor-square and the Kensington Museum
a MOURNING BROOCH, with name "Charlotte Gordon" on back, and
in front C. G., in seed pearls. Apply to J. W. Grover, Esq., 30, Duke¬
street, Westminster.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in a four¬
wheeled cab, a GOLD WATCH, with key attached, on Friday
night, the 22d of May. The cab was taken by two gentlemen from
No. 4, Cumberland-street. Hyde-park, to White's Club, St. James's¬
street. The above reward will be given by applying to the hall porter,
White's Club.
BRACELET DETAINED, when offered for sale.
The owner can have it by applying to Mr. Smart, bullion dealer,
, Harrow-road, Paddington.
FOUND, on the 19th, a large BLACK DOG. The
owner may have it by paying expenses.—27, Cirencester-street,
Harrow-road.
F the GENTLEMAN, who in the month of July,
1866, LEFT a GOLD WATCH and ALBERT CHAIN with Mrs.
Perr Princess of Wales, London-road, Southwark, does NOT call and
TAKE them AWAY before the 20th June next, they will be SOLD
ray expenses.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £63. Reduced £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of ANN LOVEDAY, of
Cheltenham, widow, and WILLIAM WINTERBOTHAM, of Regent¬
street, Cheltenham, gentleman, and whith was transferred to the said
Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends thereon having re¬
mained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1858:—Notice is hereby given
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to William
Winterbotham, the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and
ake out his claim thereto.
MASTER of the ROLLS. —Saturday, the 9th day of
May. 1868. —Charles Murphy, plaintiff, Robert Doughty, Margaret
Doughty, Henry Doughty, Anne Doughty, Julia Doughty. Sophia
Doughty, Isabella Doughty, Thomas Chambers, Harriet Chambers,
otherwise Doughty, his wife, and George Booker, defendants; and
revivor, John Murphy, executor of Charles Murphy, deceased, plaintiff,
same defendants.—Upon motion this day made to the Right Honorable
the Master of the Rolls; by counsel for the plaintiff, who alleged that
the plaintiff, Charies Murphy, filed his bill in this Court against the
defendants; that the said Charles Murphy having died, this suit was, by
order, dated the 22d day of April, 1868, ordered to stand revived at
the suit of the said plaintiff, John Murphy, against the said defendants;
that it appears by the affidavit of the plaintiff, John Murphy, filed the
7th day of May inst., that the defendant, Robert Doughty, has been
within the jurisdiction of this Court within two years next before the
filing of the said bill, and that all due diligence has been used to serve
the said defendant with a copy of the said bill, but without effect; and
that the said defendant is beyond seas, and that there is just ground
to believe that the said defendant, Robert Doughty, has gone out of
the realm, or otherwise absconded, to avoid being served with such
copy, and upon reading the said affidavit, as also the orders in this
cause, dated respectively the 27th day of February, 1868, and the 22d
—
ns
BOBERT DOUGHTY, do APPEAR to the plaintiff's bill, on or before
the 1st day of August next, and the plaintiff, John Murphy, is to cause
a copy of this order, together with a notice thereof, to the effect set
forth at the foot of the 29th of the General Orders of the 31st day of
October, 1867, in that behalf, to be inserted in the Dublin Gazette
within 14 days from the date hereof, and in The London Times, on or
before the 1st day of June next; and it is further ordered that a copy
of this order, together with a copy of the said order of the 22d day of
April, 1868, be served upon Margaret Doughty, the mother of the said
defen
ant, residing at Moate-house, in the county of tMeath,
within 14 days from the date hereof.
W. PETERS SMITH, A.R.
Notice.—Robert Doughty.—Take notice, that if you do not appear,
pursuant to the above order, the plaintiff may enter an appearance for
you, and the Court may afterwards grant to the plaintiff such relief as
he may appear to be entitled to on his own showing.
THOMAS EDMOND WRIGHT, Solicitor for Plaintiff,
No. 14. Upper Merrion-Street, Dublin.
OTICE is hereby given, th
t 1  13th day
APPLICATION will
a ae e,
made to Her Majesty's
Justices of
 Peace assembled at Quarte.
esions in and for the
county of Middlesx, at the Sessions-house at Clerkenwell-green.

aid.



PART of a certai
SGH ESE
O .


ning out of a certain public highway road called Hampstead
ne,
Highgate, in
 parish of Hornsey aforesaid,

said highway road called Hampstead-lane, in a north-easterly direction
towards North-hill, Highgate, in the said parish of Hornsey, as is here¬
inafter-mentioned (that is to say), so much of the said public highway
or footway as starting immediately from the said highway road called
Hampstead-lane runs over a private road there recently formed, and be¬
longing as to such part thereof to one William Piper, for a distance of
71 yards or thereabouts, thence turns in an easterly direction through a
gate or turnstile there into a field belonging to Charles John Bloxam and
John Bradley Dyne, and commonly known as the cricket field, then turns
again in a north-easterly direction and runs over the said field, com¬
monly known as the cricket field, for a distance of 132 yards or there¬
abouts, and then runs in the same direction as last-mentioned over
another field belonging to the said Charles John Bloxam and John
Bradley Dyne, and leased to the said William Piper for a distance of
100 yards, or thereabouts, to another part of the above mentioned
private road; but which part of the same road, though leased to the
said William Piper, belongs to the said Charles John Bloxam and
John Bradley Dyne, and then runs in the same direction as last men¬
tioned over the said private road at the part aforesaid leased to the
said William Piper, and belonging to the said Charles John Bloxam
and John Bradley Dyne as aforesaid, for a distance of 15 yards or
thereabouts, and for making in lieu thereof another good and suffi¬
cient highway or footway over land belonging partly to the said William
Piper, and partly (though leased to the said William Piper) be¬
longing to the said Charles John Bloxam and John Brad¬
ley Dyne, and now forming part of the private road above
mentioned; which said old highway and proposed new highway are
situate respectively entirely within the limits of Local Board for the
District of Hornsey, in the said parish of Hornsey; which proposed
new highway or footway will be more commodious to the public; and
that the certificate of two Justices, having viewed the same and the
proposed diversion and turning thereof, and of proof having been given
to their satisfaction of the several notices required by the statute
having been duly published, with the plan of the old and proposed
new highway or footway, and the consent of the respective owners of
the land over which the said proposed new highway or footway is in¬
tended to pass, will be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace for the said
county on or before the 6th day of June next. —Dated this 2d day of

(Signed)
S. HICKE
CHARLES TURNER,
GE e t
IL.S.)
T. A .
JOHN OAKESHOTT,

(Five of the member
oher e Lecal Board for the District o f Hor¬
Mid
sey, in the parish of Hornsey, in the e o
AaATo , o

ta S

sad District.)
ghways of

Dis
to on.

MOPPSTT

Clerk.
BUNENOSOE SAR I E
EAI  S EI
RNMENT CERTS S.
CATE.—
te nden

a o e
est

Messrs.


th at the IRON SAFES o

E E .HRUE 
and SON, London
which these gentlemen are

agents, were expoese ea
ao ho ours to the fire that took place in
ssse
linal dovernment on
me evening of the 26t.
instant; that in our presence they were easily opened with their re¬
spective keys; that the moneys¬
aoa ie ents
impot
Noe en
taine e   e e,
ain n in eie
or d e a h ed

use in the National Treasury o s feie.
(Signed) J. M. DRAGO (Treasurer of the National
Government).
JO.
OME

JUAN M. ALVAREZ.
Atrn,
Con
—A. M  .
Buenos Ayres, July 31, 1867.
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Quee¬
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONLY
ADDRESS is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—The CISTERN and other FILTERS,
officially adopted by Government for the Abyssinian army, the
iron-plated ships, barracks, military stores, &c., and so highly spoken
of by Dr. Frankland during the late visitation of cholera (see The
nes, Oct. 24th, 1866), can only be obtained at ATKINS's 62, Fleet-st.
CAUTION.—BETTS's PATENT CAPSULES.—
Capsules are being offered for sale made in contravention of
Betts's existing patent rights. The principal merchants of England
and France have Betts's name upon every capsule he makes for them.
Wharf-road, City-road, London; Bordeaux, France, April 8, 1863.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S, have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of
obtaining the genuine tinted lenses should apply only direct to them,
at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, opposite Crawley's Hotel.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHER's QUEEN's READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPIC LAMPS as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family. The public are cautioned against in¬
ferior imitations, M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-street, being
the sole inventer and manufacturer of these celebrated lamps. Draw¬
ings and prices post free.
CAUTION.—Ice Safes.—The WENHAM LAKE
ICE COMPANY give notice that every REFRIGERATOR, or
ice safe of their manufacture, bears their name and trade mark firmly

necessary in consequence of the numerous imitations of their refrige¬
rators of an inferior quality, got up and represented to be the same as
they sell. Sole office. Wenham Lake Ice Company, 140, Strand, W. C.
CAUTION.—The PISTON FREEZING MACHINE
and ICE COMPANY beg to inform the public that they have
taken over the ice business of the late George Simpson, including those
valuable patents. Ash's celebrated Piston Freezing Machine, Ash's
Filtering Ice Safes, &c. They further notify that the Company has no
agents, is totally unconnected with any other company, and that for
he future none of their patented articles will be supplied but from
the Comanys
315c, Oxford-street, near Harewood-gates.

CAREUNET.
ON.—Water Filtration.—To prevent

test eteted filter
general
to 
HELL PATENT CISTERN FILTER
(patent.
caled Sept. 29, 1863), which has superseded all others (vide Pro¬

ecmen
1860,insuring as it does a constant sup o
the peurest water without
filling or any at
to er e enn


ahn n e nend
nof the LONDONAndGENERAL WATER
PURIFYIN
ret.

COMPANY, 157, St.

house.
