 213 M. Feb. 9th or 10th.
L.A. M.—WRITE to your distressed mother,
.
Brighton.
C. thanks her unknown friend, and has received
E.
his gift in saiety.
NEAR NEIGHBOUR is sincerely THANKED
for her LETTER of Feb. 10. Mr. Walker requires further
details to enable him to avail himself of her information. He hopes
his "Neighbour" will not object to a private interview with Mr.
Walker's solicitor.—68, Cornhill.
THANKS for DONATIONS :—Newport; N.W.;
P., to free marriages fund. Rev. D.C.L.—"I suppose the object
is to free the solemnization from all charge. Is this so?"—Precisely.
500,000 pence required. Offerings invited. —Rev. E. Coke, St. James',
Bethnal-green
SCHOOL for the INDIGENT BLIND, St. George's¬
fields, Southwark.—The Secret
ACKNOWLEDGES, with
thanks, the DONATION of £5 from "M. N." It is particularly re¬
quested that all payments be by check or post-office order, payable to
the Treasurer or Secretary, and crossed "Bosanquet and Co., for Ac¬
count of the Blind School.
THOMAS GRUEBER, 5, Billiter-street, E.C.
ALBERT ORPHAN ASYLUM, Collingwood¬
court, near Bagshot, Surrey.—A friend has kindly OFFERED a
SECOND DONATION of £100, on condition that nine similar sums
are contributed. The £1,000, when made up, to be invested for the
permanent benefit of the Asylum The Committee earnestly APPEAL
for other contributions.—WILLIAM WILLIAMS, Hon. Sec.—
No. 6, Southampton-street, Bloomsbury-square.
LEFT her HOME, on Sunday, the 29th of
January, a YOUNG LADY, 15 years of age, of middle stature,
pale complexion, light brown hair, and dark blue eyes; wearing a brown
silk dress, gray cloth jacket, and violet velvet bonnet. Was last
seen at the Roman Catholic Cathedral, St. George's, Southwark,
on the above date, about 1 p.m., in company with a foreign looking
gentleman, having dark beard and moustaches. Information as to her
present whereabouts to be given to Mr. Pollaky, private inquiry office,
No. 13, Paddington-greet
EI
TY POUNDS R
WARD.—
ABSCONDED,
having embezzled the pea ris.
ands, EDWARD DAY S K L

late
lector of rates of the parish of St. Anne, Limehouse. He is
about 5 feet high, 45 years of age, complexion and
ai n nark, black
eyes, nowhish
taten thin face, short neck, high shoulders, and walks
trect. The above reward will
a e t an
cehension ann con
on
the said Edward Day Skillett.
Apply to Mr. Inspector Beare, K.
division, Poplar Police Station.—
ebruary.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.
—Small BLACK
and TAN TERRIER LOST, on Thursday last, in Westbourne¬
terrace. Answers to the e
p." Whoever will bring the
same to 4, Chepstow-villas, Notting-hill, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 8th
instant, between Whitehall and St. Swithin's-lane (supposed in a
four-wheeled cab), a GOLD PENCILCASE (Mordan's) and  SILVER
PENHOLDER, with gold pen. Whoever will bring the same to Mr.
Stokes, 2, Great Knightrider-street, Doctors'-commons, shall receive
the above reward.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—DROPPED, on the
evening of the 9th ult., either in getting into a carriage in Ken¬
sington-garden-square, or getting out of a carriage in Oxford-terrace,
close to Sussex-gardens, a GOLD CHAIN BRACELET, with a minia¬
ture of an old lady set in light blue enamel, with four rose diamonds.
If taken to 3, Kensington-garden-square, the above reward will be
paid.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—To Cabmen and
others.—LEFT in a CAB, which took a gentleman from Great
ower-street to Gordon-square, on Monday afternoon, January 30,
TWO BOOKS, tied up in a brown paper parcel. Whoever brings
them to 16, Gordon-square, W.C., shall receive the above reward.
Should anybody have opened the parcel, he may obtain a descrip¬
tion of the books upon writing to or calling at the above address. No
higher reward will be offered, as the books are not of any pecuniary
value.
FOUND, in the neighbourhood of Pall-mall, BANK
of ENGLAND NOTES. Applyito Messrs. Clifford, 18, Ryder-street,

SNUFF-BOX FOUND, in 4 Waterloo omnibus, on
the 2d inst. The owner may have it by applying to Samuel Smith,
jeweller, 12, Newington-causeway.
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.—An ADVER¬
TISEMENT having appeared in THE TIMES some time ir
either of the years 1856, 1837, or 1838, for the NEXT of KIN of
GEORGE SOWTON, a native of Devonshire, the above Reward will
be given for a COPY of the same. Apply B., news-office, 26, Half¬
moon-street, Piccadilly.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £25 2s. 8d. Consolidated
Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
EDWARD WINSTANLEY, of the Poultry, druggist, deceased,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of
the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th
January, 1855; Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of
three months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and
the Dividends thereon Paid, to William Wight, Jeremiab Glanvill,
and Emma Winstanley, spinster, the executors, who have claimed the
same unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his
claim thereto.
IF Mr. W. L. HOWARD, who left some WEARING
APPAREL, &c., at the Royal Hotel, Livernool, does not CLAIM
the same within seven days from date, they will be SOLD to defray ex¬
penses.—Feb. 13.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—BUTTONS that
never come off. The above will be paid for
FORMATION
leading to the conviction of parties INFRINGING BUSSEY's
PATENT. These buttons are applicable to trousers and gloves, they
are fixed at the rate of five per minute, are superior in appearance,
and never come off.—Patentees' depot, 482, New Oxford-street, W. C.
City depot, Rayne, Uphill, and Co., 3, Carey-lane, E.C. Agents and
Travellers Wanted.
MISSING FRIENDS, Next of Kin, &c.—PER
SONAL INQUIRIES made for MISSING FRIENDS, &c.,
abroad, through correspondents resident in all the chief towns in the
United States of America, Canada, Australia, and the other British
colonies. Or advertisements inserted in the nowspapers.—GUN and
Co., American and colonial agents, 17, Charlotte-street, Bedford-square.
NEXT of KIN.—Barker.—The NEXT of KIN of
J. BARKER, who died abroad in 1864, are requested to APPLY
to Mr. Greenwood, Treasury, London.—February 10, 1865.
NEXT of KIN.—Stubbs.—The NEXT of KIN of
J. STUBBS, who died abroad in 1864, are requested to APPLY
to Mr. Greenwood, Treasury, London.—February 10, 1865.
HEXT of KIN.—Bunting.—The NEXT of KIN of
R. BUNTING, who died abroad in 1864, are requested to APPLY
to Mr. Greenwood, Treasury, London.—February 10, 1865.
HEXT of KIN.—Fitspatrick.—The NEXT of KIN
of J. FITZPATRICK, who died abroad in 1864, are requested to
APPLY to Mr. Greenwood, Treasury, London.—February 10, 1865.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c.—An
Index to all persons advertised for between 1743 and 1865, 2s.,
post free 25 stamps.—HERBERT FRERES, 2, Marlborough-terrace,
Bridge-street, Battersea. Bank of England Unclaimed Dividends,
Treasury, Chancery, and all Foreign Stocks and Records Searched.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE (the
Principal Registry).—In the GOODS of WILLIAM FOX, de¬
ceased.To the NEXT of KIN, if any, and all persons in general.—
Take notice, that a CITATION has issued under seal of Her Majesty's
Court of Probate, dated the 15th day of December, 1864, whereby roe
are cited to appear within 30 days after the publication of this notice,
and accept or refuse letters of administration, with the will annexed,
of the personal estate and effects of William Fox, late of High-Street,
Woolwich, in the county of Kent, deceased, or show cause why the
same should not be granted to Alexander Roger Stark, a creditor of
the said deceased, with an intimation that, in default of your appear¬
ance, the said letters of administration with the will annexed, will be
granted to the said Alexander Roger Stark
A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
EDWIN HUGHES, Solicitor, 36, Old Broad-street, city,
and Woolwich, Kent.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—The GUSTAF.—No. 2,569.—Whereas a cause of neces¬
saries has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of England
on behalf of Thomas Barrol Phipson, of No. 12, Mark-lane, in the city

trading under the style of Phipson and Compar
founders
 t e
rchants, against the ship or vessel Gustaf, her tackle,
apparel, and furniture, and the freight due fo
the traspe

the cargo now or lately laden therein.
ae ereas the said vessel is
now lying in the West India Import Dock, Lond
under arrest
virtue of a warrant issued from the Registry of the said Court, and no
appearance has
nentered in the said cauee
This is to give notice

tiehaed
ta im to have any RIGHT, Title, or Intered
in the said VESE
et a n appe r a n c e in
tae ene
te e noet
entere e ete
Regist r y e i Court withi
thi n  m e
ublication

the Judge th e
Pa a oourt.
il o e e
said vessel to be sold to answer the claims instituted or to be insti¬
tuted against the same, or make such order in the premises as to him
shall seem right. — Dated the 10th day of February, 1865.
H. A. BATHURST, Assistant-Registrar.
Notice of Sale of Ship taken out by Rothery and Co., 6, Godliman¬
street, Doctors-commons.
BUBLIC APOLOGY.—I, the undersigned Charles
Merit Rigg, of London, hereby publicly express my regret for
having circulated certain false and libellous statements, refecting
upon Mr. Robert Smith, of 21, Leinster-square, Bayswater, surgeon,
which STATEMENTS I now WITHDRAW in the mnost unqualified
manner ; and I hereby consent to pay the costs of the action for libel
brought against me by Mr. Smith: and further consent to this apology
being advertised in The Times newspaper at my expense, and in such
other newspapers as Mr. Smith may desire; and I also express my
thanks to Mr. Smith for having consented to the above arrangement.
Feb. 6, 1865.
C. M. RIGG.
Witness—George F. Eland, 4. Trafalgar-square, W.C., Solicitor.
OFFICE of LAND, REGISTRY.—No. 132.—
Nos. 29 and 31, Golden-lane, Saint Giles, Cripplegate without, city
of London.—In the matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap.
53, notice is hereby given, that on the application of JOHN FISHER,
of No. 60, Cadogan-place, Chelsea, in the county of Middlesex, gentle¬
man, the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry intends, at the expi¬
ration of three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER
with an indefeasible TITLE, all those HEREDITAMENTS,
formerly numbered 9 and 10, but now numbered 29 and 31, Golden¬
lane, in the parish of St. Giles, Cripplegate without, in the city of
London, with the yards, stables, and coach-houses in the rear thereof,
abutting as to part thereof on Golden-lane, and on the north on Brack¬
ley-street, in the tenure and occupation of Florentin Bonette and
Joseph Wood Mason, Esq., respectively, and which hereditaments
are delineated on the map, No. 134, deposited by the applicant in the
Office of Land Registry as part of the description of the same, and
therein edged with red, together with the mines and minerals under
the same hereditament.
If any person objects to, or desires to show cause against such regis¬
tration, or claims that the same shouid be subject to any conditions or
reservations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or
liblity, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be
entered on the Register with reference to such hereditaments, such
person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, 34, Lincoln's-inn¬
fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel,
or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause
against, or to make such claim in respect of such registration. But any
person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same
in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and
address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry before the expiration of
the said three calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise he will
be excluded from making the same.
The said map of the said hereditaments deposited in the Office of
Land Registry may be inspected at the said office at any time before
the expiration of the said three calender months from the date hereof.
—Dated this 13th day of February, 1865.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
JOHN FISHER, Applicant in person.
IMPORTANT NOTICE.—The celebrated and
original CHRISTY's MINSTRELS TONIGHT and every even¬
ing, at Liverpool St. James's-hall (licensed). Marvellous success.
Eighth year of this company performing in London and the provinces
without omitting one evening (Sundays and fast days excepted),
London address, 18, Golden-square. Secretary, H. Montague.
AR AMONG the BLACKS.—MATTHEWS,
W
d
SPILLER, and G. BECKETT's C.
C. CHRISTY
NOWTRE
M.

tae e w ith the parties to the 
an¬
cery suit of "Montague v. Moore."
the e
pepon such an
ephemeral thin
a a title, whether "original" or nos, but trust en¬

erits of their entertainment.
rough  whic e.
te to oune th
treset as the 15th week o the

See next advertiseme.
C. C. CHRISTY MINSTRELS, Polygraphic¬
hall, King William-street, Strand.—Sixteenth Week of per¬
forming in London.—Every evening at 8, Saturday afternoons at
3. Continued success. Roars of laughter. In-each programme there
will be several of their charming and favourite songs and ballads, and
their comic scenes, including the inimitable "Dooral Mac Dill Dar,
rell," being the most laughable ever presented to the London public,
will be repea te e.
evenn
tre, Tickets 1s., 2s., 3s., and 5s., at the hall
and at Austin's ticket office, St. James's-hall.—T. W. Matthews, Sec
METROPOLITE
IMUSIC HALL, Edgware-road.

Open at7 Signora Ferni,
th nreat pr

seled
ton er
noe i leto. Van
te e en.

John and Emma
arde, Losibini and Constance and the unequalled

tae ets. Amelia Morcilli every evening. Manager and m


tor J.
Poole
GREA JSE
WEE
and BANK ROT
ERIES.—90
per cent. of the danger of robbery on premises under inspection
of constables or watchmen, and cortain detection of any carelessness or
neglect on their part, by means simple, inexpensive, and efficient. For
particulars address Messrs. Sear and Boyd, civil engineers, Margate.
