COUTE QUI COUTE.
DEAR C.e.—May I WRITE once more?—
Sver yours, P. "Old Tryst."
TO A.—E. forgives all wrong to herself, but there
are others—Miss H. for instance. WRITE to her, and to your
mother, but not again to E.; it will be useless.
HENES! I am happy, very happy, to see by your
notes how you think of me. 1 am now far away, but I will
and the let you know immediately.—NIT. 5.
ROBERT CONWORTH, Professor of Mathematies,
—This gentleman, being now seriously ill, his friends are re¬
ested t CALL upon or COMMUNICATE with the landlady, at
o. 48, Pembroke-square, Kensington, W., without delay.
IF the GENTLEMAN who sent a post-office order
for £5 to the Guards Club. Pall-mall in October last, from Harro¬
gate, will SEND his present ADDRESS to Mr. Wilson, 60, Pall-mall,
he will greatly oblige
LEFT his HOME, at Spurgrove, Hambleden, Bucks,
on the morning of the 20th February, WILLIAM BROWN, of
unsound mind, 25 years of age, about five feet seven inches high, fair
complexion, hazel eyes, very thin features, long hair, small sandy
whiskers, several sears on face, very much freckled, right arm in¬
jured, and is subject to fits; dressed in an old brown coat, with pockets
outside, pepper-and-salt coloured vest, cord trousers, white calico shirt,
old militia blucher boots, and black billycock hat. He was last seen
at Windsor, on Thursday, 22d February. Any information respecting
him will be thankfully received by the Rev. W. H. Ridley, Ham¬
bleden Rectory, Henley-on-Thames, and any reasonable expenses paid.
LOST, the DRAFT-LEASE of a HOUSE, dro yad
in going from Chapel-Street. Station of Metropolitan Railway to
Farringdon-street, and thence to Salisbury-square, Fleet-street. A
REWARD of FIVE SHILLINGS will be given if returned at once
103, Star-street. Edgware-road. No further reward will be offered.
LOST, on Wednesday, February 27, a small GREEN
and BLACK ENAMELLED WATCH: also small Chain and Key.
Supposed to have been dropped in the street, either opposite Messrs.
Nosotti's, in Oxford-street, or Messrs. Filmer's, in Berners-street.
Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Klaftenberger, 157, Regent-street,
shall receive a REWARD of ONE GUINEA
TO CABMEN and others.—LOST, by two ladies,
who, on the 2d instant, took a cab from Waterloo-road to St.
Paul's, a PURSE, containing two Bank notes, a ring, and silver coin.
The finder will be REWARDED on restoring the property. Apply to
Messrs. Wales and McCulloch, 22, Ludgate-hill
CAUTION.—Lost Bills.—The following BILLS of
EXCHANGE, payable at Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith's,
bankers, London:—
Date. Drawer.	Acceptor.	Amount. Currency
806.
Feb. 21 JJ. T. and N.JJ. G. Doughty and
Hill, Hall Son, Lincoln
£878 15s. 4 months
Feb. 21 Ditto
Ditto
400 0s.4 months
were LOST with a letter posted at Lincoln, on Thursday, the 22d
February-last, and addressed to Messrs. Eyre and Co., Hull.
They can only be negotiated by a forgery of the signature of Messrs.
J. T. and N. Hill, and payment of them has been stopped.
Lincoln, 1st March, 1866.
J. G. DOUGHTY and SON
FOUND, a BANK of ENGLAND NOTE, the early
part of February. Apply, by letter only, to A. B., post-office,
No. 430. West strane.
SOUND, last week, in Clapham-park, a small PET
DOG. The owner may receive the same, upon payment of the
expenses of this advertisement, by applying to Mr. Bailey, stationer,
Streatham-place.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—To
Printers, Detective Officers, and others.—Whereas a MALICIOUS
and LIBELLOUS SMALL HANDBILL, signed "A Tradesman,"
printed, but without an imprint, was circulated in Worthing on Satur¬
day last, through the post-office. A reward of £100 is offered to any
person or persons giving INFORMATION which may lead to the dis¬
covery and conviction of the author and writer of the said handbill.—
By order, Richard Edmunds, solicitor, Worthing, Feb. 28, 1866.
IF this MEETS the EYE of MARIANNE
CAMPBELL, afterwards called Mrs. Waters, who resided at
Highgate in the year 1826, and will send her address to Mr. Edward
Stanly, Mr. Hiorns's library. Exmouth, she will HEAR of SOME¬
THING to her ADVANTAGE.
THOMPSON.—Noxt of Kin.—£20,000.—WANTED,
CHILDREN or RELATIONS of WILLIAM THOMPSON
fo merly of Basinghall-street, merchant, son of William Thompson and
Mary Ashton. His sister Anna lived in Austria. Apply, by letter, to
Ewbank and Partington, solicitors, 3, South-square. London.
BE JOSEPH BRIGGS, late of Chigwell, Essex,
deceased.—CHARLES REVILL, who is supposed to have left
this country, for Australia, in November, 1853, is ENTITLED (if
living) to a SMALL SHARE of the abovenamed deceased's RESI¬
DUARY ESTATE. For further information apply to Messrs.
Houghton and Wragg, solicitors, 15a St. Helen's-place, London, E.C.
NEXT of KIN (important—never before published).
A classified and descriptive INDEX (of 16,000 names) to AD¬
VERTISEMENTS for NEXT of KIN, Chancery heirs, legatees, and
unclaimed money from 1760 to 1866 ; also of British subjects who have
died intestate in the colonies; sent post free for 30 stamps. Address
Mr. CULLMER. 6, Holland-street, Clapham-road, London, S.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—The Society of Arts having
awarded their siver medal and prize of 20 guineas to Messrs.
PARKINS and GOTTO, of 25, Oxford-street, for their 2s. WRITING¬
CASE (of which 400,000 have been gold), for its utility, durability, and
cheapness, the public are hereby CAUTIONED against various imita¬
tions of the same, none being genuine unless stamped "Parkins and
Gotto," with a crown above. The Postmaster-General permits this par¬
ticular case to pass through the post for four stamps.
NO, 217. — OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—
Manor and Estate called Coln St. Denys, Gloucestershire.—In
the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is
hereby given, that on the application of EDMUND RICHARD
JEFFREYS, of Parkhurst, in the Isle of Wight, Esq., Colonel, C.B.,
the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry intends, at the expira¬
tion of three calendar months from the date hereof to REGISTER,
with an indefeasible TITLE, the HEREDITAMENTS, called or
known as the Manors or Lordships of Coln Dea ns, otherwise Coln
St. Denuis and Calcotts, otherwise Caldecott, in the county of
Gloucester, and also the hereditaments called or known as Coln
St. Drnys Estate, in the parish of St. Denys, in the county
of Gloucester, containing 733a. 2r. 32p., or thereabouts, in the
tenure or occupation of Thomas Barton and others, and delineated
on the map No. 217, deposited in the Office of Land Registry,
as part of the description of the same hereditaments, and there¬
in edged with red, together with the mines and minerals under the
said hereditaments called Coln St. Denys Estate. If any person
objects to, or desires to show cause against, such registration,
or claims that the same should be subject to any conditions or re¬
servations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or
liability, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should
be entered on the register with reference to such hereditements, such
person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's¬
inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel,
or by aflidavit or otherwise, to make such objection, or to shew
cause against, or to make such claim in respect of, such registration.
But any person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the
same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name
and address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry, before the expira¬
tion of the said three calendar months from the date hereof, other¬
wise he will be excluded from making the same. The said map of
the said hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land Registry may be
inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the
said three calendar months from the date hereof. —Dated this 3d day of
March, 1866.
LO. D. MORDAUNT. Chief Clerk.
EDMUND RICHARD JEFFREYS, Colonel, Applicant in
erson.
CAUTION.—WESTON's PATENT PULLEY¬
BLOCKS.—In Chancery: "Tangye v. Stott." Before His Honour
Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P. Wood and a Special Jury, December 11th,
12th, 13th, 15th, and 16th, 1865; and before His Honuor, on motion
for a new trial and motion for a decree, February 8th and 12th, 1866,
The special jury having found a verdict for the plaintiffs, and His
Honour Vice-Chancellor Wood having made a decree for a perpetual
injuuction to restrain the defendant, James Stott. of Rochdale, from
infringing Weston's Patent, and ordering the defendant to deliver to
the plaintiffs all articles made according to the invention, and to pay
to the plaintiffs the cost of the suit:—All persons are hereby cau¬
tioned against manufacturing, purchasing, or selling any Differential
Pulley-Blocks similar to Weston's Patent not manufactured by the
plaintiffs. Application will forthwith be made to the Court of Chan¬
cery for INJUNCTIONS against all persons who may be found in¬
fringing Weston's Patent after this notice. The blocks may be ob¬
tained from the plaintiffs' wholesale agents, S. and E. Ransome and
Co., 31, Essex-Street, Strand, London, W.C.
J. HENRY JOHNSON, 47, Lincoln's-inn-fields, London,
Phaintiffie

CHOCOLAT MENIER, 23, Henrietta-street,
Strand.—MENIER's FRENCH CHOCOLATE.—Notice is
hereby given, that legal proceedings will be taken unner the Merchan¬
dise Marks Act, 1862, 25 and 26 Vic., cap. 83, against any person or per¬
sons fraudulently making use of the trade mark, or the signature,
Menier (it being an individual firm, and in no way connected with any
company or other house whatever), on the seal or cover, together with
colour of wrapper, form of cakes, &c., arrangement of label or otherwise,
with the intention of deceiving the public by causing spurious and in¬
ferior articles to be sold for the genuine Chocolat Menier.
A. F. TRUEFITT, Solicitor, 4. Essex-court, Temple, E.C.
SPECIAL NOTICE to SHIPPERS and EX¬
PORTERS.—C. NOSOTTI begs to notify that he has NOT, as re¬
ported, RELINQUISHED the SHIPPING TRADE.—Looking-glass
manufuctory, 398 and 309, Oxford-street. Established 1822.
THE Directors of the London and St. Katharine
Docks Company hereby give notice that, in pursuance of the Act
16 and 17 Vict., cap. 106, sees. 44, 45, and of the Act 25 and 26 Vict.,
cap. 63, secs. 73, 74, they will preceed to SELL, for freight and charges,
the following GOODS, unless the said freight and charges shall be paid
within 10 days from the date hereof, viz.:—Bell and Son, 21 bales
cotton: T. B. Bell and Son, Sea Island, three bales cotton, ex Flying
Clond (Morgan), from Brisbane, entered by the London and St. Katha¬
rine Docks Company, Nov. 27, 1865.
THOMAS CHANDLER (for self and T. W. Collet,
Joint Secretaries).
Dock-house, Feb. 27, 1866.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE OFFICE (established
1857 at 5, Church-court, Clemeht's-lane, Lombard-street), re¬
moved to 13, Great Carter-lane. Doctors'-commons.—Private, confi¬
dential, and important INQUIRIES conducted by JNO. LEWIS,
17 years an officer in the City of London Police.
THE RAINBOW BUBBLE.—"Add another hue
unto the rainbow."—Shakspere. Magnificent spheres, 24 inches
in circumference, and of the most gorgeous prismatic colours, can be
produced. The glassblower, tripod, and finid, sufficient for hundreds
of these lovely bubbles, for 2s., or free for 36 stamps. Also wholesale,
ALFRED BIRD, experimental chymist, Worcester-st., Birmingham.
CROQUET (in-deor), at PARKINS and GOTTO's.
For the table, from 21s.; or carpet from 6s., by far the largest and
best manufactured stock in London, of new and popular indoor games.
Illustrated cataiogue forwarded post free. Orders over 21s sent carriage
paid to any railway station in England.—Parkins and Gotto, 27 and 28,
Oxford-street London, W. N.B. The trade and shippers supplied.
NOTICE.—CROQUET.—In consequence of the
necessary delay during the height of the season in properly re¬
pairing and re-painting old and damaged croquet implements,
PARKINS and GOTTO respectfully recommend their numerous
patrons to lose no time in forwarding (or requesting them to send for)
such sets as may require renovating. Address 27 and 28, Oxford¬
street, London.
CHAPPUIS' DAYLIGHT REFLECTORS (Patent
Silvered and Metal), for lighting photographic rooms and every
description of premises. Manufacturer, P. E. Chappuis, reflector
patentee and photographer, 69, Fleet-street. N.B. Silvering done for
the trade.
CHAPPUIS' WHIST-MARKER (Registered)—for
Long or Short. Fancy card, 20 stamps per pair; best leather, 56
stamps. To be had of fancy dealers, stationers, &c.; wholesale and
retail of the manufacturer, P. E. Chappuis, 69, Fleet¬
Street.
THE STAUNTON CHESSMEN, ebony and box
wood, 15s., 17s. 6d. ; loaded, 25s., 35s., 45s. ; ivory, £3 13s. 6d.,
£5 5s., £10 10s., at all fancy repositories; wholesale, JAQUES and
SON, 102, Hatton-garden. Caution.—To guard against inferior imita¬
tions, observe Mr. Staunton's signature on each bex.
MONOGRAMS, Coronets, Crests, and Mottoes, or
Address Dies Engraved for nothing if an order be given for
a guinea box of stationery, to contain a ream of the very best paper,
and 9500 envelopes to match, all stamped free of charge, and sent to
any railway station. Monograms designed (1s.) by T. CULLETON,
diesinker to Her Majesty and the Board of Trade, 25, Cranbourn-¬
street, corner of St. Martin's-lane. W.
MONOGRAMS for NOTE PAPER.—W. LEU¬
CHARS begs to call attention to his original designs for
crests, monograms, &c., for note paper and envelopes. Dies engraved,
and writing paper illuminated in the highest style of art, at very mode¬
rate prices. Dinner cards, invitations, &c., printed to order. No
charge for plain stamping. Sheets of specimen monograms free by
post.—W. Leuchars, by special appointment to H.R.H. the Prince of
Wales, 38, Piccadilly, o n.
MONOGRAMS.—Messrs. JENNER and KNEW¬
STUB, by special appointments to the Prince and Princess of
Wales, having greatly enlarged their workshops, are enabled to pro¬
duce in still greater numbers their world-famous MONOGRAM DIES
for stamping paper. The most elegant novelties in arms, crest, and
address dies; also in illuminating band and ball programmes, dinner
cartes, invitations, &c. No charge for sketches.—Jenner and Knewstub,
Court stationers, 33, St. James's-street, and 66. Jermyn-street.
MONOGRAMS (PARKINS and GOTTO's).
Sketches by the first artists in London, and dies cut in the
best possible manner, at half the usual charges, and remain the pro¬
perty of the customer. No charge made for plain stamping. Colour
stamping reduced to 1s per 100. Nearly 40 hands for stamping being
kept upon the premises, P. and G. are enabled to execute orders to any
extent with great care and despatch.—Parkins and Gotto, 24, 25, 27,
and 28, Oxford-street, London, W. N.B. The largest stock in Lon¬
don of dressing cases, bags, writing cases, and presents of all kinds,
