ARQUISE.—On Monday night. Shall provide
M.
for every emergency.
CLEMENCE.—A LETTER waits for you at the post¬
office.
—Let me know your address and I shall write to
you directly. I see your answer in The Times.—L. G.
PUTNEY-HEATH.—SIGMA.—I was prevented
coming. Letters will find A. C., post-office, Roehampton s.W.
R. E. S. JENNINGS is requested to send a FRESH
N
ADDRESS, or explain delay.—94, Piccadilly.
H., who is wishing to accompany Mrs. SPENCER
a to India, would be glad of her ADDRESS as soon as possible.
B R., Ashby-hall, Bergh-Apton, Norwich.
A. C., who travelled from Verona to Munich on the
17th and 18th of June, is requested to COMMUNICATE with
A. de F., 13, Salisbury-street, Strand. W.C.
DECOYED from her HOME, in Prussia, on June
24th, by Gypsies then infesting that locality, ANNA BOCKLER,
42 years. For fuller particulars see The Times of 8th, 9th, and 10th
inst. A REWARD of £100 for INFORMATION which shall lead
to her recovery.—Ignatius Polaky, 13, Paddington-green.
THE ADDRESS of Mrs. JAMES RUTLAND
(maiden name Jennings), from Canterbury, is earnestly desired by
a relative from (abroad, to England with important message for her.
Please send address to M. P., 44, Kensington-park-road, Notting¬
hill-gate.
HAVING been advised that the grounds on which I
supposed that my correspondence had been tampered with are in¬
sufficient to support the allegations contained in several advertise¬
ments published in this column at intervals during the latter half of
last year, and signed P. P.—F. W., and having reason to believe that
some of these advertisements have been misunderstood, and that others
have given offence to persons whom I should be extremely sory to
have offended, I hereby withdraw and cancel the entire series of the
advertisements referred to.—P. P.—F. W.
A GED PILGRIMS' FRIEND SOCIETY.—
CAUTION.—Subscribers are requested not to pay any but autho¬
rized agents.—M. MURPHY, Secretary, Office, 9, Finsbury-pavement.
INFIRMARY for EPILEPSY and PARALYSIS,
Portland-terrace, Regent's-park.—The Committee thankfully
ACKNOWLEDGE £5 from the Duchess of Grafton, for this Charity's
exhausted funds.—C. H. MILLS, M.P. Treasurer.
THE Princess MARYS VILLAGE HOMES for
LITTLE GIRLS.—The RECEPT of a CHEQUE for £2 from
Miss Tringham, and a promise of £5 from Henry Roge
sq,are
thankfully ACKNOWLEDGED.—CAROLINE G. CAVENDISH,
Treasurer, Addlestone, Surrey.
LOST, on Friday, an ENGRAVED GOLD PEN
and PENCIL CASE, with name T. Silver thereon. Whoever will
take the same to H. Starr and Co., 22, Moorgate-street, shall receive
ONE POUND REWARD.
LOST, at York Station, on the 12th inst., a PARCEL
of CLOAKS and BOOKS, in a leather cover without name
or direction. The books belong to Bolton's library. One of the cloaks
is a red Galway one. Any person taking the parcel or giving informa¬
tion to Bolton's library, St. George's-place, Hyde-park-corner, shall
be REWARDED.
LOST, at Sonthend, on the evening of the 28rd or 24th
July, a BAMBOOCIGAR CASE and a BLACK CIGARETTE
CASE, mounted with silver, with crest and monogram in silver;
contaming cigarettes and canis, with the owner's name and address.
Whoever has found the above, and will either return them to the Hall
Porter, Junior United Service Olub, Charles-street, S.W., or commun¬
icate with the owner, at that address, shall be handsomely KE¬
WARDED.
LEFT in a Hansom CAB, on Friday night, 9th inst.,
 TRANSPARENT HORN STICK. ONE POUND REWARD
will be given to any one taking it to Mr. Davison, 5, Royal-avenke,
King's-road, S.W.
NOTICE is hereby given, that I, Henry John
Ashburner, formerly Mathews, and baptized Henry John
Davis, now residing at Horsham, in the county of Sussex, have de¬
termined (in comphance with the wish of the late Henry Atwell Smith,
of Warleigh-house, Southsea, in the county of Southampton, Esquire)
to ASSUME and TAKE as from the 6th day of August, 1872, and thence¬
forth to use the SURNAME of ASHBURNER in substitution for
the surname of Mathews, and for the purpose of evidencing such deter¬
mination I do hereby declare that I shall at all times nereafter in all
deeds and writings, and in all dealings and transactions, and on all
occasions whatsoever, use the surname of Ashburner in substitution
for the surname of Mathews; and 1 hereby expressly authorize and
desire every person whomsoever to designate and describe me by such
surname accordingly.—Dated this 17th day of August, 1872.
HENRY JOHN ASHBURNER.
STECKBRIEF Gegen den kaufmann ERNSTSEYD,
geblirtig aus Itheidt, in der Rhein provinz, kreis Gladbach zuletzt
in Yokohama, ist die gerichtliche Haft wegen betrligerischen Banke¬
rottes beschlossen worden. Seine Haftnanme hat nicht ausgerihrt
werden konnen. Es wird ersucht den E. Seyd im Betretungsfalle fest¬
zunehmon und an das Konigliche Kreisgericht zu Stettin abzuliefern.
Falls die Identitat eines etwa Angehaltenen zweifelhaft semn solite, kann
eine Photographie des Angeschuldigten ubersandt werden. Beschrei¬
bung.—Alter, 31 Jahre; Geburtsort, Rheidt Kreis Gladbach; haare,
dunkelblond (links gescheitelt, glatt anliegend); augen, blau; bart,
schwach, gewohnlich glatt rasirt; gesichtsbildung, voll und rund;
grosse, mittel; besondere kennzeichen, tragt brille und pockennarbig.
Transiation.—A resolution having been passed by the undersigned
Court to Apprehend the merchant Ernst Seyd, born in Rheint, in the
Rhine province, district Gladbach, and lately residing in Yokohama,
on the charge of fraudulent bankruptcy, and this apprehension having
so far been impossible) it is requested that the above named E. Seyd
should be arrested wherever he may make his appearance, and be de¬
livered up to the Koenigliche Kreisgericht, at Stettin, In the event of
the identity of an individual thus arrested being doubtful, a photo¬
graph of the said E. Seyd will be furnished. Description.—Age, 31
years; place of birth, Rherdt, district Gladbach, in Prussia; hair, dark
plonde, parted on the left side, and smooth; eyes, blue ; beard, thin,
generally clean shaved; form of face, full and round; stature, midule
neight; special marks of identity, wears spectacles, and is slightly
marked with smallpox.
Yokohama, den 18ten Juni, 1872.
Kaiserach Deutsches General Consulat,
(Sigillum)

NOTICE is hereby given that the PARTNERSHIP
heretofore subsisting between us the undersigned James Boyd
and Robert Hunter Hall carrying on business as sugar refiners
at Breezer's Hill Ratcliffe Highway in the county of Middlesex
under the firm of Hall and Boyd hath this day been DISSOLVED by
mutual consent the said Robert Hunter Hall retiring therefrom as from
the day of the date hereof And all debts due and owing by and to the
said late partnership and liabilities relating thereto will and are to be
paid and received and borne by the said undersigned James Beyd alone
who now and for the future will carry on the said sugar refinery busi¬
ness on the premises aforesaid under the style or fom of Hall and Boyd.
As witness our hands this 13th day of August 1872.
JAMES BOYD
ROBERT HUNTER HALL.
CHARITY COMMISSION.—In the Matter of ST.
THOMASS HOSPITAL in the County of Surrey.—By direction
of the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, Notice
is hereby given, that (with the authority of the said Soard) the follow¬
ing PROPERTY of the above mentioned Charity viz.:
Two Strips of Pasture Land being part of Pinner Park Farm situate
in the Parish of Pinner in Harrow in the County of Middlesex lying on
the North Eastern side of the London and North Western Railway
and adjacent thereto containing together 0a. Ir. 18p. or thereabouts.
Also a Piece of Grass Land being part of the same Farm situate on
the South Western sine of the said Railway and near thereto contain¬
ing 3roods or theseabouts which last mentioned piece of land is in¬
tended to form the site of a proposed new road, is proposed to be SOLD
by the trustees thereof by private contract for the sum of £450, the
purchaser accepting the sitle of the trustees, and paying all expenses
in connexion with the transaction, unless some sufficient objection to
such sale, whether having reference to the suffic ency of the purchase
money, or to any other reasons, shall be made known to the said Com¬
missioners within 21 days from the first publication of this notice.
Any person prepared to notify such objection should forthwith
transmit the same to the said Commissioners, in writing, addressed to
their Secretary, No. 8, York-street, St. James's-square, London.—Dated
the 15th day of August, 1872.
HENRY M. VANE, Secretary.
HALMON FISHERY ACTS, 1861, 1865.—Notice is
hereby given, that the Special Commissioners for English
Fisheries will hold a COURT at the Town-hall, Machynlleth, on Tues¬
day, the 8th October, 1872, at the hour of 11 o'clock a.m., at th,
Ponairth Arms Hotel, Malwydd, on Wednesday, the 9th Octobere
1872, at the hour of 12 o'clock at noon, and at the County-hall, Dolgelly
on Friday, the 11th October, at the hour of 11 o'clock a.m., and
at such Court will proceed to inquire into the legality of all
fishing weirs, fishing mill dams, and fixed engines, situate in the
Dovey Mawddack and Glaslyn Fishery District, and all persons in¬
terested in such engines, are required to attend at such Court from day
to day until discharged, in order that a decision may be made by the
said Commissioners with respect to the removal of such fishing weirs
or fixed engines or the alteration of such fishing mill dams, or that
such other order may be made by them in the premises as the facts of
each case appear to warrant.
By order,
THOS. F. BRADY, Secretary.
Dated at 8, Parliament-street, Westminster, this 15th
day of Augast, 1872.
BRIGHTON.-We, the undersigned AUCTIONEERS
and HOUSE and ESTATE AGENTS, give notice that we
purpose CLOSING our OFFICES on all BANK HOLYDAYS; also
that our Business Hours on Saturdays, from July 1st to December 31st,
will be from 9 till 4 o'clock, and during the rest of the year from 9
till 2:—
Wilkinson and Son168, North-street
George Attree	136, North-street
Jenner and Dell32, Regency square
Samuel Ridley.155, North-Street.
Crouch and atrevens.96, Western-road
Bartlett and Roe	105, King's-road.
Jeffcont and Lewis60, King's-road
G. H. Clements43a, Western-road
Samuel Diplock29, Western-road.
Jas. W. Stride61, Buckingham-soad
Akeburst and Son10, Prince Albert-street
W. G. Trangmar and Co.96, Queen's-road
Thos. Richards144, Western-road
H. W. G. Abell47, Preston-street
Benju. Web1, Marine-parade

18, Ship-street.
LOUIS ROEDERERS CHAMPAGNE.—
CAUTION.—Whereas an Injunction in Chancery has been ob¬
tained in the cause of "Roederer v. Stein," restraining the defendant,
Otto Stein, his servants and agents from selling any wine not produced
by the plaintiff, Louis Roederer, in bottles corked with corks having
branded thereon a brand, which is a copy of or only colourably dinering
from the brand of the said Louis Roederer in the Bill of Complaint
mentioned (being the brand used by the said Louis Noederer in order to
distinguish the wine produced by him, and known as Louis Roe¬
derer's Carte Blanche Champagne), or whioh, contrary to the fact, re¬
present or have the appearance, or lead to the belief that such
bottles contain the wine called Lonis Roederer's Carte Blanche Cham¬
pagne, and produced by the said Louis Roederer, or in bottles bearing
or having affixed thereto any label similar to or only colourably
differing from the label made or used by the said Louis Roederer
as in the said bill mentioned, and also from selling, exporting.
consigning, or offering for sale any wine not produced by the said
Louis Roederer in such manner or form as to represent or lead to the
belief that the same has been produced by the said Louis Koederer;
now all persons are hereby cautioned against dealing with spurious
Champagnes bearing imitation Louis Roederer corks and labels; and
notice is hereby expressly given, that proceedings will immediately be
instituted against all persons found dealing with wines bearing such
imitation corks and labels.
T. RUSSEL KENT, 8, Serjeants'-inn, Fleet-street, Solicitor
to Louis Roederer, of Reims.
CHARLES GRAINGER, 108, Fenchurch-street, E.C., Agent
to the said Louis Roederer.
NOTICE.—ROBERTS and Co. (established half a
gentury), 23, Place Vendome, Paris, chymists to the Imperial
Family, the ex-Royal Family of Spain, the English, Russian, and
Austrian Embassies, re-pectfully inform their clients that they have
OPENED a BRANCH ESTABLISHMENT in LONDON (76, New
Bond-street). N.B. Sole agents for Great Britain for the Rose Elixir
and Powder, prescribed by Dr. Thomas W. Evans, of Paris, price 4s.
NOTICE.—Messrs, CHARLES FRODSHAM and
Co. beg to inform their customers and the public that BUSINESS
is CARRIED ON as usual DURING the ALTERATIONS. Chanes
Frodsham and Co., watch clock, and chronometer makers to Her
Majesty and H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, 84, Strand, London, corner
of Ceon-street.
NOTICE.—ROWLANDS and FRAZER, jewellers,
&c., respectfully announce that their business is carried on as
usual during the alterations, at the same address 146, Regent-street.
NOTICE of REMOVAL. — Works of Art.—HENRY
DURLACHER begs to announce that he has REMOVED from
No. 113, New Bond-street, to 9, King-street, St. James's-square, S.W.,

NOTICE of REMOVAL.—The old-established
BUSINESS of H. SEWARD and Co., 15 and 16, Blackman¬
street, Borough, has been removed to s. M. and H. J. Story's whole¬
sale and export cabinet warehouse, 33, London-wall, and 2, Coleman¬
street, E.C.
NOTICE. — Mr. ROGERS, Surgeon-Dentist
(M.R.C.S.E., L.D.S.), begs to announce his REMOVAL from
No. 18, New Burlington-street, to 30, New Cavendish-street, Portland¬
place, between Wimpole-street and Harley-street.
INOLEUM.—Caution.—The LINOLEUM MANU¬
FACTURING COMPANY (Limited) CAUTION the public
against certain inferior manufactures, which are now being offered in
the name of their celebrated Linoleum Floor Cloth, and have to state
that none is genuine unless stamped at intervals on the back with the

FORGED and DECEPTIVE MARKS are exten¬
sively used to induce purchasers of plated wares to buy articles
of very inferior quality offered for sale as "Elkington's best Electro¬
plate." The undersigned wish to warn the public against purchasing
such goods, and will be at all times glad to verify any that may be
sent for that purpose to either of their establishments, viz.:—No. 22,
Regent-street, London; 45, Moorgate-street, London; 25, Church¬
street, Liverpool; 6, St. Ann's-square, Manchester; or the Manufac¬
tory, Newhall-Street, Birminsham.—ELKINGTON and Co.
