DIEUDONNE MOUZIN, or his Representatives in
this country, are requested to COMMUNICATE without delay
with Mr. Pollaky, private inquiry office, 13, Paddington-green, W.
BRUSSELS, Florence, Naples.—Why do the photos
still linger? Will you not favourme with a souvenir to hang with
the sheaf? Hope all's well.
UGUSTUS DONALD MACKEY (son of James
Henry Mackey, East India merchant, of London), who left Liver¬
pool on the 11th August, 1853, in the Great Britain, for Melbourne, is
anxious to HEAR from any of his RELATIONS or FRIENDS. Ad¬
dress A. D. Mackey, post office lunkarooks, Darling River, N.S.W.
NATIONAL HOSPITAL for DISEASES of the
HEART.—The Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEIPT of 10 guineas from C. H. Goschen, Esq., V.P., in aid of the
funds, now quite exhausted.—Office, 151, Strand, August 26, 1871.
ONYX NECKLACE LOST, at or near to the Albert
hall or in the Horticultural-gardens—a Necklace, composed o
three rows of onyx and gilt beads, with snap. A REWARD of TWO
GUINEAS will be paid to any person restoring the same to the Lost
Property-office, West Wing, International Exhibition, Kensington, W.
CAUTION.—To Foreign Bankers, Merchants, &c.—
LOST, or miscarried, during transmission from London to Milan,
 LETTER containing TWO CIRCULAR NOTES of Messrs. Coutts
and Co, for £50 each, Nos. 96322-3, dated 3d July, 1871, and payable to
Monsieur Joaquim de Mattos Vieira; and all persous are hereby can¬
tioned against negotiating the same, payment having been stopped.
Any person who may be able to give information respecting the missing
letter and notes is requested to communicate with Messrs. Darther,
Brothers, 15, Austinfriars, London.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed. Stock.—Ap
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £40 New £3 per Cen
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of JAMES CURRY.
of 34, Great Marylebone-strset, plumber, and which was transferred
to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends thereon
having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1859;—Notice is hereby
given, that on the expiration of three months from this date, the said
Stock will be Trausferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to Aun
Curry, widow, administratrix of James Curry, deceased, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sconer appear and make
out his claim thereto.
IN the Matter of OCTAVIUS BREWER, a person
of unsound mind, so found by Inquisition under the provisions of
the Lunacy Regulat on Act, 1853.—Any person o
asclainin
to be the HEIR or HEIRS at LAW of the said OCTAVIUS BREWER,
who formerly resided with his father, James Brewer, long since de¬
ceased, at Clapham-common, in the county of Surrey, but who bas, since
the year 1853, resided and is now residing at Wyke-house, Sion-hill,
Isleworth, in the county of Middlesex; or claiming to be entitled undar
the statutes for the distribution of intestates' estates (in case he were
now dead (intestate) to his personal estate, are, on or before the second
day of Novemner, 1871, by their solicitors, to come in and prove their
heirships or kindred before the Masters in Lunacy, at their office, No. 45.
Lincoln's-inn-fields, in the county of Middlesex; or, in default thereof,
they will be peremptorily precluded from the benefit of all proceedings
in the above matter. —Dated this 25th day of July, 1871.
W. COMPTON SMITH, 45, Lincoln's-inn-fields.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the CONSERVATORS
of the RIVER THAMES having taken into consideration the
objections and representations which have been made to them respect¬
ing the proposed Bye-laws for the Regulation of the Navigation of the
ftiver Thames, pubtisned in the Lonuon Gazette of the 12th May, 1871.
have made ALTERATIONS and ADDITIONS in and to the 16th,
29th, 36th, 37th. 46th, 69th, and 70th BYE-LAWS, and as so altered
or added to the said lastmentioned Bys-laws will now stand as fol¬
lows, viz.:
The 16th Bye-law as to barges over 50 tons will be as follows:—
Barges over 50 tons to have Two Persons to Navigate them.
16, All barges, boats, lighters, and other light crait navigating the
river shall, when under way, have at least one competent man con¬
stantly on board for the navigation and management thereof, and all
such craft of above 50 tons burden shall, when under way, have one
man in addition on board to assist in the navigation and management
of the same, with the following exceptions: When being towed by a
steam vessel, or when being moved to and fro between any vessels, or
places a distance not exceeding 200 yards; and in case of non-com¬
pliance with this present Bye-law, the harbour-master may lake charge
of and remove such craft to such place as to such harbour-master may
seem fit, and the amount of the charges and expenses of taxing charge
thereof, and of such removal, shall be recoverable from the owner or
owners or master thereof, to the use of the Conservators, as provided by
the Tnames Conservancy Act, 1857.
The 25th Bye-law as to steering and sailing: rules will be as
follows:—
39. The following steering and sailing rules shall be observed by
vessels navigating the river Thames:—
Proviso to Save Special Cases.,
(a) In construing and obeying the following rules, due regard must
be had to all dangers of navigation; and due regard must also be had
to any special circumstances rendering a departure from such rules
necessary in order to avord immediate danger.
Two Sailing Vessele Meeting.
(b) If two sailing vessels are meeting end on, or nearly end on, so as
to involve risk of collision, the helms of both shall be put to port, so
that each may pass on the port side of the other.
Two Sahing Vessels Crossing.
4c) When two sailing vessels are crossing so as to involve risk of col¬
lision, then, if they have the wind on diiferent sices, the vessel with the
wind on the port side shall keep out of the way of the vessel with the
wind on the starboard side, except in the case in which the vessel with
the wind on the port side is close-hauled and the other vessel free, in
which case the latter vessel shall keep out or the way: but if they have
the wind on the same side, or if one of them has the wind aft, the
vessel which is to windward shall keep out of the way of the vessel
which is to leeward.
Two Vessels Under Steam Meeting.
d If two vessels under steam are meeting end on, or nearly end on,
so as to involve rik of collision, the heims of both shall be put to port,
so that each may pass on the port side of the other,
Two Vessels under Steam Crossing.
(e) If two vessels under steam are crossing so as to involve risk of col¬
lision, the vessel which has the other on her own starboard side shall
keep out of the way of the other.
Sailing Vessels in Tow and Vessels under Steam.
(D) If two vessels, one of which is a sailing vessel and the other a steam
vessel, are proceeding in such directions as to involve risk of collision,
the steam vessel shall keep out of the way of the sailing vessel.
Vessels under steam to Slacken Speed.
(g) Every steam vessel, when approaching another so as to involve
risk of collision, shall slacken her speed, or, if necessary, stop and
reverse; and every steam vessel shall, when in a fog, go at a mnoderate
speed.
Vessels Overtaking other Vessels.
(h) Every vessel overtaking any other vessel shall keep out of the
way of the said last-mentioned vessel.
)Where, by the above rules, one of two vessels is to keep out of the
way, the other shall keep her course, subject to the qualitications con¬
tainen in the article (a).
No Vessal, under any circumstances, to Neglect Proper Precantions.
Nothing in these rules shall exonerate any vessel, or the owner
or master or crew thereof, from the consequences of any neglect to
carry lights or siguais, or of any neglect to keep a prouer look-out, or of
the neglect of any precaution which may be required by the ordinary
practice of seamen, or by the special circumstances of the case.
The 36th and 37th Bye-laws as to the reguiation of steamevessels will
be as follows:—
Master of Steam Vessel to Remain on Paddle-box or Bridie.
36. The master of every steam-vessel navigating the river shall be
and remain on one of the paddle-boxes, or on the bridge of such stoam¬
vessel, and shall cause a propor look out to be kept from the said steam
vessel during the whole of the time it is under way, and shall romove or
cause to be removed any person other than the crew who shall be on
the bridge or paiidle-boxes of such steamer.
No Person to be Taken on Board nor Leave Steam-vessel whilst in
Motion.
37. No person shall be taken on board any steam-vessel, navigating
the said river, nor leave the same for the purpose of landing while the
vessel is in motion, nor thall the engine thereof be put in motion until
any bost or wherry bringing or taking away any passenger to or from
such steam-vessel shall be sufficiently olear thereof.
The 46th Bye-law as to the speed of steamevessels above Teddington
Lock will be as follws:—
Speed of Steam Vessels above Teddington Lock.
46. No steam-vessel shall be worked or navigated upon the said river
between Teddington Lock, in the parish of Ham, in the county of Sur¬
rey, and Cricklade, in the county of Wilts, at such speed as shall
endanger or cause damage to other vessels, or cause any injury to the
banks of the river.
The 69th and 70th Bye-laws as to tolls for ferries and pleasure-boz
talls for locks:—
Tolls for Ferries.
69. There shall be paid for the use of the Conservators ferries the
Tolls not exceeding as follows, viz.:—
Each time of crost oine¬
For a horse, not engaged in towing, taken across by ferry
boat.

For a horse and carriage
For two horses and a carriage 
For foot passengers each
01
Pleasure-boat Tolls for Locks.
70. Persons in charge of plessure boats passing through any of the
locks on the River Thames, shall pay to the lock-keepers of other per¬
sons authorized to receive folis, the sums contained in the following
table:—
For every steam pleasure-bost, not exceeding 35 feet in length
0.
For every pleasure steamboat exceeding 35 leet in length, for
every additional five feet of length
Class 1.—For every pair-pared rowhoat, canoe, punt, skiff, out¬
rigger, dingey, randan, or company boat0 0
Class 2. — For every four-pared row-boat.
Class 3. For every row-boat, shallop, and company boat over
four ears

For every house-boat.


The above charges to be for passing once through the lock and re¬
turning in the saie day.
Annual Tolls.
In lieu of the above tolls, pleasure steamboats or row-boats may be
registered on the annual payment to the Conservators of the under¬
mentioned sums, and shall, in consideration of such payment, pass the
several locks free of any otber charge:—
For every steam pleasure-boat not exceeding 35 feet in length,

For every additional number of five feet, per annum
For every row-hoat of class 1, per annum
For evory row-boat of class 2, per annum
For every row-boat of class 3, per annum
For every house-bost, per annum
In computing the tolis, every number less than the entire number
above stated is to be charged as the entire number.
The word "Creek" has also been added after the word "Yantlet,"
in the 8th sub-section of the 2d Bye-law, being the Interpretatiin
Clause, which 8th sub-section will now be as follows:—
The word "River Thames" or "river" shall mean so much of the
river Thames and such part of its tributaries within the jurisdiction of
the Conservators as is between Cricklade, in the county of Wilts, and
Yantlet Crees, in the county of Kent.
Dated this 10th day of August, 1871.
BARTLE J. L. FRERE, Solicitor to the Conservators
of the River Thames.
REMOVAL.—J. L. PULVERMACHER, sole in¬
ventor and patentes of the galvanic chain-bands, belts, and flexible
batteries, has REMOVED from No. 200 to 166, Regent-street, (oppo¬
site New Burlington-street), for the greater convenience of the public.
NOTICE.—Mr. FREDERICK MAY, news agent,
general advertising contractor, &c., respectfully informs his
vatrons that he has REMOVED from 9, King-Street, St. James's, to
No. 160, Piccadilly, three doors west of St. James'-street.
NOTICE.—No. 42, Pall-mall, opposite the War-office.
—LUND and BLOCKLEY (late Viner). Watchmakers to the
Queen, and manufacturers of Keyless Chronometer watches, beg to note
their REMOVAL to the above address.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—DOLLOND and Co.
beg to announce to their numerous patrons and the public
generally that they have REMOVED from 59, St. Paul's churchyard,
to 1, Ludgate-hill (corner of St. Paul's churchvard.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—The old-established
BUSINESS of H. SEWARD and Co., 15 and 16, Blackman¬
areet, Borough, will be REMOVED, on the 29th Sept., to G. M. and
H. J. STORYS wholesale and export cabinet warehouses, 33, London¬
wall, and 2, Coleman-Street, E.C.
WOYAGE to AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND
and RETURN.—A young clergyman, taking this voyage, is willing
to take CHARGE of one or more PUPILS for the journey. Leaves
England in October. Highest references given and required. —Secretary,
Home and Foreign Institate, 106, Brompton-road.
GREENHOUSES can now be produced, by a judicious
combination of wood, iron, and glass, for the fab
ao e o  m
of £5. For particulars send stamp to T. H. P. DENNIS and Co.,
Anchor Works, Chelmsford.
WASES, Tazze, Fountain Basins, Statues, Pedestals,
&c., in red and puff terra-cotta, in great variety. Warranted to
stand frost.—J. M. BLASHFIELD, 28, Berners-street, Oxford-street,
W. Works, Stamford, Lincolushire.
OLD AGE or ACCIDENT, not Diseuse, should end
our days.—Pamphlet on Uss of the Portable Turkwh Bath, for
Curing Diseases, four stamps, by C. Hunter, of Calcutte. Rheu¬
matiam, gout, slugtith hiver, &c., cured by HUNTHR'S newly-invented
PORTABLE TURKISH, Vapour, and Hot-afr RATHS, Price, with
flannel cloak. 21s. Sole agent, T. HAWKSLEY, 4, Blenbeim-street,
Bond-street. W. Vide sader in "Daily Telegraph," Fell 7. 1870.
FOR FAMILY ARMS (Lincoln's-inn Heraldic office).
Send name and county, fos 3s. 3d. or stamps. Arms painted on
vellum, &c., and engraved on seals and dies. Presentation addrosses
corporate seals and presses, bookplates, monogram dies, and illuminated
stationery. Name plate and 100 best ivory visiting cards, 4s. 6d. ; ladys
ditto. 5s.—PUGH, BROTHERS, 4, Great Turnstile, Lincoln's,
jan. W.C.
WOUR CREST and MOTTO.—Send name and
county to CULLETON'S Heraldic office. Plain sketch, 8s. 6d.;
in heraldic colourr, 7s. The arms of man and wife blended. The
heraldic colours for servants' livery, 10s. Crest engraved on seals,
rings, book plates, and steel dies, 7s. 6d. A neat gold seal, with crest,
20s. Solid gold ring, 18-carat, hall marked, engraved with crest, 42s.
Manual of Heraldry, 400 engravings, 3s. 2d.—T. Culleton, engraver to
the Queen, 25, Cranbourn-street (corner of St. Martin's-lane.
