Received yours. Send address, so that I can
write you at once. You're making my L quite ill. Do write im¬
mediately to me, or come to us. Your sincere friend, G.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Applica¬
tion having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £05, New £3 per Cent. Annuities,
heretofore standing in the name of HARRIET MASON, of the Deaf
and Dumb A-ylum, Old Kent-road, spinster, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the Dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 10th October, 1867;—
Notice is pereby given that, on the expiration of three months from
this date (August 14th, 1878), the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid to Harriet Adcock, wife of Thomas Adcock,
formerly Harriet Mason, spinster, who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE Probate Divorce
 Admiralty Division (Divorce) To ADOLPHE AMEDEE
SOTTY late of 26 Coventry Street in the County of Middlesex Take
Notice that a PETITION bearing date the 22nd day of June 1878 has
issued under seal of the High Court of Justice (Probate Divorce &
Admiralty Division) at the instance of Virginie Snayers Sotty of
No. 32 Castle Street East in the County of Middlesex praying for an
ORDER for PERMANENT ALIMONY & for the Custody of Leon
Eugene Pierre Noel Sotty issue of the Marriage between you and the
said Virginie Snayers Sotty And that a sufficient maintenance may be
allotted to the said Virginie Snayers Sotty in respect of the said Child
and for such other and further relief as to the Court might seem meet.
EDWARD F. JENNER Registrar.
THOMAS GIBSON BREWER Solicitor for Mrs. Sotty
31 Crutched Friars E.C.
NOTICE is hereby given, that on the 8th day of



whereby his Lordship the Master of the Roils awarded a perpetual
INJUNCTION against the Defendant from holding himself out or
carrying on business either alone or in co-partnership under the name
sasssas.
only colourably differing therefrom, and from issuing any Advertise¬

done by the Defendant in the name or style of "Win. Farebrother
 Co.," or in any name or style only colourably differing therefrom,
and from holding out that the business carried on by the Defendant

Plaintiff, and ordered the Defendant to pay to the Plaintiff the costs
of the Action.
WM. FAREBROTHER & Co., 2, Lancaster-place, Strand, W.C.
BISHOP of LONDONS FUND.—The ANONY¬
ca

Aucust 5 in the nsual monthly advertisement.
CHELSEA HOSPITAL for WOMEN, King's-road
S.W.—The Committee of Management very thankfully ACKNOW¬
LEDGE the following DONATIONS to the fund needed for building
the new hespital:—Mrs. Algernon Strickland, £5; and Mrs. Browne,
£5.—J. S. NOOD, Seeretary.

DENTAL HOSPITAL of LONDON, Leicester¬
square.—President—H.R.H. the Duke of CAMBRIDGE, K.G.
The Managing Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE a further
DONATION of TEN GUINEAS from Sir Charles McGrigor, Bart.,
per E. Saunders, Esq., in aid of the funds of this unendowed Charity,
—GEO. A. IBBETSON, Hon. Sec.
DENTAL HOSPITAL of LONDON, Leicester¬
square.—President, H.R.H. the Duke of CAMBRIDGE. K.G.—
The Managing Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE a DONA¬
TION of TEN GUINEAS, constituting life governorship, from Mrs.
R. Corfield Bucknail, per L. Read. Rsq., in aid of the funds of this
unendoed Charity.—GEO. A. IBBETSON, Hon. Sec.
LOST, on the evening of Tuesday, 6th August, in a
first class carriage, between Hackney and Broad-street Station, a
CIGARETTE CASE, with coronet engaved, containing money, clasp.
&c. Whoever takes the same to 46, Brompton-square, S.W., shall be
REWARDED.
WILL the LADY who TOOK or FOUND a BLACK
LEATHER DRESSING BAG, by mistake, from Victoria
Station, on Tuesday morning, bth ins, have the kindness oo COd¬
MUNICAPE with Mrs. Webb. 21, Eaton-terrace, Eaton-square, S.W.
MANAWATU LAND ORDERS.—Notrce is hereb e
given, that on the 30th day November, 1877, an Act was passed
by the General Assembly of New Zealand, intituled an Act to provide
for the satisfaction of certam Land Orders issued by the New Zealand
Company, and theresofore exercised in the Manawatu or Horowhenua
districts, within the aforesaid Company's settlement at Wellington.
The attention of every person claiining under any such Land Orders
as aforesaid is drawn to the provisions of the said Act next follow¬
ing, that is to say
Every person claiming land within the Provincial District of Wel¬
lington under any Land Order originally issued by the New Zealand
Company, and which has been exercised in the Manawatu or ocrow¬
henua Districts, must, within 12 months from the 30th November. 1877,
if he be a resident in the Colony, and within two years from such date
if he be a resinent elsewhere, give notice in writing, by himself or his
agent, to the Commissioner appointed for the District of Wellinston
under the Ordinance of the Legislanve Council of the Is ands of New
Zealand, Session 18. No. 11, for the hearing and decision of his claim
under the provisions of the said Act, and at the t me of making his
application for the satisfaction of mis claim must lodge with the Com¬
missioner the or ginal land order under which he claims to be entilled
to select any section of land. Unless such land order shall previously
ve been lodged with the Commissioner no claim can be heard and
determined until such original land order is lodged, or proof of the
loss given to the satisfaction of the Commissioner.
The Commissioner will report to the Governor the name of the per¬
son found to be entitled to land under any particular land order, the
particular number thereof, the fact of such land order having been
lodged with him, or of his having received satisfactory proof of the
loss thereof, and the amount in value stated in such land order; such
report is to be considered and approved by the Governor in Council,
and forthwith published in the New Zealand Gazette, with the date
of the approval attached thereto.
Notification of the Governor's approval is a sufficent warrant to the
Commissioner to issue to the persons named in such approved report
as being entitied to land, scrip for the amount of money originally
paid for the land order under which any such persons have been found
to be entitied, together with compensation to the amount of £1 for
every £1 sterling represented by such land order added thereto ; so
that every person found entitied shall receive £2 in value for every
20s. in value to which he shall have been found entitled, except in
cases of lost land orders, in which case proceedings must be taken
under the Lost Land Orders Act, 1861.
No scrip can be delivered by the Commissioner until the land order
in satistaction of which such scrip is issued has been cancelled by
him.
Upon the receipt of scrip all the right, title, interest, claim, and de¬
mand of the person to whom the same is issued, and of all other per¬
sons whatsoever, to the land in respect of which scrip shall have been
issued is extinguished; and the issue of such scrip is, both at law and
in equity, a full and complete performance by the Crown, on behalf of
the New Zealand Company, of the contract or obligation of the Com¬
pany in respect of which such scrip shall have been issued.
All scrip to be issued under the authority of the said Act is trans¬
ferable and is receivable as cash ny the Receiver of Land Revenue in or
towards the purchase of waste lands of the Crown in any part of the
provincial district of Wellington, but not elsewhere, and must be exer¬
cised within five years from the date of its issue claims for the exer¬
cise of scrip not made within such period of five years are barred.
The Commissioner cannot entertain or investigate any claims in
which the claimant shall not have notified his intention to have his
claim heard and decided under the provisions of the said Act within
the time limited for making such application. All claimants failing
to avail themselves of the provisions of the said Act are barred, and
their claim extinguished by reason of such defauit,
Claimants not resident within the Colony of New Zealand should
forthwith appoint a duly authorized agent to do and perform what¬
ever may be requisite to obtain the benefit of the said Act.—Dated
at Wellington this 4th day of January, 1878.
(Signed) DAVID LEWIS, a Commissioner for the purposes
of the above referred to Act.
RE-PAVING OXFORD STREET.—Notice.—During
the obstruction in Oxford-street, the CARRIAGE ENTRANCE
Smyth's Midinery Show Rooms will be at their establishment,
No. 276, Regent-street.
TRAFFIC NOTICE.—In consequence of the laying
of wood-paving, now in progress, opposite my premises in Ox¬
ford-street, the public is informed that CARRIAGES may conve¬
niently SET DOWN and TAKE UP at the No. 1, Great Portland¬

PETER ROBINSON, Oxford-street, W.
SHOOTING—90 covert, 310 open, with gentleman's
Residence, and 15 or 35 acres of grass land, 30 miles from Lon¬
don, five from Southend-on-Sea. Good hunting and yachting near at
hand.—Roberts, Downes, and Co., 29, Bishopsgate-street, Bank, E.C.
SHOOTING.—WANTED, a GUN, to fill the place
of a gentleman whose health will not permit him to shoot this
eason. Forty miles from London by the Great Western and South¬
Western Rails. Good general shooting, viz, partridges, pheasants,
hare, and rabbits. The terms will include a furnished mansion,
keepers, and dogs. For particulars address A. B. A., care of Messrs.
G. H. Daw and Co., Gunmakers, 57, Threadneedle-street, London.
MORFOLK.—SHOOTING to be LET, for the season,
on one of the best game estates in this favourite county, extend¬
ing over 6,500 acres, and embracing all descriptions of game, includ¬
ing wildfowl. Furnished Mansion. Keepers paid by owner. For¬
further particulars apply to Messrs. Beadel, 97, Gresham-street, Lon¬
don, E.C.
ARTHUR CLEVELAND MONTAGU and Co.,
Legal and Confidential Agents, Mariborough-chambers, 49, Pall¬
mall, S.W. Mr. Montagu may be CONSULTED daily between 10
and 5 o'clock, on Saturdays till 2, on home and foreign cases. 20 years'
legal experience. Letters and telegrams promptly attended to."
THE WIGMORE TRAINED NURSES' INSTI¬
TUTE. — Resident skilled and experienced NURSES for Medical,
Surgical, Monthly, Mental, and Fever cases supplied at a minute's
notice. Address the Misses Carty, 34, Wigmore-street, London, W.
THE ASSOCIATION of TRAINED NURSES,
37, Davies-street, Berkeley-square, London, W., continues to
provide nurses and male attendants for all ailments, phystcal and
mental This is the original association, and not connected with any
other. Superintondent, Miss Hodges.
GENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, 5, Henrietta¬

street, Covent-garden,.
Medical Director—ALFRED EBSWORTH, F.R.C.S.
Resident skilled medicas surgical, and monthly nurses are supplied
at a moment's notice from this Institute ; also fever nurses, male at¬
tendants, and wet nurses. Applications to be add ressed to the Secre¬
tary or Lady-Superintendent.
OXFORD NURSING INSTITUTE, 299, Oxford¬
street, W., London,
Directress—Mrs. WYND.
HOSPITAL-TRAINED CERTIFICATED NURSES, for Medical
Surgical, Dipsomania, Fever, and Smallpox cases; also male and
female mental attendants supplied from this Institute at a minute's
notice. A large staff of Monthly Nurses.
GURSES.—Mr. WILSON'S INSTITUTION, 96,
Wimpole-street, Cavendish-square, London, W.
For upwards of 12 years the medical profession and the public have
been supplied with my Nurses, who reside at 96, Wimpole-street,
which is a guarantee of their respec ability and efficiency.
Certificates can be produced for most skilful nursing.
Medical, Surgical, Monthly, Mental, Dipsomania, Fever Nurses, &c.
Fever Nurses reside in a separate house.
Monthly Nurses who have obtained certificates for skill.
Male Attendants for all cases.
Nurses sent to all parts of England and the Continent at a
moment's notice. The nature of the case must be described, personally
or by letter or telegram, to Mr. Wilson, or Lady Superintendent.

REFORMED FUNERALS.—The FUNERAL
COMPANY'S speciality is in excellent modern carriages and
good horses, combined with superior management. Separate con¬
veyances for attendants if required.—28, New Bridge-street, E.C.,
No. 121, Gloucester-road, South Kensington, and 82, Baker-street, W.
ALEXIS BONO, General Manager.

THE SIMPLIFICATION of FUNERALS.—RE¬
FORMED FUNERALS, upon the principle advocated in The
Times. An explanatory pamphlet, with list of charges, gratis, on ap¬
plication to the LONDON NECROPOLIS COMPANY, 2, Lancaster¬
place, Strand, W. C. Patent Earth-to-Earth Coffins.
DALBEATTIE GRANITE MONUMENTS,
Columns, &c.—SHEARER, SMITH, and Co., Dalbeattie Granite
Works, Dalbeattie, N.B.
MEMORIAL BRASSES, Monuments, and Windows.
Designs and estimates forwarded on application. Agents for
Haden's Iron Memorials.—FRANK SMITH and Co., 13, Southamp¬
ton-street, Strand.
CLUNY TAPESTRY in ART COLOURS, and Cur¬
tain Fabrics in Silk, Wool, and Cotton, from 3s. 6d. to 33s. 6d.
per yard. Registered designs. Sets of patterns forwarded for in¬
spection.—FRANK SMITH and Co.
LTAR COVERS, and every other requisite for
church adornment, wood, metal, and stonework. Catalogues
for 12 stamps. Funeral palls on hire.—FRANK SMITH and Co.,
Church Furniture Warehouse, 13, Southampton-street, Strand, Lon¬
don, W.C.
CHURCH PLATE, including Chalices, Flagons,
Patens, and Offertory Basins, made in accordance with the rules
of the Ecclesiological Society. Pocket services, in morocco cases, for
the visitation of the sick. A pamphlet, illustrated with engravings, will
be forwarded gratis on application to the GOLDSMITHS' ALLIANCE
(Limited), Manufacturing Silversmiths, 11 and 12, Cornhill, London.
CHUBB and SONS CHURCH CATALOGUE,
containing 300 designs of church fittings in metal, wood, tiles,
&c., sent free on application to Chubb and Son, 57, St. Paul's church¬
yard, London, E.C. Chubb and Son's Lock and Safe Business Re¬
moved to 128, Queen Victoria-street, E.C.
MONOGRAMS.—RODRIGUES' NOVELTIES in
MONOGRAMS, Crests, and Addresses. Steel dies engraved
as goms. Note paper and envelopes artistically illuminated in gold,
silver, bronze, and colours. Relief stamping one colour, 1s. per 100.
All the new and fashionable note papers kept in stock.—42. Piccadilly.
