C.—Find some PLACE where  LETTER can be

SENT.
M. to 88. Quite well and happy. Hoping to
M."

D.—200, 179, 211, 181, 214, 19, 512—248, 206, 1163.
851. 81165, 1166—864—80905—(Sydon, Syria—).—Pollaky, 13, Pad¬

HERIOUS ACCIDENT in GRACECHURCH¬
OSTREET.—All PERSONS who WITNESSED the serious ACCI¬
DENT that happened by G. Lake's dining rooms in Gracechurch¬
street, at 10,45 on Wednesday morning last.
ae e iel in

ladder, are earnestly requested to COMMUNICATE with Mr. Swan,
at 14, Great Winchester-street, E.C., without delay.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD. —LEFT his HOME, on
the 1st of March, 1864, JAMES HENRY WITHERS, formerly of
the Castle Hotel, Portland, and after that of Weymouth, and also well¬
known in the neighbourhood of Ealing, Hanwell, and Brentford,
Middlesex. Any one giving information of his whereabouts to the
Superintendent of Police, at Weymouth or Hanwell, shall receive the
above reward.
LOST, (lately), probably at Richmond or in the
neighbourhood of Canonbury or Highbury, a DIAMOND and
EMERALD RING. If brought to the housekeeper, 10, Austinfriars,
city, the finder shall be suitably REWARDED.
LOST, between the hours of 5 and 7, on the 22d,
between Cheapside and London-bridge, a TEN POUND BANK
of ENGLAND NOTE. Number known, and stopped. The finder
will be well REWARDED. Apply to W. Adams, the Anchor, Cheap¬

LOST, between Shoreditch Station and Victorla¬
park, on Friday night, the 22d inst., a LADY's GOLD WATCH
and CHAIN. On their restoration to the owner, Mrs. Cumberland,
0 
Bonner's-road, Victoria-park, the finder shall be liberally

LOST, on Friday last, at the Waterlo Station, or in
going from thence to Cannon-street, a TICKET CASE, contain¬
ng season tickets, &c., of no use except to the owner. TEN SHIL¬
LINGS REWARD will be paid if it be returned to 37, Arundel-street,
Strand.
LEFT, in a CAB, conveying a party from the Adelphi
Theatre, on the night of July 15, a BLACK DOUBLE OPERA¬
GLASS, in maroon coloured leather case. Whoe
te
to 9, Great Cumberland-street, Hyde-park, shall be REWARDED.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday
evening, the 8th July, (between Cavendish-square, Albert-gate,
and Belgrave-square, a GOLD BRACELET. Whoever has found the
same and will bring it to Messrs. Lambert, jewellers and silversmiths,
No. 12, Coventry-street, Haymarket, shall receive the above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at the Crystal
Palace, Saturday, July 16, a GOLD BRACELET, with a horse¬
shoe of turquoises and and small brillants. The above reward will
be given to any person bringing the same to Mrs. Rimer, 43, Sloane¬
street, S.W.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, about six
weeks ago, a SIGNET RING, with red cornelian stone, engraved
with coat of arms. Ring, garter pattern; in the inside engraved
"M. and F. to B., 9th August, 1853." Whoever will bring the above
to Mr. Steel, 2, Spring-gardens, Charing-cross, shall receive the above

FOUND, on May 24th, a BLACK and TAN DOG,
with a steel collar with a brass plate on it. If not owned in 10
days will be sold.—William Neighbour, 5, Blandford-place, Kentish¬

FOUND, on the 13th, in Old Burlington-street, a
BRACELET. The owner can have it by giving a full description
and paying expense of this advertisement. Apply, between 2 and 4, at
Mrs. Bridge's, 2, Sherwood-street, back of the County Fire-office, Re¬
gent-street.
INHERITANCE in FRANCE.—The HEIRS or
NEXT of KIN of the late M. JEAN-BAPTISTE COUSIN,
proprietor, and formerly maker of travelling caps, who resided at
No. 45, rue du Temple, and also on the Boulevard St. Martin and
Boulevard Beaumarchais, and who died in Paris on the 14th June,
1864, leaving a considerable fortune, and particularly Madame Jose¬
phine Z6lie Leclere and M. Ferdinand Leclere, who resided in the year
1851, at Marlborough-cottage, No. 9. Park-village east, Regent's-park,
London, are requested to COMMUNICATE with M. Guedon, Nota y.
at No. 214, rue St. Antoine, Paris, he being appointed to represent
them and discover their respective places of residence.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed (Stock.—Ap¬
plications having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £245 0s. 4d. Consoli¬
dated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of the
Rev. HENRY DALTON, of Clovelly, near Bideford, clerk, and which
was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the
Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July,
1854; Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid, to the said Rev. Henry Dalton, who has claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his claim thereto.
THE HERO of NIAGARA.—BLONDIN begs to
inform his numerous friends and patrons in England, on the con¬
tinent, and elsewhere that he is now on a professional tour through
Italy, Germany, Austria, and Russia, and that he has NO CON¬
NEXION whatever with the person who has been performing at the
Hippodrome, in Paris, who falsely assumes the title of "Blondin, the
Hero of Niagara," the undersigned being the only one of that name
who ever crossed the Falls on a rope.—J. F. Blondin, Hero of Niagara,
Hotel Schwender, Vienna, July 8, 1864.
IN the Matter of LETTERS PATENT granted to
SAMUEL WILLIAM CAMPAIN, of Deeping Saint Nicholas, in
the county of Lincoln, farmer, for his invention of "Improved Ma¬
chinery for removing or elevating straw and other agricultural pro¬
duce," bearing date the 10th day of December, 1859 (No. 2,810).—Notice
is hereby given, that the said Samuel William Campain has applied by
petition to the Commissioners of Patents for Inventions for leave to
file in the Great Seal Patent-office, with the Specification to which the
same relates, a DISCLAIMER and MEMORANDUM of ALTERA¬
TION of PART of the SPECIFICATION of the said Letters Patent:
and that any person intending to oppose such application must give
notice thereof at the office of the Solicitor-General, No. 1, Mitre-court¬
buildings, Temple, within ten days from the date hereof. —Dated
this 22d day of July, 1864.
NEWTON and SON, Agents for the Petitioner, 66, Chancery-lane.
IN the Matter of LETTERS PATENT granted to
CHARLES GREY HILL, of Commerce-square, High-pavement,
in the town and county of the town of Nottingham, lace manufacturer.
for "Improvements in machinery, or in apparatus connected therewith,
in the manufacture of bonnet and cap fronts, rouches, and millinery,
or other trimmings," bearing date the 2d of October, 1861 (No. 2.462).—
Notice is hereby given, that the said Charles Grey Hill has applied by
petition to the Commissioners of Patents for Inventions for leave to
file in the Great Seal Patent-office, with the Specification to which
the same relates, a MEMORANDUM of ALTERATION of PART
of the SPECIFICATION of the said Letters Patent; and that any
person intending to oppose such application must give notice thereof
at the office of the Solicitor-General, 1, Mitre-court-buildings, Temple,
within 10 days from the date hereof.—Dated this 22d day of July, 1864.
GEO. JON. ROBINSON, Nottingham, Agent for the said
Petitioner.
M. HENRY, 84, Fleet-street, London, Agent for the said
Petitioner's Agent.
GAUT ION. — SPECTACLES. — BERNARD
DAVIS, optician, 430, Euston-road, begs to CAUTION the public
against persons using his name. His spectacles, with improved ground
lenses, are the only ones ever noticed by a Medical Journal. Obtained
only as above. With pebbles, 10s. 6d.; glasses, 5s. 6d.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz.:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
CAUTION.—G. W. WHEATLEY and Co. (formerly
Waghorn), established 28 years, overland parcel carriers and
general forwarding agents to all parts of the world, caution the public
against being misled by imitations of their advertisements, placards,
and tariffs.— Wheatley and Co.'s only offices in London are 150, Leaden¬
hall-Street; Chaplin's, Regent-circus, 150, Cheapside, and 23, Regent-st.
TO Messrs. WHEATLEY and Co.—In consideration
of your abstaining from taking proceedings to obtain an injune¬
tion against me, I undertake and agree forthwith to cease to issue the
circulars, both books and handbills, of which, you complain; and I
further undertake and agree to abstain in future from using any title
in imitation of the title used by you, and further to abstain from copy¬
ing, extracting, or imitating the circulars or advertisements issued by
you from time to time. —Dated 29th day of July. 1863.
(Signed
WILLIAM R. SUTTON,
d)
LAMPTULICON.—Trades Mark Act.—CAU¬
TION.—Several of TAYLER, HARRY, and Co.'s patterns having
been copied and imitated, they hereby give notice, that they have
adopted as a trade mark the monogram of the firm in a diamond,
and request that purchasers will see that the above is stamped on all
goods offered as their make.—Tayler, Harry, and Co., 42, St. Paul's
churchyard, sole manufacturers of kamptulicon floorcloth two yards
wide. Prize medal "For excellence of quality', Honourrble Mention
"For general merit," 1862. Signed,
STAYLER, HARRY, and Co.
CAUTION. —CHLORODYNE. —Vice-Chancellor
Sir W. Page Wood stated "That Dr. Browne was undoubtedly
the inventor of chlorodyne."—Vide The Times, July 13, 1864. The
public, therefore, are cautioned against using any imitations called
after it. Medical testimonials affirm it to be the most efficacious
medicine ever discovered for consumption, coughs, colds, asthma, bron¬
chitis, spasm, rheumatism, dysentery, diarrhea, &c. No home should
be without it. Sold in bottles, at 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d., each, and sent free on
receipt of post order or stamps to J. T. DAVENPORT, pharma¬
centist, 33, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury-square. London. N.B.
Always ask for Dr. J. Collis Browne's chlorodyne, and see his name on
the Government stamp.
TO Messrs. CHUBB and SON, St. Paul's church¬
yard.—Gentlemen,—I earnestly beg that you will be good enough
to discontinue the legal proceedings which you have directed your
solicitor to commence against me, in consequence of my having un¬
lawfully imitated your trademarks upon lock escutcheons whereby
I have rendered myself liable to heavy punishment. I humbly
APOLOGIZE for having thus transgressed the law, which shall be a
lesson for me in future ; and, at the same time, I beg to hand over to
you all the patterns and castings in my possession, and to consent to
your publishing this letter in any way you may think proper. I need
scarcely say, that I shall always feel grateful for the leniency you have
shown me, and I undertake to pay all costs you have incurred in the
matter, as well as those consequent upon advertising this apology.—
WILLIAM LOCKLEY, brassfounder, Bromsgrove-street, Birming¬
ham, June 16, 1864. Witness, Thos. Binchard, solicitor, Wolver¬
hampton.
TO Messrs. CHUBB and SON, St. Paul's church¬
yard.—Gentlemen, We hereby beg you to withdraw the legal
roceedings you have instituted against us for unlawfully counterfeit¬
ing (by us) of your trade mark upon escutcheons for iron safes, which
we did in ignorance, and without intending to injure your trade. We
APOLOGIZE for having thus transgressed the law, and hand over to
you the patterns and castings in our possession. We also consent to
vour publishing this
oe h h h manner as you may think fit.—
Yours obediently, WILLIAM HYATT and SON, Temple-street,
Wolverhampton, July 14, 1864.
CAUTION—HARRIS's SPECTACLES.—THOMAS
HARRIS and SON CAUTION the public against personsusing their
name. Their business (established 1780) is solely conducted at 52, Great
Russell-street, opposite the British Museum-gate, where only can be
had their celebrated spectacles, opera and field glasses. No travellers
DESTRUCTION of Mr.COXWELL's BALLOON.
—The loss of Mr. Coxwell's new balloon, at Leicester, has ex¬
cited in the public mind feelings of general sympathy.
This magnificent balloon had just been built by Mr. Coxwell en¬
tirely at his own expense, and was designed by him to continue and
extend the aeral researches so ably conducted by Mr. Glaisher, on be¬
half of the British Association.
Mr. Coxwell's friends and admirers feel that the public, as well as
scientific men, have so great an interest in his being placed in a posi¬
tion immediately to resume his professional duties that they have de¬
sermined he shall not be left to his own unaided resources in the pre¬
sent emergency.
With this view, a Committee has been formed as under, and a bank
ing account has been opened entitled "The Coxwell Balloon Fund,"
in aid of which CONTRIBUTIONS are now invited from the public.
COMMITTEE.
JAMES GLAISHER, Esq., F.R.S., Royal Observatory, Greenwich,
Chairman
The Marquis of Blandford
H. Emerson Westear, Esq., Royal Horse Guards
F. G. Burnaby, Esq. Royal Horse Guards
Captain Woodgate, Norwood.
Lieutenant Hatton Turnor, Rifle Brigade
The Count Schaffgotsch, Berlin.
Frederick Norris, Esq., King-street, St. James's
W. F. Ingelow, Esq., Holland-street, Kensington
Edward Atkinson, Esq., 5, Hanover-street, Regent-street
Fredk, W. Ellis, Esq., Maida-hill
Magnus Ohren, Esq., Sydenham
Robins. Esq., Stamford-hill
S. W. Silver, Esq., Norwood-lodge, Streatham
Osborn Stock, Esq., Torrington-square.
H. Thompson, Esq., Gresham-house.
(With power to add to their number.)
Bankers—The National Bank. Head office, 13, Old Broad-street, E.C.
Branches—47, Charing-cross; 19, Glocester-gardens, Bayswater; 112,
High-Street, Camden-town; 4, Arabella-row, Pimlico.
All subscriptions will be duly advertised.
FOR FAMILY ARMS.—CULLETON's
HERALDIC OFFICE, the established authority for furnishing
famfly arms, crests, and pedigrees. Send name and county. Arms
quartered and impaled, plain sketch, 3s. 6d. ; in heraldic colours, 6s.;
arms, crest, and motto, with heraldic description, beautifully painted
in rich colours, 12s.—By T. Culleton, genealogist, 25, Cranbourn-street
corner of St. Martin's-lane).
