N.—Authorise B. to sign your name to joint
petition, to save him and your family great trouble
WANTED, JAMES HENRY CURREY, formerly
of Back Mount, Chorley, in the county of Lancaster, who dis¬
appeared from the house of his aunt, Mrs. W. Nightingale (formerly
Miss Howarth), at Chorley aforesaid, in or about the month of Novem¬
ber, 1366, and is supposed to have enlisted, and has not since been
heard of. He is entitied to a share in the estate of his late father,
Joseph Currey, of which he may obtain particulars from Messrs.
Harvey, Alsop, and Stevens, 12, Castle-street, Liverpool.
NEXT of KIN.—Mules.—The NEXT of KIN of
MARGARET JANE, otherwise JANE MULES, formerly of
No. 18, James-street, Kennington, but late of No. 170, Hill-street,
Walworth, both in the County of Surrey, Spinster, deceased, who died
at No. 170, Hill-street, aforesaid, on the 25th day of March, 1878, are
requested to APPLY to the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's
Treasury, Whitehall, London.
8th August, 1878
WILLIAM BRAIN, Deceased. — William Brain, late
of the parish of Saint John. Hampstead, in the county of Mid¬
diesex, gentleman, deceased (who died on the 12th day of April, 1805),
by his will directed his trustees upon the death of his great nephew,
William Brain (who died on the 15th day of December, 1377), to sell
certain property and divide the proceeds equally between all the
children of his nephews. John Brain and Thomas Bram.—All persone
claiming to be CHILDREN of the said JOHN BRAIN and THOMAS
BRAIN, or Issue or Next of Kin of such children, are required to
send particulars in writing of their claims to William Turner and
William ftopinson, the present trustees of the will of the said William
Brain, deceased, at the office of their solicitor, Mr. Evan Morris,
situate at Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh, on or before the 21st
day of September, 1373, after which dare the said Trustees will dis¬
tribute the proceeds of sale of the said property among the parties
entitied thereso, having regard only to the claims of which they shall
then have had notice, and will not be liable for the said proceeds of
sale, or any part thereof, so distributed to any person of whose claim

1878. HELDER, ROBERTS, and GILLETT, 2, Veruiam-build¬

Wrexham, Denbighshire, Solicitor for the said William
Turner and William Robinson.
MARY WILSON deceased—Pursuant to an Order of
the Chancery Division of the lligh Court of Justice made in
the matter of the Trusts of the Will of Mary Wilson late of the city of
Chester Spinster deceased so far as it relates to four-fifths of the
residue All persons claiming to be NEXT of KIN according to the
Statutes for the distribution of Intestates estates of the said MARY

of the said next of kin as are now dead are on or before the 29th day
of October 1878 to come in and prove their claims at the Chambers of
the Vice Chancellor Sir Richard Malins situate at No. 3 Stone Build¬
ings Lincoln's Inn Middlesex or in default thereof they will be
peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the said Order Thursday
the 7th day of November 1878 at 12 of the clock at noon at the said
Chambers is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims.
The said Mary Wilson stated to have been the daughter of Alexander
Wilson of Worthington Cumberland Shoemaker by her will dated the

between Josepn Sargent and William Sargent (sons of Joseph and
Rebecca Sargent of Manchester) Margaret Lewis and Mary Lewis

Lewis and Maria Sargent daughter of Joseph Sargent (son of the said

wise of these legatees the next of kin of the Testatrix are wanted.
Dated this 31st day of July 1878.
EDWARD SHEARME Chief Clerk.
TATHAM PROCTER  Co. 35 Linceln's Inn Fields.
HARDING JAMES
HENRY. Whereas by an
Order of the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice
dated the 31st May 1878 made Exparte Charles Edward Berrey In the
matter of The National Debt Act 1870 the following enquiry is
directed that is to say "An Enquiry who is or are entitled to the £734
Consolidated £3 per centum Annuities and £500 Reduced Three
pounds per centum Annuities standing in the name of George James
Berrey the legal personal representative of JOHN ALEXANDER
BERREY and afterwards transferred to the Commissioners for the
reduction of the National Debt to the dividends due and to accrue
due thereon respectively" Now pursuant to such order all persons
CLAIMING to be entitied to the FUNDS in such order mentioned are
by their Solicitors on or before the 31st day of October 1878 to come in
and prove their claims at the Chambers of the Vice-Chancellor Sir
Richard Malins situate No. 3 Stone Buildings Lincolus Inn Middle¬
sex or in default thereof they will be peremptorily excluded from the
benefit of the said order. Tuesday the 12th November 1878 at 12 of the
clock at noon at the said Chambers is appointed for hearing and ad¬
judicating upon the claims. It appears by the proceedings that one
James Henry Harding who in the year 1842 was described as of
Ipswich and is berieved to have been then resident there would if
living be absolutely entitled to the fund Dated this second day of
August 1878
ALFRED RAWLINSON Chief Clerk
KYNASTON E GASQUET 83 Queen Street Cheapside, E.C.
cficitors to Charles Edward Berrey
PURSUANT to an Order of the High Court of Jus¬
tice Chancery Division made In the Matter of the Estate of Eli¬
zabeth Sisson deceased and in an Action Salkeld y Salkeld 1877. S. 230
the persons claiming to be NEXT of KIN accorning to the Statutes
for the distribution of Intestates lsstates of ELIZABETH SISSON
spinster deceased late of 2 Victoria Square Clifton in the County of
Gloucester who died in or about the month of April 1877 living at the
time of her death or claiming to be the legal personal representatives
of such of the said next of kin as are now dead are by their Solicitors
on or before the 4th day of October 1878 to send notice of their Claims
to Mr. Edmund George Harrison of No. 5 Raymond Buildings Grays
Inn Middlesex a Member of the Firm of Johnston & Harrison of the
same place the Solicitors of the Plaintiffs Tuursday the 31st day of
October at 12 o'clock at noon is the day appointed for such Claimants
to come in and prove their claims ar the Chambers of His Lordship
the Vice Chancellor Sir James Bacon No. 11 New Square Lincolns Inn
Middlesex or in default thereof they will be peremptorily excluded
from the benefit of the said Order The said Elizabeth Sisson de¬
ceased was a Granddaughter of William Sisson late of Penrith in the
County of Cumberland Mercer deceased and Ann his Wife formerly
Ann Allason Spinster and it is believed the said Ann Allason was
related to persons named Foster, Jamison and Gilmore respectively
Dated this 9th day of August 18
CH. HARWOOD CLARK (hief Clerk.
JOHNSTON à HARRISON 5 Raymond Buildings Grays Inn
Plaintiffs Solicitors.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE Probate
Divorce and Admiralty Division (Probate) Victoria, by the
Grace of God, of the United Kinadom of Great Britain and Ireland,
Queen, Defender of the Faith. To the NEXT of KIN, if any, in
special, and all other persons in general, having or pretending to have
nyright, title, or interest, in and to the personal estate and effects of
CHARLES CARTER, late of No. 13, Westbourne Park Mews, South,
Westbourne Park, in the County of Middlesex, Retired Livery Stable
Keeper, deceased. Whereas it appears by the Records of the Princi¬
pal Probate Register of Our High Court of Justice, that there is now
depending in our said Court a Cause entitled "Cock and Cole y. Her
Majesty's Procurator General," wherein Frederick Cock and Samuel
Cole, the Plaintiffs, arelproceeding to prove in solemn ofri of law, the
last Will and Testament with two Codicils thereto (as contained in
the Drafts thereof) of the said Charles Carter deceased, who died on
or about the 2nd day of July 1877, at Mount Farm, Roxeth, near Har¬
row on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex. And whereas it appears
by the Affidavit of Frederick Cock one of the Plaintiffs, sworn on the
27th day of June 1878, and filed in the Principal Registry of Our High
Court of Justice, that the said Charles Carter died a Widower with¬
out a child or parent, brother or sister, uncle or aunt nephew or niece
or Cousin German, or any other relation, entitled to the personal
estate and effects of the said Testator in care he should be pronounced
to have died int state. Now this is to give notice to the next of kin
(if any) of the said deceased, or any other person or persons having
any right title or interest, in or to, the said personal estate, to appear
in the said Cause, either personally or by a Solicitor, at any time
during the defendence of the said Cause, and before final judgment
shall be given therein. And this is also to give notice that in de fault
thereof, one of the Judges of the Probate Division and Admiralty
Division of our said Court, will proceed to hear the said Will and
Codicils proved in so emn form of law, and pronounce Judgment in

fice notwiths
ding. Dated at London this
eighth day of August 1878.	DAVID HENRY OWEN Registrar.
NN PARRY, deceased. Notice is hereby given,
that ROBERT GRIFFITHS JOYCE, of Ruthin, in the County
of Denbigh. Jeweller, claims to be entitied to the Boar's Head Public
House and premises, situate in Clwyd Street, Ruthin, aforesaid, as
the heir at law ex parte materna of Ann Parry, late of Ruthin, afore¬
said, Spinster, who died intestate on the 23rd day of September, 1875.
And further that the said Robert Griflith Joyce has brought an
ACTION of EJECTMENT in the County Court of Denbighshire.
holden at Ruthin, against JOHN JOYCE, the present occupier of
the said house and premises, which will be tried on the 21st of August,

LLOYD A ROBERTS Ruthin Solicitors for the
said Robert Criffith Joyce.
SEASIDE CONVALESCENT HOSPITAL, Sea¬
ford, Sussex. (Established 1860.)—The Committee desire very
thankfully to ACKNOWLEDGE a handsome GIFT of an INVALID
CHAIR from Wm. Kemble. Esq.; and an additional Donation of
£10 10s. from Charles Goding, Esq.—Office, 36, Southampton-street,
Strand, London, W. C.—H. GREEN, Secretary.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—Whereas a BAY
MARE, three-parts bred, with black points, 15 hands 274 high,
STRAYED or was STOLEN from Mr. Anderson's field at Frogna,
Hampstead, N.W., on the night of Saturday last, Aug. 3d. The above
reward will be paid to anyone who shall give such information as will
lead to the conviction of the thief and the restoration of the mare to
her owner. The mare has marks of recent blistering on both fore legs,
has a crack in near fore hoof, and has edges of eyelids and muzzle
cream coloured. Information to be given to the Police, Hampstead.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP
subsisting between the undersigned John Harris and James
Harris, carrying on business as Farmers under the style or firm of
John and James Harris, at Woodbury Low Farms, in the parish of
Gamlingay, in the county of Cambridge, was DISSOLVED by mutual
consent on the 23d day of September, 1871, and all debts due to or
owing by them jointly will be received and paid by the said John
Harris, now of Three Houses Farm, Knebworth, in the county of
Hertford, Farmer. —Dated this 23d day of July, 1878.
JOHN HARRIS.
JAS. HARRIS.
Witness to the signatures of John Harris and James Harris—
Armigel Wade, Solicitor, Hitchin, Herts.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—MOET and
CHANDON'S CHAMPAGNE.—Frand.—It having come to
the knowledge of Messrs. Moët and Chandon that some wine pur¬
porting to be theirs, but bearing fraudulent imitations of their label
on the bottles, has recently been sold in Liverpool a

undersigned, as their solicitors, hereby offer a REWARD of FIFTY
POUNDS to any person who will give such INFORMATION as
shall lead to the conviction of the parties guilty of the Frand, or of
the Printer of the Label.—NICOL, SONS, and JONES, Solicitors to
Messrs. Moet and Chandon, 48, Lime-street, London, E.C.
TRAFFIC NOTICE.—In consequence of the laying
of wood-paving, now in progress, opposire my premises in Ox¬
ford-street, the public is informed that CARRIAGES may conve¬
niently SET DOWN and TAKE UP at the No. 1, Great Portland¬
street entrance.—PETER ROBINSON, Oxford-street, W.
DEVONSHIRE-PARK, Eastbourne.—ANNUAL
AMATEUR ATHLETIC SPORTS, Thursday, August 22, 1878,

Half-mile Race (Open)
Mile Race (Open Handicap)
Quarter-mile Race (Open Handi¬ Bicycle Race, two miles (Handi¬
ap).
cap).
100 Yards' Race (Ope 
Entrance-fee, 2s. 6d. each event.
The handicaps and open races close to the Secretary, at the park,
on Thursday, 15th of August.
THOS. HOLMAN, Secretary.
PARTRIDGE SHOOTING.—Kent.—An excellent
SHOOTING of 700 acres, near Canterbury. Rent £80. Game
abundant. Apply to Mr. J. D. Dougall, jun., 59, St. James's-¬
street, S.W.
MRISH MOOR.—A first-class MOOR to be LET, on
LEASE. Apply to Mr. J. D. Dougall, jun, 59, St. James's¬
street, S.W.
GROUSE MOORS.—Mr. J. D. Dougall, jun., has a
few first class DEER FORESTS and MOORS to LET, of which
every information can be had from him, at 59, St. James's-street, S. W.;
also Partridge Shootings and a first class Irish Moor on Lease. Four
and a half brace setters, with man, to hire.
STEAM LAUNCHES (Amazon and Atalanta) to be
LET. Will carry 35 persons. Have every accommodation, in¬
cluding large ladies' saloon, &c. Terms five guineas per day, all found.
Apply to C. and A. Burgoine, Boat Builders, Hampton-wick (South¬
Western Railway) and Kingston-on-Thames, where they may be seen.
Smaller Launches for Sale or Hire.
ARTHUR CLEVELAND MONTAGU and Co.,
Legal and Confidential Agents, Marlborough-chambers, 49, Pall¬
mall, S.W. Mr. Montagu may be CONSULTED daily between 10
and 5 o'clock, on Saturdays till 2, on home and foreign cases. 20 years'
legal experience. Letters and telegrams promptly attended to.
.
ROYAL ACADEMY of MUSIC. Instituted 1822.
Incorporated by Royal Charter 1830. Under the immediate

Her Most Gracious Majesty the QUEEN and the Royal Family.
President—The Right Hon. the Earl of DUDLEY.
Principal—Professor MACFARREN Mus. D. Cantab.
The MICHAELMAS TERM will COMMENCE on Monday, Sep¬
tember 23 (instead of 16), and terminate on Saturday, December 21.
Candidates for admission (bringing music they can perform) may be
examined at the Institution on Saturday, September 21 (instead of 14),
By order. JOHN GILL, Secretary.

Royal Academy of Music, Tenterden-street, Hanover-square.
GENTLEMEN, in town, country, or abroad, can have
their business and private CORRESPONDENCE addressed and
forwarded with safety. Name on window. Rooms for writing. Terms

Steady, SINGLE GENTLEMAN, of good family
and about 30 years of age wishes to JOIN a family for a few
weeks VISIT at the SEASIDE. Or would reside with a family,
where a little society could be had. Fond of lawn tennis, &c. State
particulars and terms F. A. M., Faulkner's, Loop Line, Waterloo
Station. London.
