E. E.—Did my last long letter not convince you,
dearest, how unfounded were your cruel accusations? I can
neither write nor say more than that I am now as ever your own
SHOULD this MEET the EYE of H. SPAIAR,
Esq., or anyone who can give his address, it will be thankfully
received by Mrs. H. Filmer Gomonde. Address 49, Amberley-road,
Harrow-road.
JOUTH KENSINGTON STATION. — Mr.
Robertson. Thursday evening, 2d June. Harps at concort. Was
there—but my mistake. Again. I trust in your promise. Pray answer
in this colu.
EAR BIDDY.—Come or write immediately.
Nothing justifies your absence. Anxiety will kill us. We feel
towards you as ever, and long to save you from trouble. Will meet all
claims. Am seeking an appointment. Emma ill. Your friend, CLARA.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT her HOME,
near Brompton, on the evening of Friday, 3d June inst., a YOUNG
LADY, age 17, but looks older; height about 5 feet 5 inches, fair com¬
plexion, hazel eyes, rather stout, round features. Supposed to be
dressed in black merino body, trimmed with violet, black hat and
feather. Linen marked "M. A. B." Wore a signet ring with white
stone and initials "R. A.G." Believed to be accompanied by a female
servant, missed at the same time; age 21 years, height about 5 feet
3 inches, dark complexion, dark brown hair. Supposed to be dressed
in mauve coloured gown, black cloth jacket trimmed with beads,
Initials "S. C." Any person giving to Messrs. Dalston and Son, soli¬
citors, 161, Piccadilly, London, W., the first information which shall
lead to the discovery of the young lady shall receive the above reward.
Should this advertisement be seen or heard of by the young lady her¬
self she is earnestly implored to immediately communicate with her
family.
LOST, by a poor man, between Covent-garden and
Agat-street, a FIVE POUND NOTE, marked on back Weaver,
JJune 8th, 1870. D.P. Whoever will return the same to T. J. Linscott,
No. 5. Helmet-court, Strand, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, on Tuesday, 7th, in Rotten-row, or between
Eaton-plase and Albert-gate, between the hours of 12 and 2, a
GOLD LOCKET, with one pearl in the centre, coutaining likeness of
a lady, attached to a triple gold chain. Whoever will take the same
to Roberts library, Arabella-row, Pimlico, shall receive TWENTY
SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, a BROWN PAPER PARCEL, containing
account books, &c., which was left in a second class carrlage of
the train which left Waterloo Station on Friday, the 27th ult., at 8.20
p.m. If any person has found the same and will communicate with
A. Z., at Mr. Dewdney's stationer, 1 and 2, Fenchurch-Street, TWO
POUNDS REWARD will be given on delivery of the same.
LOST, in the Crystal Palace Grounds, near the Syden¬
ham entrance, or in Kirkdale, Sydenham, on Monday last, be¬
tween 4 and 5 p.m., a RUSSIA LEATHER PURSE, with the word
Kate on the outside, containing some silver, two season tickets for
Crystal Palace, about 10s. in postage stamps, a gold stud set with tur¬
quoises, and several memoranda, of no use to any one but the
owner. The finder may keep the silver and stamps on returning the
purse to Farmery's post office, Sydenham.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in Hyde-park,
on Tuesday ufternoon, a PLAIN GOLD PENCILCASE, with
the owner's name and that of Messrs. Hancock, 152, New Bond-street,
who will pay the above reward on its restoration.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, 6th instant,
at or near Messrs. Tattersall's, Knightsbridge, or Left in a Han¬
som Cab, between there and the west-end, a MISCELLANECUS
PARCEE of CHEQUES, in an open envelope, viz., One payable to C.
Head, or order, for £470, signed Kane; one for. £55, payable to C.
Head, signed Leslie ; one for £15, signed Levey one for £105,
signed Cunliffe; and other cheques; payment stopped. Information
to be given at No. 12, Great Windmill-Street, Haymarket. No further
reward will be offered as payment is stop
ed.
FOUND, on the 6th instant, in the Botanic Gardens,
Regent's-park, a SEAL and WATCH KEY, attached to a small
Chain. The owner can have the same by giving all particulars there of
and paying expenses of advertising. Apply, by letter, to B. P. G.,
Neale s library, 15, Warwick-street, Pin.
s
NEXT of KIN.—A classihed and descriptive INDEX
(of 20,000 names guaranteed) to Advertisements for Next of Kin,
Chancery Heirs, Legatees, &c., from 1700 to 1869, post free for 32
stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER, 17, Southampton-buildings, Chancery-¬
lane, London, W.C. Wills searched for.
NOTICE.—I, the undersigned, the Reverend Henry
Wall Tibbs, of Waterville-terrace, North Shields, in the county
of Northumberland, of Powk-hall, Claverly, in the county of Salop,
Clerk in Holy Orders, and Visar of Bobbington, in the counties of
Stafford and Salop, hereby give notice that I do intend henceforth to
adopt the surname of my maternal grandfather Senhor Antonio
Pereira de Queiros, of Oporto and Villa Nova, in the kingdom of
Portugal, and that from and after this 4th day of June, 1870. I shall
ASSUME, take, and use in all deeds and writings, and upon all ce¬
casions, the SURNAME of PEREIRA (in lieu of that of Tibbs), and
no other surname; and I desire, accordingly, that all persons, as oc¬
casion may require, will henceforth address and style me by the sur¬
name of Pereira only. In evidence whereof, I have this day executed
a deed poll, to be forthwith enrolled in Her Majesty's High Court of
Chancery. —Dated this 4th day of June, 1870.
sesseos
Now HENRY W. PEREIRA.
Witness—Jas. Radford, Solicitor.
DODGE and PERRY.— Indiarubber Trade.—Messrs.
James Perry and Co., 37, Red Lien-square, 3, Cheapside, and
No. 355, Strand, London, manufacturers, patentees, and wholesale
dealers in fancy articles, having, in their Illustrated Price Current for
the month of May, inadvertently and by clerical error, inserted the
name of Mr. George Pomeray Dodge, of the Bermondsey Rubber
Works, S.E., and Upper Thames-street, E.C., among their list of
bankrupts, instead of as the petitioning creditor of one Charles Wigley.
bankrupt, and Mr. Dodge having generously consented to withdraw an
action commenced agamst Messrs. Perry and Co.upon their RECTIFY¬
ING the ERROR, by the suppression of said List, and the promment cor¬
srection of said error in the next six editions, and by the insertion of
this advertisement, at their expense, in such London, Liverpool, and
Manchester daily papers, and such previncial, colonial, and foreign
papers, as he (Mr. Dodge) may require, they (Messrs. Perry) paying all
costs thereof, as well as the costs in the suit, they now have pleasure in
accepting these terms and complying therewith by the insertion of
present and other advertisements and correctious as agreed.
(Signed) JAMES PERRY and Co.

CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sance, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label, used so many years, signed

CAUTION.—CHUBB'S PATENT SAFES, for
effectually securing books, deeds, cash, plate, and jewels from
fire and burglars, can be obtained, in London, only at Chubb and Son's,
No. 57, St. Paul's charebyard.
CAUTION.—Brage's Charcoal Biscuits.—J. L.
BRAGG has occasion to CAUTION the public against IMITA¬
TIONS of his celebrated CHARCOAL BISCUITS. Those manufac¬
tured by him all bear his label and trade mark (J. L. B.). Sold by all
chymists, and at 14, Wigmore-street, Cavendish-square, London, W.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of traveliers in the country using their

taining the genuine tinted and registered achromatic lenses should
apply only direct to them, at 89, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
CAUTION.—PANCREATIC EMULSION and
PANCREATINE.—We hereby caution the public against in¬
ferior preparations of the above Medicines. Purchasers should see

SAVORY and MOORE, 143, New Bond-street, London.
March, 1870.
CAUTION.—Ice Safes or Refrigerators.—The new
DUPLEX REFRIGERATOR, combining every modern im¬
provement, registered 17th March, 1869.—Notice is hereby given, that

Company's rights under the registration by the sole makers, the
WENHAM LAKE ICE COMPANY, 140, Strand, London, W.C.
CAUTION.—Patterns Free.—D. NICHOLSON and
es
them alone can PATTERNS of all the NEW SILKS, Cambries, and
Dress Fabrics be obtained, arranged in the new Registered Plan, by
which every pattern can be seen at a glance.—Nos. 50 to 52, St. Paul's
churchyard. Ladies are invited to write for patterns.
CAUTION.—The THREE-GUINEA GOLD
BRIDESMAID's LOCKET, of best workmanship, gold opening
back to contain two miniatures and any initials, in fine pearls, tur¬
quoises, cosal, or coloured enamels, can only be obtained of the regis¬
tered designers and inventors, Messrs. HOWELL, JAMES, and Co.,
jewellers to the Royal Family, 5, 7, 9, Regent-street, Pall-mall. Five
per cent, discount allowed fer cash.
CAUTION.—Billiards.—THURSTON and Co. beg
sessesseumn.
represented to be secand-hand tables of their manufacture. In order
to protect themselves and intending purchasers from this gross imposi¬
tion, they will, without charge, examine any billard tables which may
be offered for sale purportin; to be of their make. —14, Catherine-street,
Strand, London, W.C. Established 1814.
CAUTION.—The Pall-mall Jewel Case. —Messrs.
HOWELL, JAMES, and Co. beg respectfully to caution the
public that they ure the sole patentees and manufacturers of the newly¬
invented PALL-MALL JEWEL CASE, the chief characteristics of
which will recommend themselves as a ready deposit and safeguard to
valuable property. In the construction of the case the greatest sim¬
plicity and portability have been observed, coupled with the utmost
secrecy and consequent security to the contents. It is fire-proof: and,
in discarding the hitherto shapened receptacles for the several articles,
the case is adapted to fit any jewel without the fear of the slightest
injury. —Howell, James, and Co., Regent-street, Pall-mall.
CAUTION.—Ice Safes.—Important to persons re¬
quiring ASHS PATENT FILTERING REFRIGERATOR.—
These Filtering Ice Safes having a world mide reputation on account
of their great superiority to any others, the Piston Freezing Machine
eeeeas
IMITATIONS with a similar name, now frequently offered for sale,
which are not only inferior in construction, but totally different in
principle. Ash's Patent Filtering Refrigerator is manufactured solely
by the Piston Freezing Machine and Ice Company, and can be seen in
action at their offices, 314 and 3156, Oxford-street, near Harewood-gate.
CAUTION.—E. MOSES and SON beg to inform the
public, that they have adopted and registered a TRADE¬
MARK, consisting of the words "The Standard," with the initials
"E. M. and S." underneath, and that henceforward every article of
clothing manufactured by them will have a label or ticket attached
to it with the said trade-mark printed thereon. All persons are
hereby cautioned against imitating the said trade-mark.—E. Moses
and Son, merchant tailors and outfitters for all classes.
Corner of Minorios and Aldgate.
London New Oxford-street, corner of Hart-street.
(Corner of Tottenham-court-road and Euston-road.
Country Branch, Bradford, Yorkshire.
CAUTION.—Registered Trade Marks.—"Platt's
Silk Mixtures," "Platt's Tweeds."—PLATTS SILK MIXTURES
are stamped every two yards "Platt's Silk Mixtures." These goods
are made expressly for us in the West of England, and are the very
best material to be had for clerical or mourning trousers. Platt's
Tweeds.—These celebrated tweeen are stamped every two yards
Platt's Tweeds. They are made expressly for riding trousers,
shooting suits, or for hard general wear, and are unequalled for quality
of material, weight, strength, perfectness of make, clearess and
soundness of solour. These goods can be ordered through any respect¬
able tailor in every town of the kingdom and colonies, but are to be
had only by shipbers and the trade from the introducers, James Platt
and Co., 78, St. Martin's-lane, and 23 and 29, Cranbourn-street,
London, W.C.
CAUTION to the TRADE and others.—WRIGHT'S
PATENT LICHFIELD COOKING RANGE.—Notice is hereby
given, that His Honour the Vice-Chancellor Malins has this day, in a
cause in which the undersigned Henry Thomas Hassall is plantiff,
and Benjamin Wright, Thomas Marshall, Thomas Watson, and
Thomas Parkin Moorwood are defendants, granted an INTERIM
INJUNCTION until the hearing of the cause, or until further order,
restraming the defendant Benjamin Wright from licensing or autho¬
rizing any person or persons whomsoever other than the undersigned
Henry Thomas Hassall, to manufacture or be concerned in the manu¬
facturing of the above named Patent Lichfield Cooking Raage, or any
articles or things made, altered, or inshioned in accordance with the
letters patent granted in reference to the same range; and also a like
Injunction until the hearing of the csusefordurther order, restraining
the above named defendants Thomas Marshall, Thomas Watson, and
Thomas Parkin Moorwood, their servants, workraen, and agents, from
manufacturing or vending the same patent Lichfield cooking range, or
any articles or things made, altered, or fashioned in accordance with
the same letters patent. — Dated the 2d June, 1870.
"HENRY THOMAS HASSALL (Hassall and Singleton), Phonix
Foundry, Freeman-street, Birmingham.
Witness—Edwin Jaques, Plaintiff's Solicitor, Birmingham.
ALTERATION of NAME.—HANCOCKS and
Co., 39, Bruton-street, corner of Bond-street, jewellers and
silversmiths to the Queen and the Prince and Princess of Wales, bes
to announce that, in consequence of the retirement of Mr. C. F.
Hancock from this business, which he has carried on for so many
years, the name of the firm will be in future as above ; and also that
the remaining portion of the valuable stock of Jewellery and Works
of Art in gold and silver of the old firm is now being Sold for cash, at
greatly reduced prices.—Hancocks and Co., 39, Bruton-street, corner
of Bond-street. W.
NOTICE.—The TWEEDS manufactured by the

many years been noted for their superior quality and enduring wear.
In consenuence of several firms manufacturing an inferior imitation,



free.—SAMUEL, BROTHERS, merchant tailors, 50, Ludgate-hill.
NOTICE.—Mr. STREETER (late Hancock and Co.,
—
Ss
sente—
at the STEAM WORKS, Coach and Horses-yard, at the rear of his
Conduit-street premises, where he requests vans will deliver all large and


orders, either for England or abroad, with the greatest expedition.
