WES. Try again, and ask, as at first.—F. B.
SANDGATE.—Your friends wish to HEAR from
you. The house is vacant. Your sister will make arrangements
for you, if you can come; or write at once.—Ever A.B.
MR. G. BAXTER DIED, at 105, High-street,
Hastings, o
Mr. BLENKARN or some friend is
requested to COME DIRECTLY.
OMNIBUS ACCIDENT, Bayswater.—PERSONS
who were ON the OMNIBUS, or witnessed the collision between
one of the London General Omnibus Company's omnibuses and one of
Mr. Train's cars, in the Bayswater-road, on the 24th June last, at about
6.20 o'clock in the afternoon, are urgently requested to SEND their
NAMES and ADDRESSES to Messrs. Dawes and Sons, 9, Angel¬
court, Throgmorton-street, city.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—Whereas, DONALD
FRASER MUNRO, late Chief Booking-Clerk at the London
Terminus of the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway, has
ABSCONDED, after stealing the sum of £240, the moneys of his em¬
ployers, the said London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Com¬
pany, notice is hereby given, that the above reward will be paid by
Mr. R. R. Sadler, solicitor, 28, Golden-square, to any person giving
such information as shall lead to the apprehension and conviction of
the said Donald Fraser Munro. Information to be given to the De¬
tective Departments of the Metropolitan and City Police, or to any
police station in the United Kingdom.
LOST, from the city to Brixton, a BUNCH of
KEYS, July 16. A REWARD of FIVE SHILLINGS will be
given at W. Marr and Son's, Cannon-street.
LOST on Wednesday, in the Strand, a DARK
PEPPER-and-SALT rough SKYE TERRIER DOG, with white
frill on chest. Whoever will bring the same to 3, St. Martin's-place,
shall be REWARDED.
LOST, in Hyde-park, on Monday, between the hours
of 4 and 7 p.m., an OVAT-SHAPED LOCKET, set in garnets,
having a gold chain attached. Whoever will bring the above to Mr.
Wiltshire, engraver, 182, Oxford-street, W., shall be REWARDED.
LOST, a DIAMOND, out of a ring, last Friday
night week, July 5, by a lady coming from the Bank, in an om¬
nibus, to Brompton. If found, a handsome REWARD will be given
to whoever will bring the same to Mr. Barnes, news agent, 14, Prospect¬
place, Old Brompton, S.W.
LACE HANDKERCHIEF was LOST, on Mon¬

and Brompton. The finder
shall receive ONE POUND REWARD on bringing it to 3, White¬
head's-grove, Brompton.
BLACK LEATHER BAG.—If the PARTY who
TOOK, by mistake, the above, with the owner's name attached
on parchment, from the London-bridge Cloak-room, will RESTORE it
to 7, Victoria-street, Pimlico, FOUR POUNDS will be PAID.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday
evening, the 5th inst., at Cremorne-gardens, or on the road thither
from Wellington-square, Chelsea, a BROOCH, plain gold border, large
carbuncie, with small diamond star in the centre. The above reward
will be paid to any person bringing the brooch to 31, Wellington-square,
King's-road, Chelsea.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on board
the Citizen M. steamboat, at the match between Clasper and
Eagers, on Tuesday, 16th inst., a GOLD ALBERT CHAIN, with small
enamel locket, seal, and pebble cross attached. Whoever will bring
the same to Mr. Till, Queen's Head tavern, corner of Harp-lane, Great
Tower-street, shall receive the above reward. No further reward will
be offered, the above amount being beyond the value. —17th July, 1861.
FOUND, on the 4th of June, a RETRIEVER,
with chain collar, with "Dick Richards, Circus," engraved on.
I d
by paying expenses, at the Plumbers' Arms, Bel¬
grave-street, Pimlico.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt of the sum of £130 Consolidated Three per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of JANE COLE, of Great
Carlisle-street, Portman-market, Marylebone, widow, and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon not having been received since the 5th July, 1851;—Notice is
hereby given, that on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said STOCK will be TRANSFERRED, and the Dividends thereon
paid, to the said Jane Cole, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant suall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt of the sum of £78 14s. 3d. Consolidated Three
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of FREDE¬
RICK BEDWELL, of the Six Clerks' Office, Chancery-lane, and
CHRISTOPHER RAWLINSON, of Upper Wimpole-street, Esquires,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence
of the dividends thereon not having been received since the 5th of
July 1822; Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three
montas from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid, to the said Frederick Bedwell and Christo¬
pher Rawlinson, who have claimed the same, unless some other claim¬
ant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £270 14s. 10d. Consolidated
Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
CAROLINE DEWAR, of Melville-street, Edinburgh, widow, de¬
ceased, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in conse¬
quence of the dividends thereon not having been received since the 5th
January, 1851; Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid, to John Cockburn, the acting executor, who
has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—In
pursuance of an order of the Court of Chancery, dated the 21st
June, 1861, and made in the matter of the estate of George Kitchener,
deceased, &c., the officers of the Bank of England are directed to re¬
transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National
Debt, the Sum of £150 New Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore
standing in the name of GEORGE KITCHENER, of Little Britain,
seal engraver, deceased, and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners in consequence of the dividends thereon not having been
received since the 10th October, 1859; Notice is hereby given that, on
the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will
be Transferred and the Dividends thereon paid to Thomas Kitchener
and William Johnson, the persons named in the said order, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
IN CHANCERY.—Pursuant to a Decree of the High
Court of Chancery, made in a cause "Charles Bridger, plaintiff,
and William Bridger and Thomas Acres Curtis, defendants, " EDWARD
BRIDGER, who went to Melbourne from London in the ship Mount
Stuart Elphinstone in the month of April, 1852, and who was last heard
of in Melbourne in the month of August, 1855, and was then in delicate
health, is REQUIRED, on or before the 1st day of February, 1862, to
come in and prove his claim to part of the estate of Alfred Bridger the
testator in the pleadings in this cause named, at the chambers of the
Vice-Chancellor Sir John Stuart, No. 12, Old-square, Lincoln's-inn,
Middlesex; and if the said Edward Bridger be dead, then his repre¬
seutative or representatives are required to come in and prove when
and at what age he died; or, in default thereof, they will be peremp¬
torily excluded the benefit of this decree.—May 10, 1861.
igned)	ALFRED HALL, Chief Clerk.
EDWARD BASIL JUPP, Carpenters'-hall, London-wall,
London, Plaintiff's Solicitor.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—If
EDWARD BRIDGER, who went to Melbourne, in Australia, in
the ship Mount Stuart Elphinstone, which sailed from London in or
about the month of April, 1852, and from whom a letter was received
dated at Melbourne in August, 1855, but who has not since been heard
of by his family, and who is supposed by them to be dead, is still living,
he should apply forthwith to Edward Basil Jupp, solicitor, Carpenters'-¬
hall, London, otherwise application will be made on or after 1st Fe¬
bruary, 1862, to Her Maiesty's Court of Probate to grant letters of
administration of the effects of the said Edward Bridger, as having
died a bachelor and intestate on or after the 29th August, 1855, to
William Bridger, as the natural and lawful brother and next of kin of
the said Edward Bridger. Whoever will first give information leading
to the proof of the death of the said Edward Bridger, if dead, or if
living, information leading to his discovery to the above named
Edward. Basil Jupp, will receive a REWARD of ONE HUNDRED
POUNDS. — Dated this 24th day of May, 1861.
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
HENRY BALL, deceased.—Notice is hereby given,
that there are standing in the books of the Trustees,

the care of the Bristol Turnpike Roads, in the name of HENRY BALL,
formerly of the city of Bristol, and afterwards of Raby-house, Sydney
buildings, Bathwick, since deceased, the following TICKETS or DE¬
CLARATIONS of TRUST, viz.—No. 166, dated June 6, 1757, for £50;
No. 167, same date, for £50; No. 324, same date, for £50; No. 329,
same date for £50 ; and that it is the intention of the said Trustees to
PAY OFF, at the office of the undersigned, on the 21st day of January
next, the principal SUM of £50, secured by the said ticket or declara¬
tion of trust, numbered 329, with all interest then due thereon; and
that the interest on the said last-mentioned ticket will cease on and
from the said 21st day of January next. And notice is hereby also
given, that the unclaimed interest due on the said tickets up to the 24th
of June last will be paid to the holders of the said tickets on applica¬

CHAS. E. WARD, Clerk to the Bristol Turnplke Trustees.
Bristol, July 13, 1861.
DENT's CHRONOMETERS, Watches, and Clocks.
—Caution.—Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery, on the 11th
July, 1861, granted a perpetual INJUNCTION, restraining Henry
William Turpin, George Hathaway Turpin, and Adolphe Mosenthal
respectively, from manufacturing any watches marked with the name
of "Dent," and from selling or exporting, or causing to be sold or ex¬
ported for sale, any watches made and marked with the name of
"Dent," by them or by their order or direction. Manufacturers and
others ar eby cautioned against using the name or trade-mark of
"Dent."—M. F. Dent, 33 and 34, Cockspur-st., Charing-cross, London.
ROYAL HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.—
PROMENADE, every Wednesday and Saturday in July. The
public admitted on Saturdays. Tickets 2s. 6d. each. Bands at 4.
A Ballot for the Election of Fellows will take place July 29.
The Great Dahlia Show, Wednesday, Sept. 11. Tickets 2s. 6d.
ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS, Regent's-park.
Open daily (Sundays excepted). Admission 1s., on Mondays, 6d.
The band of the Royal Horse Guards will, by permission of Colonel
Baillie, perform in the gardens every Saturday, at 4 o'clock, until fur¬
ther notice. Among the latest additions is a brood of young emus,
hatched in the gardens. An official guide book is sold in the gardens,

CARRIAGE REGULATIONS. — PRIVATE
EVENING FETES at CREMORNE.—Regulations to prevent
obstructions by carriages This Day and Evening, July 18th, and Wed¬
nesday, 24th July, 1861:— Setting Dewn.
From London, carriages to proceed along the left-hand side of the
King's-road, set down at the Royal entrance, and draw off along King's¬
road up Gunter's-grove and Fulham-road, and remain as directed.
Carriages of the Lady Patronesses are to proceed by King's-road,
Beaufort-street, along the water-side to the hotel entrance, where they
will set down, take up, and return by the same route.
Waiting and Taking Up.
Carriages are to form in line in Gunter's-grove and Fulbam-road.
No carriages or vehicles of any description (except those which have
set down company at the Royal Cremorne Gardens) will be allowed to
remain on the roads near the gardens, but will remain where directed
by the police.
Carriages will be stopped by the police at any place, when necessary,
to prevent obstructions.
Servants and others waiting are to remain where directed by the
police, to prevent obstructions of the footways.
RICHARD MAYNE, Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis.
Metropolitan Police-office, 4, Whitehall-place, July, 1861.
CREMORNE.—PRIVATE FETES, THIS DAY
and EVENING (Thursday), July 18, and Wednesday, July 24, in
behalf of the Spitalfields Weavers' and Emigration Funds. Vouchers
may be exchanged until 4 o'clock to-day for tickets, 10s. 6d. each, ad¬
mitting to all the varied entertainments, at Mr. Mitchell's Royal
library, 33, Old Bond-street. Applications for vouchers may be ad¬
dressed to Mr. Mitchell, Bond-street.
THIS DAY.—CREMORNE.—Private Fete.—After¬
noon and Evening.—Doors will be open at 5 o'clock.—Juvenile
portion of the Entertainments to commence at half-past 5. Race of
small balloons—Passage of St. Gothard and Swiss Singers—Madame
Vandersmersch and Learned Birds—Divertissement—Dogs and Mon¬
keys, &c.—Balloon Ascent at 7—General Amusements at half-past 8—
Swiss Singers in the Marionette Theatre Cirque Olympic—Ballet in
the Concert-room—The wonderful and graceful Leotard—Fireworks
and Fire King. Tickets for vouchers will be exchanged until 4 o'clock,
at 10s. 6d. (admitting to all the entertainments), at Mr. Mitchel's
library, 33, 01d Bond-stret.
ROYAL CREMORNE GARDENS.—THIS DAY,
GRAND PRIVATE FETE. For particulars see special ad¬
verisement. On Friday and Saturday Grand public Galas, Leotard,
the Swiss Female Singers, concert, ballet, cirque, and Fire King, and
all the nine hours amusement. Admission 1s.
CHALLENGE to M. BLONDIN.—ROYAL PAVI¬
LION GARDENS, North Woolwich.—Half-holyday Movement.
—Saturday, July 20, 1861.—At the request of a large number of persons,
whose only holyday is on the Saturday, and when M. Blondin performs
his feats at the Crystal Palace upon that day, the price of admission is
2s. 6d., the proprietor of these gardens begs to inform them that
ALBERTE, the great English Rope Walker, will make his
FOURTH terrific ASCENT as above dated, and perform any feat that
M. Blondin can do. The whole of the vast round of entertainment as
usual. No advance in the prices. Admission, including railway there
and back, 1s.
NERLY-GARDENS TAVERN and HOTEL.
What Asnières is to Paris, so is Anerly to London. Successfully
revived by A. HINTON.
ARGYLL ROOMS, GRAND INSTRUMENTAL
CONCERT, selections from all the favourite operas, new and
popular dance music, by the celebrated Argyll Band. Conductor—M.
Lamotte. Cornet—M. Boulcourt. Admission 1s.
