—H. would like some PROOF of B.'s
IDENTITY: a sign from the past which H. has not forgotten
THE LADY, who recognized a friend in stalls
Adeluhi Theatre on Wednesday evening last, will oblige by
SENDING a LINE to B. Y., 10, Charles-street, St. James's. Violets
received.
SHAW.—The relations of MARY CREAK, widow
formerly Shaw), who died at Norwich in 1824, are entitled to
PROPERTY. Apply to Mr. Alfred Kent, solicitor, Norwich.
MR. WILLIAM STOKOE, who in 1840, was
residing in Cloudesley-terrace, Islington, and who, with the late
Rev. Dr. Bowntead, were the trustees of the marriage settlement of
Mr. and Mrs. Mary Bowstead, deceased, is requested to COMMUNI¬
CATE with Messrs. Lawford and Waterhouse, of Drapers'-hall, 28,
Austinfriars, London, E.C., Solicitors to the Administrator-General of
Bengal, in reference to some funds he is entitled to as such trustee.
LOST.—FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—Supposed
to have been left in a cab, a GOLD-FLUTED CHAIN NECK¬
LACE, with five crosses pendant, in case. The above reward will be
paid to anyone taking it to Messrs. Watherston and Son, jewellers,
No. 12, Pall-mall east, London.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—Supposed to have
been left in a train on the N. L. Railway, on Friday, the 3d inst.,
between the Edgware-road Station and Kew, a BROWN PAPER
PARCEL, containing a few numbers of the Cornhill Magazine and
some papers, of no value to any one but the owner. Messrs. Houghton
and Co., stationers, 30, Poultry, will pay the above reward in exchange


TO CITY SO n,
ORS and others.—The WILL,


CAROLINE BERTHON, late of Whips-cross,
in the pe e
Walthamstow, in the count e


o died th Ooctober, 1867, has been LOST.
tae draft or
instruction
as to its exe c ae
oe o an y info r atin
bae eie n ene
applyi
mediately to George Henry Brook,

Godliman-street,
Doctors'-commons, Lon.
E.C.; or to Joseph Whitehouse, solicito
1a , n inen,
n's-inn-fields.
IFTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday
afternoon, April 7, 1868, about 2.35, at or near
ess


een there and Woolwich,a DARK LEATHER
POCKET-BOOK, containing 12 £100 notes and some gold. Whoeve
has
ae e
adnnd
ket-book shall, on restoring it, with its contents,


to iee, Woolw
or Mr.
Charles Bailey, police inspector, detective department, 26, old 

London.
ceive the above reward. N.B. Payment of the notes h

stopped at the bank.
. D. OBRIEN, of Darlington.—If your LUG¬
GAGE is NOT REMOVED from Clunn's Hotel, Covent-gar¬
den, it will be SOLD to defray expenses, without further notice, North
ountry papers please copy.
NEXT of KIN (new edition just published).—A
classified and descriptive INDEX (of 18,000 names guaranteed)
to advertisements for Next of Kin, Chancery Heirs, Legatees, &c., from
1760 to 1868, post free 30 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER, 17, South¬
ampton-buildings, Chancer-lane, London, W.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE (The
Principal Registry).—To the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all other
persons having any interest in the personal estate and effects of
WILLIAM ELLIS hereinafter mentioned.—Take notice, that a CITA¬
TION has issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated
the 18th day of March, 1868, whereby you are cited to appear within 30
days after the service thereof, and accept or refuse letters of adminis¬
tration of the personal estate and effects of William Ellis, late of Bar¬
rackpore, in the East Indies, private, No. 3,388 of the 43d Regiment of
Light Infantry, deceased, or show cause why the same should not be
granted to Stephen Armes, of Sprowston, in the county of Norfolk,
Pensioner, a legatee named in the said will of the sald deceased, with
an intimation that in default of your appearance the said letters of
administration will be granted to the said Stephen Armes.
EDWARD F. JENNER,. Registran.
IN the GOODS of MARY ANN NICHOLLS,
deceased.—Notice is hereby given, that LETTERS of ADMINIS¬
TRATION of the GOODS, Chattels, and Effects, which were of MARY
ANN NICHOLLS, formerly of No. 5, but late of No. 1, Oatwell-ter¬
race, Paradise-road, Stockwell, in the county of Surrey, the widow of
John Nicholls, formerly of Douglas, in the Isle of Man, an ensign of
the 97th Foot, but afterwards of Oatwell-terrace aforesaid, captain
unattached (which said Mary Ann Nicholls was the daughter of
Joseph and Dinah Dodgson, formerly of Kirk Bradden, in the Isle of
Man, and one time of Douglas, in the Isle of Man, and of the city of
Carlisle), deceased, were on the 19th day of March, 1868, granted by
the Principal Registry of Her Majesty's Court of Probate to Aun Cain,
of Hulme, near Manchester, in the county of Lancaster, widow, the
lawful cousin german and one of the next of kin of the said deceased.
All persons claiming to be next of kin of the said Mary Ann Nicholls,
deceased, are hereby required, on or before the 1st day of May, 1869, to
send in their claims, with an abstract of the evidence in support thereof,
by post, pre-paid, to Messrs. Mackeson and Goldring, of No. 59, Lin¬
coln's-inn-fields, Middlesex, the solicitors to the said administratrix;
and all creditors and other persons having any claims or demands
against the estate and effects of the said Captain John Nicholls and
Mary Ann Nicholls, or either of them, are required to send particulars
of their debts and claims, on or before the 1st day of May, 1868, to the
said Messrs. Mackeson and Goldring: and notice is hereby given, that
after the said 1st day of May, 1868, the said Ann Cain will proceed to
distribute the assets of the said Mary Ann Nicholls, deceased, among
the parties entitled thereto, having regard only to the claims of such
persons as shall have sent in their claims, and to the debts and demands
of which the said Ann Cain may then have had notice; and she will
not be answerable or liable for the assets so distributed, or any part
thereof, to any person of whose claim she shall not then have had
notice. — Dated this 31st day of March, 1868.
MACKESON and GOLDRING, 59, Lincoln's-inn-fields,
Solicitors for the sa  oea
IN the ESTATE of THO
ANCE, of Wood¬
A  E

be esthoughton, in
co e nn the towns

caster, gentleman, deceased.—Notice is hereby given, that

will of the above named.
omas France, who died the 10th day of
September, 1844, and
taih tit s proved in
the Consistory
o urt o f
Chester.
the 19th October 1844, h en.
cuto

such portic.
of the estate of the said Thomas France, as were devised
for the benefit of his daughter, Ann Green, deceased, and her chil

have hen re al e.
and are about to be distributed among the children
of the said Ann Green for the 
ain

e e e  the said

childres), namel y.
Mary Green, afterwards wife of Thomas Henry
Crippin, Ellen, afterwards wife of Isaae.

se

Green, and James Green; and
a aha l the e e
ons claiming to be
ASSIGNEES or INCUMBRANCERS, or having or making any othe
claim upon the SHARES o 
STERESTS of any of the CHILDREN

SENE
th es d a eghter, AN en
eceased, are hereby re¬
quired to
and full particulars, in writing, of their debts, claims, o d
ms

tie o icitors of James Green, the sur¬
viving trustee and executer of the said Thomas Fran¬
at our ofice
No. 1, Mawdsley-street, Bolton-le-Moors, on or before
he 1st
da y of
May next; after which day the said trustee and executor will proceed
to apply and distribute the proceeds of the said portions of the said
ta ong the peareie


egard
det
te wthie

the e e have had notice
an d th to
e pro¬
ee and executor will not be liable for
ceeds, or any part thereof, so distributed te
toe o of w h ose debt, 
cho
a
o oon
ELL E
day o
arch, 186
JOHN TAYLOR and SON, Solicitorst
the said

surviving Trus.
Ex¬e
WORTH-EAST
ETROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—PARISH of S en,
NARD, SHOREDITCH.—I. the
thndersigned Thomas Wrake

bove named district, do hereby give notice that I have appointed the
AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the
Dh ee
tse e the half¬
year ended the 25th March, 1868, to commence on Friday, the 24th de
of April, 1868, at 12 o'clock noon, at the Board-room of the Workh

the said Parish, when and where all persons who
w
er


a nandn a end to submit all books,
decuments, lils, and voud






ay of April, 1863.
EW. RAI  C LEIE
E —HS O.
District A¬
tor.
 and E. EMANUEL, Goldsmiths to t
Queen,

the Dockyard.

their ESTABLISHMENT will be CLOSED on Monday, the 13th
inst., and Tuesday, the 14th inst.
IN consequence of the Jewish Holvdays, E. MOSES
and SON's ESTABLISHMENTS will be CLOSED on Monday and
Tuesday next, the 13th and 14th inst., and Re-opened, as usual, on
Wednesday morning next, the 15th inst., at 7 o'clock.—E. Moses and
Son, corner of Minories and Aldgate; New Oxford-street, corner of
Hart-street; corner of Tottenham-court-road and Euston-road.
untry branch, Bradford, Yorkshire.
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Quesr.
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONLY
ADDRESS is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street. W.
CAUTION.—Betts' Patent Capsules.—The public
are respectfully cautioned that BETTS PATENT CAPSULES
are being INFRINGED by importations from abroad. Betts' name
is upon every capsule he makes for leading merchants at home and
abroad.—1, Wharf-road, City-road, London, April 8, 1868, and Bor¬
deaux, Francen.
CAUTIC
S. Macmne Made
—Mr.
ewellery.
EDWIN W.ST
BEEETER, being desirous that
o msapprehension.
should
ris t in t e p ui i m ind, be
respectfully to state that the
business of which he is now the sole proprietor is thut which was

arried on under the name of "Hancock, Burbrook, and
Company (Limiet , at
 37, Conduit-street, five doors from Bond¬
street, and
ta t t at this establishment alone
te  
now cele¬


Mr.
tter, can be purchase.
CAUTION.—ROCHATTE's Patent SOLDERED
BRASS CARTRIDGES, for the Snider and other breechloading
rifles.—It having come to the knowledge of the patenteo and manu¬
facturer of these carrridges, that inferior imitations are being offered
to the trade and public. I, the undersigned, the original patentee
and manufacturer, hereby give notice to cartridge manufacturers, gun
makers, and others, that all persons manufacturing or selling cart¬
ridges or cartridge cases which are an infringement of Rochatte's
Patent, will be proceeded against at law.
H. ROCHATTE, Patentee and Manufacturer, 26. Rue de
a Monnaie, Paris.
Agent—T. Murcott, 68. Haymarket, London.
Beware of imitations and
am patents.
ELEY's BOXER CARTRIDGES, for Snider and
e

pted  Her Majesty's War D
ar tment
toe t e or

ririaels against
all other patterns, as the standard ammunition for the British Arm
The Consuls and agents for foreign Governments can now be sup¬

any quantity. Also Eley's Soldered Brass
Cartridges (Rochatte's Patent), for breech-load

&c., shere.
low price is the principal consideration; in quantities not
less than a million free on board in te e .
ce—loaded, £3
Nes.
er 1,000 ; or the cartridge cases ready for fillin
£1 10s. per
,00.
Address Eley Broth
Gray's-inn¬
ae , 
aondon.
Wholessle on.


REMOVWOAL
—The Business of
CH.
BLES DANB
frin.
manufacturer,
nnny.
14 .
street, London, W.,
oe oe more extensive premises, 43, New
E .
Bond-street.
it is now carrie
W e.
bh en tn the firm of Danby,


NOTICE.—Mr. DOBSON, 19, St. James's-street,
Glass Manufacturer to the Queen and Royal Family. The late
partnership having been dissolved, Mr. D. begs to remind his friends
and patrons that the business is still carried on at the above address,
that the artists engaged remain unchanged, and that the reputation of
the firm will be fully maintained in all orders entrusted to him.
NOTICE.—The Sale of the Stock of the late Mr.
Whitfield, silk mercer, of New Bond-street.—Ladies who have
not yet received their purchases at this sale are politely informed that
extra arrangements for delivery have now heen made, and no further
delay will occur.—PETER ROBINSON, Oxford-street, W.
April7 1868.
OTICE.—Mr. D. PEARCE, who, for 20 years
conducte.
the business of glass manutacturer, at 19,
James
street, begs to inform his frier
andnn
torons that all his connexion with
that house has ceased, and that he is now in PARTN
T SHIP with
Messrs. W. P.s
G. PHILLIPS, Glass and China Manufacturers to
and
the eue.
te a amil
135, New Bond-street, where all orders
eutrusted to him will meet with his

LOT
E.—WINE AGENCY COMPANY, 202,
Piccadilly.—The Directors of this Company have decided on
DISCONTINUING their BRANCH at TORQUAY: but all the ad¬
vantages of the co-operative system will still be open to the public, as
they are now at the head office, through their agent in that tow
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES instituted with secrecy and despatch
in divorce and other cases, by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington-green.
FIELD and OPERA GLASSES, finest achromatic,
of great power, in case, 30s. to £6; Telescopes for tourists, 10s.
to 42s.; best quality in sling cose, £3. Illustrated catalogues three
mus. NEWTON and Co., 3, Fleet-street, Temple-bar.
NEWTON and Co.'s cheap ASTRONOMICAL
TELESCOPE, 3 feet long, 3in, achromatic object glass, day and
night powers, on tripod stand; will show Saturn's ring, the principal
double stars, and read a church clock at 10 miles, £5.
DISSOLVING VIEWS.—NEWTON and Co.'s
LANTERNS and SLIDES from 7s. 6d.: Newton's celebrated and
greatly improved phantasmagoria lanterns, as supplied to Government,
complete in cases, £3 2s. The slides are painted on the premises by
first-rate artists. Any subject to order. Descriptive lectures for many
of the sets. Newton's improved apparatus can only be had at their
establishment. Illustrated price, lists for three stamps.—Newton,
manufacturing optician to the Queen, 3, Fleet-street, Temple-bar.
EPECTACLES.—Before purchssing, read WEST
and Co.'s TREATISE on the HUMAN EYE, free by post fer
four stamps. Note the address, West and Co., opticians to the Admi¬
raity, 92 and 93, Fleet-street, E.C. Established 1798.
SECOND-HAND OY


Surveying
INESOTR
IENTS. Send three stamps for a de¬
scriptive list of opers, raece
dae e as.

bonomical and other

loiltes, levels, draving instru.

ments, sestanets a nd
barometers,
hoto.
raphic lenses, c. , e.
bi tlander, all genuine, byt
Dallmeyer.

best makers,


rices.—WATSON and SON, 3
High Holborn, W.C.
T o e p er e d
exchanged.
MICROSCOPE and TELESCOPE combined.
Wonderful apparatus, forming two instruments, equal power
to the most expensive. 25s.—BERNARD DAVIS, optician, 430, Eus¬
son-road. Magic lanterns and dissolving views. Catalogues one stamn.
