ADTLD, will never be given up.

GEORGE SIMMONDS.—If this should meet the
eye of Mr. GEORGE SIMMONDS, who called on Messrs.
Horsley, Palmer, Stirling, and Co., of Gracechurch-buildings, E.C., in
April last, he will greatly oblige by COMMUNICATING to them his
bresent ADDRESS.
WINGLAKE, 9, 10, Tauchnts.—The intending
DONOR of these VOLUMES is most earnestly requested, as he
has not left England, to give an ADDRESS, poste restante or other¬
—
is sought unless desired, or interference attempted, but opening
written communication is most important. All the facts of the last 12
se
hed by intended donee, and settled to donor's advantage. Silence
will kill.
PURSUANT to an Order of the High Court of Jus¬
tice Chancery Division made in a cause Richard Edward Shep¬
pard and another against Dennis De Berdt Hovedl and others 1879,




ee
next of kin in the said Stocks andonies after-payment of his nebts.
msseonmagersom

SHEPPARD (who was a Goldsmith in the City of London and dird

Solicitors on or before the 25th day of september 1877 to come in and
semmminduaseutosttmeseseeese


Thursday the 25th day of October 1877 at 11 of the clock in the fore¬
noon at the said Chambers is appointed for hearing and adjudicating
upon the claims. Dated this 9th day of August 1877.
ANDREW & WOOD 8 Great James Street Bedford Row,
Agents for John Worley, Stony Stratford, Bucks Plain¬
tifl's Solicitors.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Lng¬
ssse
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £110 0s. 10d. Consoli¬


which was transterred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of
the Dividends thereon having remained uncfaimed since the oth July.

from this date the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid to Jessie Atherton, Spinster, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his
claim thereto.
BANK of IRELAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governoys of the Bank of fre¬
land to direct the Re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬

Government Stock, heretofore standing in the name of EDWARD
JOHN WALL, of Sydney, Colony New South Wales. Esquire, and

the Dividends thereon not having been received since the 10th Octo¬
ber, 1866;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid to Charles Woodward, of 43, Dame-street,
Dublin, Solicitor, the Administrator in Ireland of the above nanted
Edward John Wall, who has claimed the zame, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto. August
20th, 187.
CITY PROVIDENT DISPENSARY and SURGI¬
CAL APPLIANCE ASSOCIATION, 145, Alder-gate-street, E.C.
The Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of
£6 5s. from Alfred J. Larking, Esq., and £5 5s. from C. Wilkinson,
Esq.—J. P. CAESAR, Secretary.
WESTMINSTER HOSPITAL, Broad Sanctuary,
S.W.—President, His Grace the Duke of WESTMINSTER,
K.G.—The House Committee have the pleasure to ACKNDW LEDGE
the RECEPT of a kind CONTRIBUTION of £30 from the Earl of
Darnley, and a pew annual supscription of £2 2s. from F. Hildyard
Esq. to the Fund for General Purposes.—P. P. BOUVERIE, Treasarer.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednesday
last, the 15th inst., while landing from the Folkestone boat a
Boulogne, a BLUE MOROCCO CASE, containing 10 circular notes
for £10 each on the London Joint-Stock Bank, a passport, and two
railway tickets to Pan. Whoever will give such information as shall
lead to the recovery of the same shall receive the above reward. Apply
to Fredk, Young, 9, Fenchurch-Street, E.C.
ONE THOUSAND POUNDS REWARD.—
STOLEN, between 9.30 p.m., on the 25th, and 7 a.m., on the
26th May, 1876, from the Picture Gallery, No. 39B, Old Bond-street,
the celebrated OIL PAINTING, by Gamsborough, of the Duchess of
Devonshire, size 60 inches by 45 inches, without frame or stretcher,
The above reward will be paid by Messrs. Agnew and Sons, No. 39B,
Old Bond-street, to any person who shall give such information as
will lead to the apprenension and conviction of the thef or thieves
and regovery of the painting. Information to Superintendent
Williamson, Detective Department, Greas Scotland-yard, London, S.W.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, August 4th,
in Long-acre, a COLLIE DOG, black back, white cnest, white
fore legs, two brown spots over eyes, lame in fore leg: answers to
name of Boy. To be returned to Signor Campobello, 3, Upper Bed¬

square.
STRAYED, on Monday, 20th inst., a FOX TER¬
PRIER DOG; answers to the name of Prince. Two black patches
on back, black and tan head. Any one giving information to T. M.
Fairclough, Essex-house, Bow-road, shall recewe TWO POUNDS
ash
PURSE FOUND (discovered last week), containing
money, but no papers, in the warehouse of Messrs. Mappin and
webb, Silversmiths and Electro Platers, 76, 77, and 78, Oxford-street.
Owner can nave it on paying expenses and giving full description of
contents, &c. (Second notice
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE, Admiraity
Division.—11877 G., No. 244.)—Ships WATERLOO and STELL¬
ING.—The General Steam Navigation Company v. Joicey and others.
—Whereas, in an action instituted in the Hign Court of Justice on
behalf of the General Steam Navigation Company againss James
Joicey and others, a Judge of the Admiralty Division of the said
Court did, on the 5th day of August, 1877, amongst other things, pro¬
nounce that, in respect of loss or damage to ships, kpods, mercuandise,
or other things, caused by reason of the improper nevigation of the
steam vessel Waterloo, on the occasion of the collision between the
said steam vessel and the steam vessel Stelling, on the 3d of January,
1877, the owners of the said steam vessel Waterloo are answerable in
damages to an amount not exceeding the sum of £4,119 13s. 8d. (such
sum being at the rate of £8 for eacu ton of the registered tonnage of
the said steam vessel Waterloo, without deduction on account of
engine room), exclusive of interest and costs. This is, therefore, to
give notice to all persons having any CLAIM in respect of the LOSS or
DAMAGE caused as aforesaid, that if they do not come in and enter
their claims in the said action on or before the 8th day of November
next ensuing, they will be excluned from sharing in the aforesaid
amount. —Dated this 17th day of August, 1877.
Taken out by W. Batham, 6, Fowke's-buildings, Great Tower-street,
London,E
THE READING SCHOOL.—Head Master.—The
Corporation of Reading invite APPLICATIONS for the HEAD
MASTERSHIP of the Reading School, which will become vacant at
the end of the present year, on the retirement at that time of the

The School (which was re-constituted under the powers of a special
Act of Parhament and Seheme obtained in 1857, with a vrew of esta¬
blishing in Reafling a thoroughly efficient and useful school in suc¬
cession to. but with a more enlarged cope than, its ancient Gram mar
School) is a brst-grade school with a large modern element.
The principal hlock of school buiidings was erected in the year 1870,
under the superintendence of Mr. Affred Waterhouse, on a site in
the suburbs of the town of Reading, and this block comprises two
master's residences, one at either end, a large common hall or school
room in the centre, and various class rooms and apartments for school
purposes and for the use of the boys.
Each of these master's houses contains 30 separate dormitories for
boarners, opening out of a corridor which communicates directly with
the first floor of the masters house. In these two houses there is
accommodation altogether for about 80 boarders.
In the year 1873 an additional resudence for the Head Master, with 50
dormitories for boarders and other accommodation for more, was

These are a school chapel, a gymnasium, &c., within the school
grounds.
The entire school buildings and grounds, which have been carefully
and suitably laid out and panted, comprise an area of about 12 acres.
A copy of the Act of Parkament and of the Scheme for the Regula¬
tion of the School will be furnished to gentlemen wishing to apply for
the office of Head Master.
The Iead Master must be a Graduate of one of the Universities of

There are two endowments payable to the Head Master, namely, a
sum of £10 per annum granted ny a Charter of Queen alizabeth, and
a share in the income of an estate given by Archbishop Land, now
amounting to about 345 per annum.
The Head Master will nave assigued to him, rent free, the whole of
the principal block of school bundings, incluning the stwomaster's
houses and dormitories therein, he paying the rates and taxes and
keeping the builuings and school grounds in tenantable and suitable
repair and condition, and receiving for himself or assistant masters,
as he may arrange with tham, all profits from the boarners residing
therem other than capigation fees.
The Head Master will also have assigned to him the additional
master's residence erected in 1873, he paying the rates and taxes and
keeping same in repair : but for this house he will be required to pay
the same rent as is paid by the present Head Master, viz.—£400 per
ammum, as arranged at the tine of iss erection. The Head Master
will receive for nimself all prouts from the boarders residing with
him other than capttation fees.
(ineer the School Scheme the Head Master is entitled to two¬
fifths of all capitation fees received from boys attending the School.
The Trustees, however, have arranged with the present Head Master
that he shoun receive four-nitus of the capitation fees, and also any
fegs whicianay se paid for teaching Frenee, German, and drawang,
and himseif pay and provide all assistant masters required for con¬
dueting the Schoel.
The capitation fees payable under the scheme are—for boys under
14 years, a lee nat exceening £10 per annum; boys of 14 and under 16,
a fee net exceeding £115 per annum; and for boys above 16 years, a
fee not exceeding £20 per annnn,
The numbers of boys in the School at the end of the last term were
105 day boys and 139 boarders.
There is a sum of about £1,000 now availabe for establishing
Scholarsips at the School.
All appucations for the appointment of Head Master, accompanied
by auch tegtimonials as the candidate may deem it expedient to sub¬
mit to the Corporation, must be sent to Mr. Henry Day, Deputy Town
Clerk, Town-hail, Reading, endorsed "Applicatson for Head Master¬
ship of the Reading Sonool," on or before Saturday, the 29th Septem¬
ber next.
Any further information desired by intending candidates may be
obtained on application to the Deputy Town Clerk, Reading.
HENRY DAY, Deputy Town Cler, Reading.
Tow-hall, Reading, 20th August, 1877.
THE HOSPITAL for SICK CHILDREN, Great
Ormond-street, Bloomsbury.—The Committee announce that in
November next they will have a VACANCY for a LADY-SUPERIN¬
TENDENT, to take the entire management of the above Hespital,
under their supervision. It is indisponsable that candidates be ladies
of good education, with a practical knowledge of nursing, of thorough
business-likle habits, and some experience in the management of a
large establishment. Salary 100 guineas per annum, with board and
resiuence. Appjication, in writing, accompamed by testunonials, to
hie addressed to the Secretary at the Hospit 41,69, Great Ormond-street,
W.C., on or before September 16th, 1877.
SAMUEL WHITFORD, Secretary.
PAUL'S CATHEDRAL.—There will be an
ELLCTION of boys as CHORISTERS on September 29th. Board
and education free. Application to be made to Rev. A. Barf, S.
Paul's Choir-house, Dean's-court, E.C.
—


REGISTRATION of TRADE MARKS.—The
complete CLASSIFIED COLLECTION of the 10,000 British and
Boreign PRADE MARKS, in respect of which the applications for
Registration have been notiied in the Official Journal, may be re¬
ferred to daily, between 11 and 4, by manufacturers and merchants
who have registered, or contemplate registering, their trade marks
under the reeent Acts. Admission free on presentation of card.—
J. M. Jolnson and Sons (Limted), 3, Castle-street, Holborn, London.
SHOOTING in SURREY:—400 acres of good cover
and partridge shooting, near a station 40 minutes ny rail from
London. Price 80 guineas for the season. Address B. P., care of
Messrs. Rutley, 11, Bowgate-hill, E.C.
HOOTING, with Furmsued Shooting Box and Fish¬
ing, for the month of September, to he LET. Partringe, rabuit,
and hare shooting over about 1,000 acres of land, The shooting box
replete with every pessible convenience for sportemen or a family,
the fishing cons-sting of jack and general nshing. About 25 miles
from London, on the London and South-Western Railway. Apply
.V, S. Hills-placs, Oxford-street, W.
TWENTY-TON STEAM YACHT for SALE,
quite new, very fast and elegantly fitted. Saloon cabin 7ft
hign, fore cabin and water closet. First-ciass boiler and macninery.
suitable for shallow rivers or coasting.—Nautilus, Abbey-lodge, Abbey¬
lane, Kulburn, N.W.
—
—
CHURCH PLATE, including Chalices, Flagons,
Patens, and Offertory Basins, made in accordance with the rules
of the Ecclemological Society. Pocket services, in morocco cases, for
the visitation of the sick. A pamphlet, illustrated with engravings, will
be forwarded gratis on application to the GOLDSMITHS' ALLIANCE
Limited), Manufacturing Silversmiths, 11 and 12, Cornhill, London.
COXand SONS' CATALOGUE of MONUMENTS,
Tombs, Crosses, and Head Stones, in granite, marble, and stone,
tomb raile, memprial brasses, mural tahlets, &c., designed by eminent
architeets and others, with prices, sent for six stamps.—Cor and Sons,
ecclesiastical warehouse and show rooms, 28 and 29, Southambton-¬
street, strand. Factory, the Wood and Stone Carving, Gothic Metal,
and Manumestal Works, College Wharf, Belvedere-road, Lambeth.
RODRIGUES TRAVELLING DRESSING BAGS,
of the best workmanship and latest improvemeats, with silver
suver-glt, and plated fttings, from £3 3s. to £50; soufflet Bags, empty
and fitted, Hand Bags, Waist Bags with antique frames, Carriage
Bags, and Bags of all kinds at very moderate prices.—32. Piccadilly.
