LY. Z.—ELIZABETH is ILL, and a letter awaits

you at Charing-cross.—PORTUGAL.
FRED.—I EXPECT A LETTER, on the 10th June,
post office, Temple-bar, London, without fail.
GOWER-PLACE.—The gentleman who, in April or
May last year, inquired at the above address for M. A. B., for¬
merly of Charlotte-street, can now LEARN the ADDRESS by again
applying as above.
IF the TWO GENTLEMEN who, while amusing
themselves in Tottenham-court-road, on Saturday evening last,
pushed against a poor artist, and injured a picture he had with him,
will COMMUNICATE their PROPER ADDRESS (there being some
error in the one they gave) to N., care of Mr. Elliot, stationer,
No. 59, Lamb's Conduit-street, they will learn how the damage they
promised to repair has rendered the picture useless.
LANCASHIRE DISTRESS.—Mr. CHARLES
TIPLADY begs to ACKNOWLEDGE the receipt of the follow¬
ing SUMS:—E. S., Albion-house, £2; Thos. Bryce. £1; L. H. Caldott,
10s.; L. Lloyd, £2; W. A. Dunn, Louth, £2; W. J. Jones, Hythe,
10s.; H. W., 10s.; J. H. Lamb, £2; Guernsey, 10s.; Rev. C. H., Ox¬
ford, £3; Mrs. and Miss Dobson, £10; J. Baldwin, Esq., £5; Mrs.
Bell, £3 (2d donation); Mr. Richd. Ellis, £2 2s. (2d donation); Rev.
Adam Clarke, Long Preston, £6; Mrs. T., £1; Miss H. W., £1; sums
under 10s., 16s. 6d. Total £211 6s. 9d., paid over to James Parkinson,
Esq., Treasurer.
MISSING.—LEFT his HOME, on Wimbledon¬
common, about 2 o'clock in the afternoon of Friday, the 23d inst.,
and has not since been heard of, a GENTLEMAN, about 60 years of
age five feet 10 in. high, broad-shouldered, gray hair rather bald,
florid complexion, and with a green shade over his left eye, in which there
is a slight cast. He was dressed in a black frock coat, waistcoat, and
trousers, black neck-tie, with no shirtcollar, and button boots. He had
a valuable gold watch, with the letters "E. D." engraved on the back,
and gold chain, tortolseshell eye-glass, and an umbrella. Whoever
will give such information as shall lead to the discovery of the gentle¬
man missing, shall be handsomely rewarded for their trouble, on ap¬
plication to Mr. Bradfield, dairyman, Wimbledon-common.
FIFTY GUINEAS REWARD.—MISSING, since
the 15th inst., a YOUNG ENGLISH LADY, 16 years of age,
of prepossessing appearance, wavy auburn hair, small brown eyes,
and beautiful complexion, of remarkably good figure, dressed, when
leaving home, in a small brown and white check silk dress, black silk
mantle with capuchin, straw bonnet, with blue strings, linen of superior
quality and marked "M. A. R. W." Supposed to be now in company
with a foreigner (Frenchman), formerly a teacher of music, speaking
the English language fiuently, stern countenance, but of agreeable
and pleasing manners, dressed (with affected carelessness) generally
in a suit of light gray. Full veins on forehead and temples, light mous¬
tache but no whiskers. Information to Mr. Ig. Pollaky, private con¬
tinental inquiry office, 14, George-street, Mansion-house, city
LOST, in the neighbourhood of Hyde-park-square, a
small BUNCH of KEYS. Whoever brings them to 7, Hyde¬
park-square, shall receive FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, FIVE-POUND BANK of ENGLAND
NOTE (payment stopped), on Thursday afternoon, from 2 to 4
o'clock, between Carron-wharf, East Smithifield, and Paul's-wharf.
An ample REWARD given on its restoration.—William Barnard,
Paul's-wharf, Upper Thames-street, E.C.
LOST, on Thursday, the 29th inst., about 4 o'clock
p.m., in the immediate neighbourhood of Hyde-park-square, W.,
LONG-HAIRED YELLOW-BROWN TERRIER of the Skye
breed, very rough all over, and matted in hind quarters. Whoever will
bring the same to the post office, Little Sussex-place, Hyde-park-gar¬
dens, W., shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
ONE GUINEA REWARD for the recovery (unin¬
jured) of a GOLD EARRING TOPAZ and PEARL, LOST last
Monday night, near Porchester-terrace or Notting-hill.—60, West¬
bourne-park-road.
ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD.—LOST, at the
Exhibition, on the 28th inst., a LADY's THREE-GUINEA
TICKET, No. 4,978. Whoever will bring the same to No. 1, Abercorn¬
place, St. John's-wood, shall receive the above reward
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, between 10 and
11 o'clock on Thursday night, the 29th inst., in going from the
Inverness-road, through the Bishop's-road to Westbourne-terrace, a
GOLD BRACELET. Any one taking the same to 6A, James-street,
Westbourne-terrace, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Monday,
May 26th, a GOLD SIGNET RING, with onyx stone, and the
initials J. U. engraved upon it. Whoever will bring the same to Mr.
F. G. Underhay, engineer and brassfounder, Crawford-passage,
Clerkenwell, E.C., shall receive the above reward.
THREE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, on the
night of Thursday, the 29th between the Royal Italian Opera and
Dalston, a DARK BLUE ENAMELLED SCROLL, set with Diamonds,
detached from a gold bracelet. Whoever will bring the same to R.
Cook and Co., music-sellers, 6, Finsbury-place south, shall receive the
above reward.
TO BANKERS, Merchants, and others. — Bills Lost.—
The following BILLS of EXCHANGE, which were (inter alia)
posted at Malvern, Worcestershire on the 22d inst., in an envelope
directed to "Mr. D. M. Stewart, Messrs. P. Playfair and Co.'s, 20, St.
Vincent-place, Glasgow," have NOT REACHED their DESTINA
TION:—1 Bill of Exchange (first), dated "Calcutta, 15th April, 1862,"
drawn by William Thomson upon, and accepted by, Messrs. Cotesworth
and Powell, London, for £500 sterling, payable to the order of the
drawer six months after sight, and endorsed thus—"Wm. Thomson"
Pay 
rs. Patrick Playfair and Co., or order, Playfair, Duncan,
and Co." "Patrick Playfair and Co." 2. Bill of Exchange (first),
dated "Calcutta, 17th April, 1862," drawn by the manager and
cashier of the Comptoir d'Escompte, of Paris, Calcutta Agency, upon,
and accepted by, Messrs. C. J. Hambro and Son, London, for £500 ster¬
ling, payable to the order of Messrs. Playfair, Duncan, and Co., three
months after sight, and endorsed thus—"Pay Messrs. Patrick Playfair
and Co., or order," "Playfair, Duncan, and Co." "Patrick Playfair
and Co." All parties to whom the said bills of exchange, or either of
them, may be presented are warned not to negotiate the same; and any
party who can give information regarding them will please communi¬
cate with some one of the subscribers.—Uptons, Johnson, and Upton,
solicitors, 20, Austinfriars, London; Earle, Son, Hopps, and Orford,
solicitors, 6, Bond-street, Manchester; Lowndes, Bateson, Lowndes,
and Robinson, solicitors, 3, Brunswick-street, Liverpool.
FOUND, on Friday evening, the 24th, in a cab, an
UMBRELLA, with name engraved on the handle. The owner
may have it on giving the name and paying for this advertisement, by
applying at 3, Connaught-terrace, Edgware-road.
DOG FOUND, on Friday, 23d inst., in the city of
London—a large otter hound. Application to be made at the
Head Porter's Lodge, Bank of England, before 2 o'clock p.m.
SARAH FAVRE (maiden name SARAH BAILY),
wife of John Daniel Favre or Lefevre, is earnestly requested to
COMMUNICATE with the undersigned.—Henry Thomas, Mr. J.
Jagelman's, 8, Kennington-green, corner of Montford-place.
POARDMAN.—The NEXT of KIN to FEARIS
BOARDMAN, formerly of the County Tipperary, Ireland, may
HEAR of that which may be to their ADVANTAGE by addressing a
letter to X. Y. Z., 7, Moore-place, Kennington-road, London.
IF JAMES FOYLE, brother of the late Charles
Henry Foyle, of Erleigh-hill, near Reading, Berks, Esq., deceased,
and who is believed to be residing in or near Ballarat, Australia, or (if
dead) his representatives, will apply to Messrs. Lamb, Brooks, and
Challis, solicitors, Basiugstoke, Hants, he or they may HEAR of

DAVID LOFTS.—If DAVID LOFTS, formerly of
2, Little Bruton-street, Bond-street, Middlesex, coffechouse¬
keeper, who left his home on the 5th February, 1855, and has never re¬
turned, be still living, he is requested to apply forthwith to the under¬
signed, from whom he will hear of SOMETHING to his ADVAN¬
TAGE. If he be dead any information respecting the time and place
of his death will be thankfully received. Address Alexander Balder¬
ston, 9, Serle-street, Lincoln's-inn, solicitor.
NOTICE.—If Mr. RICHARD BACON, who left
his situation on the Great Western Railway, at Birmingham,
about May, 1857, and who is supposed to have left England at that time,
will apply to Mr. G. Millard, solicitor, Axbridge, near Weston-super¬
Mare, Somerset, in consequence of the death of his grandmother
Clarissa Loader, his brother, and elder sister, he will HEAR of SOME¬
THING to his ADVANTAGE. Everything has been satisfactorily
arranged at Birmingham. Should the said Richard Bacon not be
living, any person giving certain infonnation of his death, and whether
he was married and has left any family, and who will apply to the said

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £573 17s. 9d. Consolidated
Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
FRANCES Baroness BASSET, widow MARY BASSET, spinster,
both of Tehidy-park, Cornwall, and NICHOLAS KENDALL, of
Pelyn, Cornwall, Esq., and which was transferred to the said Commis¬
sioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained un¬
claimed on and from the 5th July, 1847;—Notice is hereby given that,
on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Nicholas
Kendall, Esq., the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
CAUTION.—Persons attending Epsom Races are
cautioned not to take with them watches or other valuable pro¬
perty, and to avoid as much as possible crowds at the railway stations
se
Metropolitan Police Office, May 28th, 1862.
NOTICE is hereby given, that FREDERICK COL¬
LIER BAKEWELL, of Hampstead, in the county of Middle¬
sex, gentleman, intends to APPLY by petition, under the 4th section
of the Statute 5th and 6th William IV., chapter 83, and the 7th and
8th Victoria, chapter 69, to Her Majesty in Council, for a PROLON¬
GATION of the TERM of SOLE USING and VENDING an INVEN¬
TION for "Improvements in Making Communicatious from one
Place to Another by meaus of Electricity," granted to the said Frede¬
rick Collier Bakewell by letters patent, bearing date at Westminster
the 2d day of December, in the 12th year of the reign of her present
Majesty Queen Victoria: and notice is hereby further given, that the
said Frederick Collier Bakewell intends to apply by counset to the Ju¬
dicial Committee of the Privy Council on the 2d day of November next;
or, if the said Judicial Committee shall not sit on that day, at the then
next sitting of the said Judicial Committee, for a time to be fixed for
hearing the matter of his said petition, and that on or before the said
2d day of November next notice must be given of any opposition in¬
tended to be made to the said petition, and any person intending to
oppose the said application must lodge a caveat against the granting of
such application at the Council-office on or before that date. —Dated

EYRE and LAWSON, 1, John-Street, Bedford-row, London,
Solicitors for the said Frederick Collier Bakewell.
IN CHANCERY.—In the Matter of an Act of Par¬
liament made and passed in the Session holden in the 19th and 20th
years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An Act to Facili¬
tate Leases and Sales of Settled Estates," and in the matter of an
ESTATE containing 40 acres or thereabouts, devised by the WILL of
JOHN ARMITAGE, deceased, situate at Rastrick, in the parish of
Halifax, in the county of York, and in the occupation of Simeon
Aspinall, Joah Shaw, Samuel Avison, Edward Broughton, John Bur¬
gess, Elizabeth Bottomley, Joseph Oates, John Aspinall, M— Brough¬
ton, and E— and P— Aspinall.—Notice is hereby given, that a
PETITION in the above matter was, on the 24th day of April, 1862,
presented to the Right Honourable the Lord High Chancellor of Great
Britain (to be heard by the Vice-Chancellor Sir John Stuart), by Charles
Harold Macaulay and Ann, his wife, and John Armitage Atherton,
William Armitage Atherton, and Laura Ann Macaulay, being respec¬
tively infants, by Thomas Firth Macaulay, their next friend, and guar¬
dian appointed by this Court, praying that general powers of GRANT¬
ING BUILDING LEASES of the land in the petition mentioned, and
therein particularly described as land containing 40 acres or thereabouts,
situate at Rastrick aforesaid called by the names of the Cliff Close, the
Croft, the Long Close, the Upper Croft, the Two and One Days' Work,
the Delf Close, the Near Scholey, the Middle Scholey, the Upper Scholey,
the Long Fallas, the Little Fallas, the Upper Shover Pickles, the Near
Shover Pickles, the Hilly Ing, and the Great Ing, and which said
closes called the Cliff Close, the Croft, the Long Close, the
Uppor Croft, the Two and One Days' Work, the Delf Close, the
Near Scholey, the Upper Scholey adjoin or lay together and
are bounded by the main line of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway,
an occupation road, and a certain lane called Cliff-lane, and the Brad¬
ford and Huddersfield and Elland and Leeds tumpike roads, and
which said closes called the Middle Scholey and Upper Scholey are
bounded by the Elland and Leeds turnpike roads by property belong¬
ing to the said Charles Harold Macaulay, and by an occupation road,
and which said several closes called the Long Fallas, the Little Fallas,
the Upper Shover Pickles, the near Shover Pickles, and the Hilly Ing
are bounded by and extend along the said Bradford and Hudders-¬
field turnpike road, and which said close called the Great Ing lies
near to the said main line of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.
and up to the river Calder, and all which said premises are distinguished
in the plan of the parish surver made for the said township of Rastrick,
by the Nos. 423, 426, 428, 509, 510, 749, 759, 763, 763, 764, 765, 766, 767,791,
792, 793, 794, 799, 800, 801, 802, 804, and 850, or any part thereof, for any
term ofyears not exceeding the term of 999 years, subject to the provisions
and restrictions in the said Act contained, may be vested in the said peti¬
tioners, Charles Harold Macaulay and Ann, his wife, and that the said
leases may be granted on such terms and conditions, and may contain
such covenants, conditions, and stipulations as shall be approved by
the Judge to whose Court this matter is attached; and that a copy of
the order to be made on the said petition may be endorsed upon the
prebate of the said will, or that his lordship will be pleased to make
such further or other order in the premises as to his lordship shall
seem meet; and notice is hereby also given, that the petitioners may
be served with any order of this Court, or any notice relating to the
subject of the said petition, at the office of Henry Howe, of No. 39,
Great James-street, Bedford-row, in the county of Middlesex, agent for
Richard Redfern, of Oldham, in the county of Lancaster, Solicitor for
the said petitioners. —Dated this 29th day of May, 1862.
MEMORY EXTRAORDINARY.—Roval Colos¬
seum, Regent's-park.— ILLUSTRATIVE ENTERTAIN¬
MENTS, with feats of memory, by Mr. WM. STOKES and Pupils.
Mr. Stokes' system is easy, pleasing, pewerful, and sure of universal ap¬


stamps.
SAUNDERS and SON, Commission Merchants,

