HONI SOIT, etc.—I am anxious to know where you
are. Several letters are waiting for you at your house.—
—R.
IF F. O., who left his employer on Monday evening
last, will RETURN HOME, the question of accounts can no
doubt be satisfactorily arranged.
EXETER.—If this mets the eye of A. C.M.L.,
who left his home at Exeter, on Wednesday, March 1st, he is
entreated to RETURN at once, as all can be arranged.
DEAR L. —Through sad reverses i am left without
friends or money. I am ill, and wanting the necessaries of life.
By the memory of the past I implore you to HELP me in this my
time of extremest need. God alone knows what I shall do if I do not
hear from you. Address Hope, post office, Moorgate-street, Bank, E.C.
GEORGE CHURCHILL, formerly with the Lancet
twill oblige by SENDING his ADDRESS or
CALLING at 19, Catherine-street.
ROYAL FREE HOSPITAL, Gray's-inn-road.—The
Weekly Board beg most gratefully to ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEIPT, by the hands of the Treasurer, of a munificent DONATION
of £1,000 from a benevolent lady, being her second contribution of
that amount in aid of the funds of this Charity.
BISHOP of LONDON's FUND.—The ANONY¬
MOUS DONOR of £4,000 is informed that, in accordance with
the wish expressed in his letter, the Committee have applied his dona¬
tion to St. Andrew's, Haverstock-hill. The Committee beg to acknow¬
ledge very gratefully the Donor's offer to give the additional £500 re¬
quired for the completion of the work. The benefaction, together
with local claims, will entitle the promoters of the church to make
application to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for an endowment of
£300 per annum in perpetuity.
Office, 46A. Pall-mall, S.W., March 10th, 1865.
MISSING, from her home, since Thursday, the 2d
inst., a YOUNG GIRL, 13 years of age (looks older), who, on
her way to school, is supposed to hare been waylaid for the purpose of
being taken over to the Continent to the residence of a relative. The
child is of fair complexion, has brown eyes, small mouth, and good
teeth. Was dressed in a linsey frock (dark gray), black cloth jacket,
and black hat with black feather. Information to be given to Mr.
Pollaky, private inquiry office, 13, Paddington-green, W.
LOST, a BANK of ENGLAND RECEIPT for
£26, deposit on 13 J Extension Shares of East Indian Railway
Comy.
any. Any person forwarding the same to Fredk. Everett,
No. 18, Royal Exchange, will be REWARDED.
LOST, on Tuesday night, March 7, at the London
Tavern, LADY's PEARL PENDANT BROOCH, between three
and four inches long. Any one bringing the same to Mr. F. Folkard,
No. 160, Blackfriars-road, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, in Hyde-park, between Victoria-gate and the
Magazine Barracks, on Wednesday morning the 8th inst., a
CHILD's RED CORAL CARVED BEAD NECKLACE. Whoever
will bring the same to 26, Chester-street, Belgrave-square, shall receive
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, on the 3d inst., a POCKET BIBLE, rounded
at the corners, and bound with brass-edging. It is supposed that
the Bible dropped from the pocket between Eaton-square and Rotten¬
row. The owner will feel greatly obliged if the Bible is left with T.
Rastall and Son, stationers, &c., Eccleston-street, S.W. If a reward
is required for finding it, the same will be gladly paid.—March 9, 1865.
MALVES of £10 NOTES, 39408 and 39409,
WANTED. Corresponding halves put together by mistake and
passed. Address G. O., care of Mr. George Osborne, 26, Brydges¬
street, Covent-garden, London.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on the 2d
inst., between St. James's-street and Tulse-hill, a GOLD SLEEVE
LINK, with openings for hair, and engraved with crest and initial
letter D. Apply to Madame Dulin, St. James's-street.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD. —To Clergymen, Parish
Clerks, and others.—The above reward will be given for such in¬
formation as will lead to the discovery of the CERTIFICATE of
BURIAL of Miss ELIZABETH RANDALL, who left her residence,
No. 19, Holles-street, Clare-market, London, on the 24th of June, 1863,
for the purpose of proceeding to Margate, via London-bridge Station,
and has not since been heard of. She was very deaf infirm, and 76
years of age. Apply to Messrs. Blang and Edwards, solicitors, St.
Alban's, Herts.—St. Alban's, 9th March, 1865.
HIGHBURY RE-UNION, Willis's Rooms, King¬
street, St. James's, Friday, 24th February.—A BLACK LACE
SHAWL and WHITE OPERA CLOAK having been EXCHANGED
by mistake, the owners may have theirs returned on application to
Mrs. Mathew, 178, Highbury New-park.
FOUND, a GREYHOUND, near the Bethnal¬
green-road. The owner may have it on giving a correct descrip¬
tion and paying expenses. Apply to Carter and Webb, Old Bethnal¬
grech-road.
FOUND, near the London-bridge Station, a PURSE,
which the owner may have upon giving full particulars, contents,
&c., and paying expenses, by letter only, to A.B., care of Messrs. Pearson
and Son, 30, Bishopsgate-street, city.
FOUND, near St. James's Palace, a LADY's
WATCH. Accurate description, in writing, addressed to D. L.,
No. 14, St. James's-square, will RESTORE it to the owner.—14, St.
James's-square, March 8, 1863.
DOG LOST, at Clapham-rise, on Wednesday—a
small White Scotch Terrier, black eyes and nose. name Tyke.
Anyone bringing him to 14, Binfield-road, Clapham, shall be well RE¬
WARDED
EPICYCLOIDAL CHUCK MISSING, since last
December (there is no other like it); weighs about 71bs. FIVE
POUNDS REWARD will be given to any one bringing the same to
John Moseley and Sons tool and cutlery manufacturers, 17 and 18, King¬

PUBLIC NOTICE.—An advertisement having
appeared announcing a sale about to be made by the undersigned,
which has led a great number of their friends and patrons to suppose
that they were about to relinquish business, notice is hereby given that
such is not the case, but the sale is made for the settlement of certain
partnership accounts. P. and D. COLNAGHI, SCOTT, and Co.,
March 6, 1865.
13 and 14, Pall-mall east.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissionars for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £100 Consolidated Three
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of WILLIAM
PEACOCK, of Chatteris, Isle of Ely, watchmaker, deceased, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of
the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th
January, 1841;—Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three
months from this date the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid to John Peacock, the acting executor, who has
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and
make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
Deation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £45 8s. 9d. Consolidated Three per
Cent. Annuitles, heretofore standing in the names of JOSEP
DELLA¬
TORRE, of 70, Lamb's Conduit-street, merchant; ANGELO NOSOTT
Milan, in Italy, gentleman: and CHARLES
FRANCIS NOSOTTI, of 398, Oxford-street, carver and gilder, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the
dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th January,
1855; Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid, to the said Joseph Dellatorre and Charles Francis
Nosotti, who have claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
SARAH MITCHELL, widow, and SAMUEL THOMAS
MITCHELL, and CHRISTIANA MITCHELL, spinster, now or
lately residing in Australia. Take notice, that a. CITATION has issued
under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated the 28th day of
February, 1865, whereby you Sarah Mitchell, as the lawful relict, and
you Samuel Thomas Mitchell and Christiana Mitchell, as the lawful
and only children of Samuel Mitchell, late of Wimborne Minster, in
the county of Dorset, deceased, are cited, within 30 days after service
thereof, to cause an appearance to be entered for you in the Principal
Registry of the said Court, and accept or refuse letters of administra¬
tion of the effects of the said deceased, or show cause why the same
should not be granted to Charles Brown Parkinson, as a creditor of
the said deceased, with an intimation that in default of your appear¬
ance the said letters of administration will be granted to the said
Charles Brown Parkinson.
CHARLES J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
CHURCH, PRIOR, and BIGG, 38, Southampton-buildings,
Chancery-lane, London.
ro wroer n SPIED 
Whereas persons are offering for sale machines for sewing on the
soles of boots and shoes
which are an infringement upon the valuable
patents of the BLAKE BOOT and SHOE MACHINE COMPANY, the
trade are hereby cautioned against purchasing or using any such in¬
fringing machine. Orders for the Blake Boot and Shoe Machine Com¬
pany's machines received by the undersigned.
I. C. BATES, Sole Agent for the Blake Boot and Shoe
Machine Company.
New City-chambers, 121, Bishopsgate-street within, London, E.C.
MASTER of the ROLLS.—In the Matter of the
Companies Act. 1862, and of the STRAND MUSIC HALL
COMPANY (Limited).—The Master of the Rolls has, by an Order
dated the 16th day of February, 1855, appointed WILLIAM TUR¬
QUAND, of No. 16, Tokenhouse-yard, in the city of London, to be
OFFICIAL LIQUIDATOR of the abovenamed Company.
GEO. HUME, Chief Clerk.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No 198. —Lodge¬
hill Estate, Farnham, Surrey.—In the matter of the Act of 25th
and 25th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the applica¬
tion of CORNEILUS THORNE, of 36, Brunswick-square, Bloomsbury.
in the county of Middlesex, Esq., the Registrar of the office of Land
Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the
date hereof to REGISTER with an INDEFEASIBLE TITLE all
those HEREDITAMENTS in the parish of Farnham, in the county of
Surrey, containing 10a. 0r. 8p. or thereabout, forming part of the
Lodge-hill Estate, and now in hand, and which hereditaments are de¬
lineated on the map No. 193, deposited by the applicant in the office
of Land Registry as part of the description of the same, and therein
edged with red, together with the mines and minerals under the same
hereditaments. If any person objects to, or desires to show cause
against such registration, or claims that the same should be subject to
any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or incum¬
brance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before the
Registrar, should be entered on the register with reference to such
hereditaments, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Re¬
gistry, 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the
said three calendar months from the date hereof, personally or he
his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such
objection or to show cause against, or to make such claim in
respect of such registration. But any person desiring to make such
objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particu¬
lars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the Office of
Land Registry before the expiration of the said three calendar months
from the date hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from making the
same. The said map of the said hereditaments deposited in the Office
of Land Registry may be inspected at the said office at any time before
the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof.
— Dated this 11th day of March, 1865.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
EDWD. HOCKLEY, Conveyancer to the Applicant, 10, Bell¬
yard, Doctors'-commons, E.C.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 90.—
Woodlands, in the parishes of Battle and Mountfield, Sussex.—
In the matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is
hereby given, that on the application of AUGUSTUS THORNE, of
Woodlands, Battle, in the county of Sussex, Esq., the Registrar of the
Office of Land Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar
months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an INDEFEASI¬
BLE TITLE all those HEREDITAMENTS, called or known as Wood¬
lands, in the parishes of Battle and Mountfield, in the county of Sussex,
containing 254a. 3r. 37p., or thereabout, partly in hand, and as to the
remainder in the tenure or occupation of the Rev. Robert Richard Duke,
and which hereditaments are delineated on the map No. 95, de¬
posited by the applicant in the Office of Land Registry as part of
the description of the same, and therein edged with red, together
with the mines and minerals under the same hereditaments. If
any person objects to, or desires to show cause against, such regis¬
tration, or claims that the same should be subject to any conditions or
reservations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or
liability, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should
be entered on the register with reference to such hereditaments, such
person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's¬
inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel,
or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause
against, or to make such claim in respect of, such registration. But any
person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same
in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and ad¬
dress thereto, in the Office of Land Registry before the expiration of
the said three calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise he
will be excluded from making the same. The said map of the said
hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land Registry may be
inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the
said three calendar months from the date hereof.—Dated this 11th day
of March, 1865.
D. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
HENRY E. BROWN, Solicitor to the Applicant,
 Lincoln's-inn-fields.
TEN and FIVE POUND PRIZES for the FIRST
and SECOND BEST POEMS, not exceeding 12 lines. For
detalled prospectus send directed envelope to Messrs. Thompson and
Harrison, Wilderness-lane, London, E.C.
FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.—DAINTREE
and Co., No. 44, dyers and cleaners, beg most respectfully
mtheir extensive connexion that their BUSINESS is in NO WAY
IMPEDED by the late fire. Carts to all parts. Price lists free,
FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.— JOHN WARD,
invalid chairmaker, &c., begs to inform the nobility and gentry
that, his premises being destroyed by the above disaster, his BUSI¬
NESS is CARRIED ON at his private residence, 12, Leicester-place,
where all orders will be punctually attended to until his late premises
are rebuilt. —March 1, 1866.
