IE.—Am I to believe you false" If not be at
station on Monday. Must see you ones more.
H. B.—Received; accept the gratefti thanks of a
stranger and her little one.
"THE POOR MAN in WANT of MONEY""—
our conditions we accepted.—M. T.
MA. T. Finds it impossible to deave this week, and
is very anxious to hear from her friend, if only a few words.
to X.—MEET me this evening, and let me have

—S. J.T.—If your information leads to the desired
result, I will pay a sufficient consideration. WRITE further
particulars.
M. F. C., who feft Dublin on tie 30th ult., will SEND
her ADDRESS to O. Hogin Louis, Hetel, 10, Norfolk-street,
crand, te will hear of an old friend.
IF this should MEET the EYE of THOMAS
EDWARDS, late of Hackney, who left for Queensland in 1865,
or any of his friends, knowing his address, they would oblige by for¬

EGAL NOTICE.—WANTED, INFORMATION
regarding the ESTATE in Chancery of the late WALTER
BAIN, a native of Luss, N.B., who died about 1710. Address Sestland,
are of Adams and Francis, advertising agents, 59, Fleet-street.
H. A.—I hope, darling, that you will shortly be
able to receive a letter fromme. You may perhaps he away
on a visit, and so getone in safety. Do not fail to 1st me know if you
go ont, and whether I may come and see you. I daily hope for the
opportunity of writing to you. Believe me ever yours,—H.
SIR SAMUEL RAYMOND JARVIS, Knight,
deceased.—The RELATIVES of this gentleman, andany person
or persons holding his will, or having any knowledge as to it, are re¬
quested at once to COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Gregory, Row¬
cliffes, and Rawle, solicitors, 1, Bedford-row, London.
MISSING.—LEFT his employment, in Mincing¬
lane, on Thursday morning, December 3, a YOUNG MAN, 24
years of age, about 5 ft. 7 inches high, of fair complexion, no whisker,
face morked with pimples, and who has lost the thumb of the right
hand. Hasnot since been heard of. Any information respecting him
will be thankfully received at 133, Church-road, Essex-road, Islington.
DISAPPEARED from her home, in Dublin, on the
30th ultimo, a YOUNG LADY (recently married), 22 years of
age, very tall, slim, graceful figure, luxuriant dark hair, worn in plaits
behind, large, expressive, dark brown eyes, and pale complexion; has
an exceedingly-small-hand and foot. Was dressed in a rich black silk
dress, with strain trimmed with white, sealskin jacket, black velvet
bonnet with white feather, and wears an opal and brillant ring on
wedding finger.—Pollaky, Private Inquiry-office, 13, Paddington-¬

THE NEW RIVER COMPANY desire to
ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of a TEN POUND NOTE,
panied by a statement, signed "N. B.," that it was for a supply
of water, not, it was thought, sufficiently paid for.
ROYAL FREE HOSPITAL, Gray's-inn-road.—The
Weekly Board beg most gratefully to ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEIPT of a CHEQUE for £75, from E. P., as "a donation in aid
of the general funds of the Hospital."—Dec. 11, 1868.
LOST, on the 10th inst., in or near the Soho Bazaar,
a PURSE, containing a £5 note, two sovereigns, and some silver.
If taken to Rastall and Son's, stationers, Eccleston-street, Pimlico,
S.W., the finder-shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on the night of the 1st inst., between Portsea¬
e
Connaught-square, and the Edgware-road Station, a
SABLE TIPPET. A REWARD of ONE POUND to whosoever
takes it to 15, Portugal-Street, Lincoln's-inn-fields.
EAST INDIAN RAILWAY COMPANY.—LOST,
the CERTIFICATE No. 106,287, for £200 CONSOLIDATED
STOCK in the above Company. Any one finding the same, and will
bring it to Mr. Cook, librarian, Hill-Street, Richmond, S.W., shall re¬
ceive FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
BRACELET—Gold Chain Bracelet, with coral drop
—LOST; supposed to have been dropped in or from a cab, on
the evening of the 9th inst., which conveyed a party from Harley-street
to the New Queen's Theatre. A REWARD of TWO POUNDS will
be given on its return to 30, Harley-street, Cavendish-square.
PERA-GLASS LOST, in a cab, on Monday even¬
ing, from Glocester square to St. James's-hall. TEN SHILLINGS
REWARD given to whoever takes it to 22, Upper Berkeley-street,
Portman-square.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Wednesday
evening, the 9th inst, a PAIR of MOTHER OPEARL
OPERA-GLASSES, with the monogram "E. E. W."engraved thereon.
Supposed to have been dropped at the entrance of Drury-lane Tuestre.
Whoever will take the same to A. Moreau, stationer, 98, Queen's-road,
Bayswater, shall receive the above reward.
TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LEFT in a
Hansom CAB, on Thursday evening, Dec. 10, going from Cleve¬
land-gardens to the Queen's Theatre, HINGED IVORY OPERA¬
GLASSES, in case. To be sent to Mr. Lee, 20, Cleveland-gardens, W.
TO CABMEN.—LEFT in a four-wheeled CAB, on
he night of the 1st, a NEW. BLACK and WHITE MOTTLED
SCOTCH PLAID. If taken to Mr. Sharpe's, post-office, 98, Kensington-¬
park-road. TEN SHILLINGS REWARD will be paid.
TO WATCHMAKERS and DEALERS in
WATCHES.—FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST on the
4th September last, at Newport, Wales, a SILVER CHRONOMETER,
large size, by Bracebridge, London, No. 4,321. The above reward will
be paid to any person restoring the same to G. Horsmann, watchmaker,
Bath
TO CABMEN.—TWO POUNDS REWARD.—
LEFT in a four-wheeled CAB, which took a lady from 28, Hay¬
market, at 4 o'clock on Thursday afternoon, and set down at 12, Park¬
crescent, Portland-place, a RUSSIAN SABLE MUFF. The above
reward will be paid if it be taken to Mr. Pike, Secretary of Civil Co¬
operative Society, 28, Haymarket.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—To Picture Dealers
and others. The above reward will be giv
boerson givin n n
INE
RMATION which will lead to the RECOVERY of the under¬
mentione  .



flaxen-haired child, three years old, with very dark eyes,
tae oing
black and white kitten in her arms, her upper skirt caught up in front,
showing an ochre co e.
ei kirt, a straw hat
ned off the face,

hair over the forehead cut straight across the forehead,
costume in the style of 1779, when taken; a large piece of Tapestry,
subject, a rearing black horse, held down by a Greek and a Turk
standing close.
Iinformation to Mr. Miller, 1, Little College-street,
Westminster, S.
W.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT, on the 3d
of October last, in a Scarborough and Birmingham first-class
Railway Carriage, No. 1,108, which left Scarborough at 2.35 p.m., a
BLACK LEATHER BAG, with "Robert Turnbull, Scarborough,"
engraved on brass plate, and leather label attached. Contents value¬
less except to the owner. Anyone forwarding the same, with the
contents, to Mr. Turnbull, land agent, Hackness near Scarborough,

ar Chesterfield, not later than 31st December,
1868, will receive the above reward.
STRAYED, on Monday evenine the 7th, from
72, Chester-square, a BROWN RETRIEVER PUPPY Whd
ever shall take it to the above address shall receive ONE POUND
REWARD.
NOTICE.—If the PERSON who LOST a
LEATHER BAG, contain
t mnoney and an addr
oedetter.
the neignbourhood of Twickenham on the 2d in
will COMMUNI¬
CATE, by letter on l y e
ressed W. C.,
Waterloo-ro.
south,


co mmunicated with as to its
restoration.
CAME ASTRAY, at Walham-green, a large BLACK
NEWFOUNDLAND DOG. If not claimed, and expenses paid,
will be SOLD by public auction THIS DAY December 12th, at
Aldridge's, St. Martin's-lane. Application to Mr. William Freeman,
Proprietor.
BROUGHT to the CITY GREENYARD, a HE¬
GOAT, a Costermonger's Barrow, a Truek, a Ladder, and a
Poultry-case. Will be SOLD if not claimed within seven days from
this date.—Geo. B. Chapman, Keeper of the City Greenyard, E.C.,
Dec. 11th, 1868.

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £25 Consolidated £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of ELIZA COOMBS, of
Maidenhead, Berks, spinster, and which was transferred to the said
Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having re¬
mained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1858;—Notice is hereby given,
that, on the expiration of three months from this date the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Eliza Coombs,
who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner
appear and make out his claim thereto.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—A person is calling
and offering for sale at various faney warehouses small bundles
of tubes which he represents to be the METALLIC FIREWORKS of
the STEREOSCOPIC COMPANY, whereas those sold by the Com¬
any are packed in boxes bearing their name, and the inscription
"Registered according to the Act." The above reward will be paid to
any person affording such information as will lead to the apprehension
and conviction of the person making such fraudulent representations.
24 Cheapside. Dec. 9, 1868.
POLICE NOTICE.—Sale of Forfeited and Un¬
claimed Property, Cast Uniform Clothing, Bedding, Old Stores,
&c.—Mrs CHARLES O'FARRELL, widow, is instructed to SELL
by AUCTION, at Mr. Dillon's Auction Mart. 25, Bachelor's-walk, on
Wednesday the 16th instant, and following day, a large quantity of
MISCELLANEOUS PROPERTY: consisting of gold ant silver
watches, chains, keys, seals, pencil-cases, pins, rings, and various
articles of jewellery, some silver plate and plate ware, opera-glasses,
&c. various articles of wearing apparel, some railway rugs, &c. ; um¬
brellas, parssols, whips walking sticks, &c.; old iron, lead ropes, sacks,
&c., being property forfeited under the provisions of the Dublin Police
Acts, and found and unclaimed.
Also, the following articles of Cast Uniform Clothing, Bedding, &c.;
900 tunic coats, 550 great coats, 750 glazed capes, 50 pairs of tronsers,
and a number of day hats, 500 linen sheets, 200 pillow-covers, and
other articles of old stores, including two valuable lathes, with
benches, &c.
The sale will commence at 12 o'clock noon.
Metropolitan Police Office, Dublin Castle, Dec. 4, 1868.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 508.—Cold Harbour and
High Park Farms, Cranley, Surrey.—In the matter of the Act
of 25th and 26th Victo.
153.—Notice is hereby given, that on
the application of HARIPH HOLDEN, of No. 33, Allen-street, Gos¬
well-street, in the county of Middlesex, provision merchant, the Re¬

piration of three calendar months from the
date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDI¬
TAMENTS, called or known as Cold Harbour and High Park Farms,
in the parish of Cranley, in the county of Surrey, containing
176s. 3r. 35p., or thereabout, partly in band and partly in the tenure
or occupation of James Knight, bounded in part on or towards the
east by the turnpike road from Cranley to Horsham, and on or towards
the west by the public road from Crapley to Rudgwick, inter¬
sected by the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway from Cranley
to Horsham, and delineated on the map No. 508, deposited in
the Office of Land Registry as part of the description of the same
hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with the
mines and minerals under the same. If any person object to,
or desire to show cause against, such registration, or claim that
the same should be subject to any conditions or reservations or that any
particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved
or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the register,
such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34. Lin¬
coln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three
months personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or other¬
wise, to make such objection to, er to show cause against, or to make
such claim in respect of, such registration. But any person desiring to
make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating
the particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the
said office before the expiration of the said three months, otherwise
he will be excluded from making the same. The aforessid map may
be inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the
said three months. Dated this 12th day of December, 1868.
O. D MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
HENRY E. BROWN, Solicitor to the Applicant,
No. 11, Pall-mall east, London, S.
AND REGISTRY.—No. 526. —Highwoods,
Burghfield, Berks.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th
chap. 53.—Notice is hereby given, that on the application of
WALTER JOHN BRYANT, of 23a, Sussex-square, in the county of
Middlesex, and Highwoods, Burghfield, near Reading, in the county
of Berks, physician, the Registrar intends, at the expiration of three
calendar months from the date hereof to REGISTER with an in¬
defeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS called or known as
Highwoods, in the parish of Burghfield, in the county of Berks, con¬
taining 22a. 1r. 22p., or thereabouts, in hand, situate near Hermit's
hill, part thereof formerly called or known as Furze-field, Great Field¬
hill, and Little-hills, and numbered 860, 861, and 862 on the tithe
map for the parish of Burghfield, and the remainder thereof being
allotment under the Burghfield inclosure award of 1853, and abut¬
ting on or towards the north on the public road from Mortimer to
Reading, and delineated on the map No. 526, deposited in the Office
of Land Registry as part of the description of the same hereditaments,
and thereon edged with red, together with the mines and minerals
under the same. If any person objects to, or desire to show canse
against, such registration, or claims that the same should be subject to

brance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before the
Registrar should be entered on the register, such person may be heard
at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time
before the expiration of the said three mouths, personally or by his
solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objec.
tion to, or to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect of
such registration. But any person desiring to make such objection or
claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulers thereof,
and with his name and address thereto, in the caid office before the
expiration of the said three months, otherwise he will be excluded
from making the same. The aforesald map may be inspected at the
said office at any time before the expiration of the said three months.
—Dated this 12th day of December, 1863.
O. D. MORDAUNT. Chief Clerk.
BISCHOFF. COXE, and BOMPAS, Solicitors to the
Applicaut.
