TO R. T. N. B.—I have only this moment got your
letter. Come home, and you shall carry out the plan you pro¬
pose.—J. B., May 12.
WATE.—Your LETTERwe RECEIVED February
11th; also one from Homburg May 11th. Always pleased to hear
from you—but you do not say where I can address you.
WADHURST.—To HARRY —.Ella has
been seriously ill some time and is much distressed at the delay
of letters. Will he WRITE to her at once? Address to 2, Southamp¬
ten-buildings, W.C.
ST. MARY's HOSPITAL, Paddington, W.—The
Governors very gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of
£68 19s. 6d., kindly presented by Thomas Ferguson, Esq., in liquida¬
tion of the tavern expenses on the occasion of the Annual Festival in
Aldl of this Charity, on Tuesday, the 3d inst.
May 11, 1864.
JOS. G. WILKINSON, Sec.
MISS CHANDLER, Hon. Secretary of the Ladies'
Committee of the National Hospital for the Paralysed and
Epileptic, gratefully acknowledges the generous support given to the
Grand Fancy Sale, at Willis's Rooms, on the 6th, 7th, and 9th. She
regrets extremely that sudden indisposition, resulting from over¬
exertion, obliges her to delay written communications. Many elegant
articles the sketch, "Cat and Kitten," by Landseer, autographs,
water-colour drawings, &c.—remain unsold, and may be seen at her
house, 153, Albany-street, Regent's-park, N.W.
TO BAKERS.—If this MEETS the EYE of
ROBERT FORMAN, of Berwickshire, Scotland, he will HEAR
of his Brother JAMES by writing to Dunedin post-office, Otago, New
Zealand.
IF GEORGE NEWTON, joiner and cabinetmaker,
who (some years ago) resided at Camden-town. London, with his
father, George Newton, tailor, will apply to John Walb.
Sedge¬
field, in the county of Durham, mason, he will HEAR of SOME¬
THING to his ADVANTAGE.
NN PREECE, who was living at Henbury, as
cook and housekeeper, in April, 1858, is ENTITLED to a
LEGACY, under the will of her late brother, Richard Preece, formerly
of the parish of Bitterley, in the county of Salop, who died at Ludlow,
in November, 1863. She is requested to apply to Messrs. Southern
and Lloyd, solicitors, Ludlow.—Ludlow, 3d May, 1864.
LEGAL NOTICE.—WANTED, JAMESTURNLY,
of Belfast, in the county of Autrim, in Ireland, who went to
South America many years ago, and was last heard from by letter
dated 4th December, 1845, addressed from Viviroses; or any authentic
evidence of his death, and whether married or unmarried, and, if
married, whether he left any children him surviving. The said James
Turnly, or any of the parties aforesaid, will HEAR of SOMETHING
to his or their ADVANTAGE, upon applying to Messrs. Crawford
and Russell, Queen's-square, Belfast, in Ireland, on or before the 1st
day of November, 1864; and any person who was acquainted with the
said James Turnly and can give any authentic evidence with regard
to the said James Turnly, his family, or death, will please communi¬
cate without delay to the said Messrs. Crawford and Russell, Queen's¬
square, Belfast, Ireland.—Feb., 1864.
ROWER, late NASH.—This lady, a Roman Catholic,
connected with the Rouvière family, is believed to have died on
the 30th December, 1818, at No. 20, York-place, Portman-square, and
to have been buried at, or in the neighbourhood of, Bagshot, Surrey,
Any person who can give INFORMATION respecting the NATURE
and DURATION of her LAST ILLNESS, or the precise date and
place of her burial, is requested immediately to communicate with
Messrs. E. and F. Bannister and Fache, solicitors, 13, John-Street,
Bedford-ro
London, W.C., by whom he shall be liberally RE¬
WARDED.
LOST, a GOLD BRACELET, in Hyde-park, on
Thursday, the 12th of May. Whoever will bring the same to Mr.
n
George's-terrace, Bayswater-road, shall receive a
REWARD of THREE POUNDS.
LOST,between 2.30 and 3 p.m., on Thursday, May 12,
betwed
Portman-square and Mount-street, a small GOLD
GENEVA WATCH, set with turquoises on the back; makers, Howell
and James. Address J. Dashwood, Esq., Foreign-office, Whitehall. A
handsome REWARD will be given.
LOST, a BILL of EXCHANGE for £124 12s., dated
April 28, 1864, London, payable at Smith, Payne, and Co.'s, due
July 30, accepted by Ward, Sturt, and Co. in favour of Samways and
Mayhew. All persons are cautioned against negotiating the above, of
which payment is stopped. A REWARD will be given for its recovery.
Apply to the drawers, 3, Lilypot-lane, Noble-street, General Post-office.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a DIAMOND
STAR. Whoever brings the same to the Manager of the Palace
Hotel, Buckingham-gate, shall receive the above reware
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
In
May 1, near Millbank-street, a small BLACK and TAN
TERRIER BITCH, lately had puppies. Whoever will bring the same
to 16, York-street, Westminster, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
morning, a small MOURNING BROOCH, set in pearls, with
diamond sprig, between Sutton-place, Hackney, and Homerton Church.
The above reward will be given to whoever will bring it to 24, Sutton¬

NEVEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a single
case GOLD REPEATER WATCH, No. 10,412, Alguilles—Le
Roy, horloger du Roi, à Paris, D. The above sum will be paid to any
person bring the same to Mr. Lambe, jeweller, 99, King-street, Ham¬

TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the even¬
ing of Tuesday, the 3d of May, near St. Giles's Church, Camber¬
well, a small GENEVA WATCH, with brequet key and short chain
attached. The above will be paid if the watch is taken to Mr. G. H.
Burton, Robin Hood and Little John, Denmark-street, Cold Harbour¬

THREE GUINEAS REWARD. —LOST, on Thurs¬
day evening, the 12th inst., at Her
 e
ete or in Devon¬
shire-terrace, Hyde-park, a GOLD BREQUET CHAIN BRACELET,
with an ancient cameo in the centre. Whoever will take the same to
Mr. J. L. Moore, chymist, 1, Craven-place, Westbourne-terrace, W.,
shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, a SCOTCH TERRIER DOG.—If not
owned within seven days will be sold to pay expenses. Apply at
No. 17, Catherine-street, Strand.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £75 New Three per Cent. An¬
nuities, heretofore standing in the name of JOHN WOODHOUSE,
of the Chronicle-office, Doncaster, gentleman, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1854;—Notice
is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to
the said John Woodhouse, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £1,000 Reduced Three per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of JOSEPH
MAYER MONTEFIORE, of Great Stanhope-street, Mayfair, Esq.,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence
of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th
April, 1854; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid, to the said Joseph Mayer Montefiore, who has
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and
make out his claim thereto.
HOULD this MEET the EYE of FANNY J.
BEALE (maiden name), she will find a LETTER from her father,
John Beale, who left England in the year 1831, at the post-office,
Chatham, Kent.
ADVERTISEMENT for LEGATEES.—Pursuant
to an Order of the High Court of Chancery of England, made
in the matter of the estate of Hannah Elizabeth Wilberforce Bird.
late of No. 22, Sussex-square, Hyde-park, in the county of Middlesex,
widow, deceased, and in a cause "Francis Corrie Wilberforce Bird, an
infant, by George Peploe Brown, his next friend, against Thomas
Matthew Gisborne and George Hume," all persons CLAIMING the
BENEFIT of the following BEQUEST contained in the will of the
said HANNAH ELIZABETH WILBERFORCE BIRD, deceased,
that is to say, "to all my godchildren £20," are, by their solicitors, on
or before the 29th day of October next, to come in and prove their
claims at the chambers of the Master of the Rolls, in the Rolls-yard,
Chancery-lane, Middlesex; or, in default thereof, they will be peremp¬
torily excluded from the benefit of the said order. Wednesday, the
2d day of November, 1864, at 12 o'clock at noon, at the said chambers,
is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the said claims.—
Dated the 11thday of May, 1864.
E. B. CHURCH, Chief Clerk.
HUME and BIRD, 10, Great James-street, Bedford-row,
Solicitors for the said Estate.
IN CHANCERY.—In the Matter of "An Act for the
better Securing Trust 
&c.," and in the Matter of the e e
TRUSTS of the WILL of JOHN WAITE, deceased, &c.—Pursuant to
an Order made in the said matters, and dated the 26th day of February,
1864, all persons claiming to be CHILDREN, or the representatives of
children who were living in the month of February, 1847, of JAMES
WAITE, WILLIAM WAITE, STEPHEN WAITE, and THOMAS
WAITE respectively (the brothers of John Waite), formerly of
No. 29, New Church-Street, Marvlebone, pianoforte maker, and who
died in or about the month of of June, 1829, are, by their solicitors, on
or before the 24th day of June, 1864, to come in and prove their claims
at the chambers of the Vice-Chancellor Sir John Stuart, No. 11, Old¬
square, Lincoln's-inn, in the county of Middlesex. Tuesday, the 28th
of June, 1864, at the hour of 12 of the clock at noon, at the said
chambers, is appointed for adjudicating upon such claims. The said
Thomas Waite, who was a carpenter, was baptized at Hewish, in the
county of Wilts, in 1768. The said Stephen Waite was baptized at
Hewish aforesaid in 1766, and afterwards lived as a farrier in London.
—Dated this 11th day of May, 1864.
ROBT. WM. PEAKE, Chief Clerk.
GOULD, LEAKE, SWINDELL, PHILLIPS.—
Chancery Notice.—By a Decree of the High Court of Chancery,
bae e in n a cause of "Swindell against Wardle," the following IN¬
QUIRIES are directed to be made, namely:—1. What grandchildren
(other than Harriet Swindell, of Ashbourne, in Derbyshire, widow) of
Mary Gould, late of Rocester, in Staffordshire (who was buried there
on 25th May, 1815), and of Elizabeth Leake, late of Heath-house, in
the parish of Cheddleton, in Derbyshire (who was buried at Cheddleton
on 6th April, 1822), respectively described in the will of the testator,
William Phillips, late of Springfield-house, in the parish of Uttoxeter,
in Staffordshire, Esquire (who died there on 21st October, 1863), as his
aunts, were living, or in ventre sa mere, at the death of the said Wil¬
liam Phillips, and whether they are all living, or if any of them are
dead, who are their respective legal personal representatives? 2. What
child or childrers of any grandchildren (except of the said Harrict
Swindell) that died before the said William Phillips, of either of them
the said Mary Gould and Elizabeth Leake, was or were living at the
death of the said William Phillips, and whether any and which of them
are now dead, and who are their respective legal personal representa¬
tives? 3. What children or grandchildren of the said Harriet Swindell
have been born, and which of them were living at the death of the
said William Phillips, and whether such last-mentioned children or
grandchildren are all now living, or if any of them are dead when they
respectively died and who are their respective legal personal repre¬
sentatives? 4. Whether the parents of any of the grandchildren of the
said Mary Gould and Elizabeth Leake respectively, being children of
the said Mary Gould and Elizabeth Leake, were living at the death of
the said William Phillips, and whether any and which of them are
since dead, and what are their respective names? Persons claiming
to be such parents, children, grandehildren, great-grandchildren, or
legal personal representatives respectively as aforesaid, are, by their
solicitors, on or before the 21st day of June, 1864, to come in and
prove their respective'claims at the chambers of the Master of the
Rolls, in the Rolis-yard, Chancery-lane, Middlesex; or, in default
thereof, they will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the
said decree. Tuesday, the 28th day of June, 1864, at 12 o'clock at
noon, at the said chambers, is appointed for hearing and adjudicating
upon the claims.
SEO. HUME, Chief Clerk.
JOHN and CHARLES COLE, 36, Essex-Street, Strand, London,
Agents for Blair, Jervis, and Gould, Uttoxeter, Staffordshire,
Plaintiff's Soliciton.
IN the Matter of a PATENT granted to DAVID
NAYLOR, of Stockport, in the county of Chester, carpet manufac¬
turer, for "Improvements in Looms for Weaving Carpets and other
Fabrics, and in the Methods of Manufacturing the same," bearing date
the 7th day of October, 1858 (No. 2.230.)—Notice is hereby given, that
the patentee of the said Letters Patent has Applied by Petition to
Her Matesty's Commissioners of Patents for leave to enter a DIS¬
CLAIMER and MEMORANDUM of ALTERATION of certain
PARTS of the SPECIFICATION of the said Letters Patent; and
any person intending to oppose such application must give notice
thereof, at the office of the Solicitor-General, No. 1, Mit.

inge
emple, within 10 days from the date hereof.—Dated this 13th
day of M.
WILLIAM CARPMAEL, Agent for the Petitioner, 24, South¬
to on-buildings, Chancery-l.
DISSOLUTION of PARTNERSHIP.—The part¬
nership bet
Silvy and A. Renoult having been
dissolved, Mr. CAMILLE SILVY begs to announce that he will slone
henceforth conduct his studios, which he is considerably enlarging, in
order to adapt them to all the different applications of the photo¬
graphic art.—38, Porchester-terrace, Bayswater, W.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP
N
which has for some time past been carried on by Philip Schott
an n Louls Baer,
dere t h e
irm of "Baer, Schott, and Co
at 101
Ironmonger-lane,
ceieti i e en the
to oe o ondo

Savage¬
gardens, Crut.
dfriars, in the said city, and at 204, Bermondsey,
So
hwar en the e e.
unty of Surrey, in the trade or business
hide,

sin
porters and exporters, &c., was this day
DISOLVED
by muta 
sent.—As witness our hands this 2d day of May,
sease
SOT,
LOUIS BAER.
Witness.
Thos. Fearncombe Chorley, 48s.
foorgate-street,
CROQUET, Cricket, Archery.—The best qualities,
the lowest price
An illustrated descriptive catalogue post free.
—ASSER and SHERWIN, 81, Strand, Londons.
