B. N.S. —Salabery at 2. Deputation at 2 to day.
RY. to K. W. —Darling, how slowly time goes,
When? WRITE soon. Trust me. B—d. Yours only, ad finum
fidells.—P. Y.
J. L. W. affectionately entreats his brother, J. W. W.,
to WRITE, immediately, for his mother's sake, and that he may
te s is te in his wishes.
IF HENRY WILLIAM BOOTH, Esq., formerly of
Lynton, Dovon, will APPLY to W. G. Enscoe, 137, Blackfriars¬
road, London, he will hear of something to his benefit.
WILLIAM. —See me on Monday or Tuesday, 5 p.m.,
entrance-gate, Kensington-gardens. Letter, if from you to
H. H., was too late. WRITE again. Carry only two books this time.
Have been to S. Row. Do not believe
BRITISH and FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY.—
Mr. W. HITCHIN, Accountant of the British and Foreign Bible
ACKNOWLEDGES, with best thanks, the RECEIPT of a
DONATION of £5 from George Wright, Esq.
LOST, on Friday, May 6th, in Kensington-gardens,
tween Porchester-gate and Alexandra-gate, a GREEN VEL¬
VET PURSE, with gilt frame, studded with coral, lined with green
silk, containing five or six sovereigns. Whoever will take this to J.
Balton, 39, St. George's-place, Knightsbridge, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Sunday last, between Dover-street and
Waterloo Station, a SMALL GREEN RUSSIAN LEATHER
card,
POCKET BOOK, containing one £5 note, some gold an¬
with the name of Charles H. Campbell, &c. THREE POUNDS
REWARD will be given to anyone resurning the pocket book and con¬
tents to 49, Dover-street.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in transit
through the post, a £100 BANK of ENGLAND NOTE (M-3
18754, 5th March, 1870), payment of which is stopped. Apply at
No. 6, Corn Exchange-chambers, Seething-lane.
THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST, on
Saturday last, 7th inst., between Stanmore and Pinner, Middlesex.
a DARK GRAY, nearly Black, SKYE TERRIER, very ricketty in
his hinder legs. Answers to the name of Skye Any person restor¬
ing the same to his owner at Stanmore-cottage, Stanmore, shall receive
the above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a DUPLI¬
CATE SET of TEETH, with morocco box, between Cheapside
and Oxford-street. Apply to Mr. Edw. Lukyn, 35, New Broad-street.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, from the
langham Hotel, on the night of the 27th ult., a SMALL thorough
RED TERRIER, with te


Whoever will return the same
to Langham Hotel, Portland-place, shall receive the above reward. No
further reward will be offered.
FOUND, last week, at the Anchor Dining Rooms,
Nos. 66 and 67, Cheapside, a PARCEL, which can be obtained
upon a full description being given.—Lake and Turner, proprietors,
and at 49, Cheapside.
FOUND, on Primrose-hill, on or about the 24th of
April, a GOLD RING. The owner can have it returned to him
upon giving a correct descripton of the same, and defraying expenses.
Apply to Mr. J. Hayes, Great Wasley, Brentwood, Essex.
FOUND, last week at the Refreshment Room,
Waterleo Station, TWO FIVE POUND NOTES. The owner
can have the same by giving proper description and applying to W. H.
Clark, Proprietor.
FOUND, in the possession of a man in custody, a
PAIR of OPERA GLASSES and a PAIR of FIELD GLASSES,
supposed stolen at Sevenoaks Races, on the 6th inst. Now to be seen
at the Detective Department, Great Scotland-yard, London.
FOUND in the POSSESSION of a PRISONER now
under remand:—Eight rings—one blue stone, set with brillants,
fine gold, two plain, set with diamonds, one chased single ditto, one
ditto green stones and diamonds; four gold pencil-cases—two plain.
one amethyst, one turquoise; three gold watches—one gold-faced,
engine-turned, maker, Massey, Strand, No. 1,453; one white face,
maker Leon, Geneva, No. 10,258; one, maker, Thos. F. Cooper. Lon¬
don, No. 224.784; five silver watches—one engine-turned lever, maker,
Jones, Cheapside, No. 4,219 ; one large, old-fashioned verge, No. 702;
two open-faced Genevas, Nos. 19.391 and 19,393, D. M. and J. E. T.
on cases, a woman engraved on works, and a compass in each on
small, old-fashioned, William Tomson, London, on works, No. 2.784,
inside case J. N. 7, and Bell scratched on outer case; two silver
spoons—one tea, one sait ; one jet neck chain, one scarf pin femerald
and pearls), two pairs gold earrings, one set with pearls, one silver top
of walking stick, two plated dishes, two brooches—one gold (horse-shoe),
one silver (deer's foot): 10 duplicates—one for diamond ring for £80.
one for gold watch, £6, one for watch, chain, and locket, £5, one for
gold bracelet, £3, one gold watch, £4 10s., one for a glazier's diamond,
one gold pencil-case, two cigar holders, one Russian gilt crotchet case,
five drinking horns, one cigar-case, two razors and cases, maker Under¬
wood, 55, Haymarket, two cameos (one, Virgin and Child, one, lady and
bird), three remnants of black cloth, three yards blue pilot cloth, seven
coats (two Mackintosh, four black, one over), one piece of black satin,
two pairs of military socks, five boxes of cigars, two black lace shawls,
one lace veil, one white and green woollen shawl, one piece of sealskin,
two petticeats (one black satin, one stripe), one long, gold neck chain,
two coins and seal attached; one surgical injector, makers Mawer and
Sons, 55, Aldermanbury, London, in rosewood case, lined with purple.
three old penny pieces, one marked J. Walker and Co. Globe Works,
Sheffield. To be seen at Cottage-road Police Station, Eaton-square.
Metropolitan Police-office, Great Scotland-yard,
London, S.W., 11th May, 1870.
TO MERCERS, Tailors, &c.—Persons having
obtained different articles in my name from the above. I desire
to notice that I will NOT be ANSWERABLE for any GOODS obtained
in my name by any person whatsoever.—COURTENAY MANSEL,
Wimbledon.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of four dividends on various amounts
of Consolidated £3
te nuities, heretofore standing in the
name of CLAUDIUS JAMES NORRIS, of 52, Marina, St. Leonard's,
Esquire, and which dividends were paid oyer to the Commissioners for
the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of the first
thereof having remained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1860;—
Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Dividends will be paid to Claudius James Norris,
who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner
appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £24 15s. 3d. New £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretotore standing in the name of RICHARD FAIR¬
CLOTH, of Newmarket, Esquire, and which was transferred to the
said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having
remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1860 ;— Notice is hereby given,
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to Richard Fair¬
cloth, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of six dividends on the sum of
£1,041 1s. 10d. New £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in
the name of CHARLES BENTLEY, of Woodstock-street, Oxford¬
street, pewterer, and which dividends were paid over to the Commis¬
sioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of the
first thereof having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1860;—
Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this
date, the said Dividends will be paid to Sophia Bentley, widow, sole
executrix of Charles Bentley, deceased, who has claimed the same, un¬
less some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £207 18s. 9d. Consolidated £3
per Cent. Apnuities, heretofore standing in the name of GEORGE
MARSHALL CROCKFORD, of Lewes, Sussex, surgeon, and which
was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the divi¬
dends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1859 ;
—Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three months from
this date the said stock will be transferred, and the dividends thereon
paid to George Marshall Crockford, who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To ROBERT WOOD, late of

near Gateshead, in the county of Durham.—Take notice,
that a CITATION, bearing date the 28th day of April, 1870, has issued.
under the seal of Her Majesty's Court for Divorce and Matrimonial
Causes, at the instance of Hannah Wood, of Hligh Burn-house, Heworth,
in the county of Durham, citing you to appear in the said Court within
eight days of service thereof, then and there to answer her petition,
filed in the said Court, praying for a dissolution of her marriage; and
such citation contains an intimation that in default of your so doing
the Court will proceed to hear the said petition proved in due course
of law, and to pronounce sentence thereon, your absence notwith¬
standing. — Dated this 23th day of April, 1870.
A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
SIMPSON and CULLINGFORD, 85, Gracechurch-Street.
Solicitors for Petitioner.
INDIARUBBER SPONGE.—Caution.—Whereas a
patent was takep ont in September, 1863, by FORSTER and
HEARTFIELD for the production of indiarubber sponge by mould¬
ing, as therein described, indiarubber, guttapercha, or their com¬
pounds, with animal or vegetable fibre, charcoal, and water, or other
liquid or substance which will generate vapour in the curing process.
and whereas they have reason to believe that the said PATENT is
being PIRATED—they hereby offer a REWARD of £20 to any person
or workman who shall give such information as shall lead to the con¬
viction of parties so making or selling the same. Address to P. B.
Cow, Hill, and Co., sole manufacturers, 46, Cheapsiee, E.C., London.
—April 20th, 1870.
THE CONTAGIOUS DISEASES ACTS.—Offices
of the METROPOLITAN ASSOCIATION for the REPEAL of
these ACTS, 50, Great Marlborough-street, W., where information and
pampblets can be procured. SUBSCRIPTIONS earnestly requested.
ELKINGTON and Co., Patentees of the Electro¬
Plate, desire to impress upon public attention the fact that all
articles of their guaranteed manufacture are distinctly stamped with
their trade mark, E. and Co., under a crown, in a shield—the represen¬
tation now so frequently made, that articles, often of the most inferior
description, are plated by Elkington and Co.'s process, is antirely value¬
less as a criterion of quality. In the ease of "Elkington v. Johnson,"
recently tried before Vice-Chancellor James, defendant having unlaw¬
fully used their marks, a perpetual injunction was granted restraining
defendant from using or imitating their name or trade marks; and
Ekington and Co. give notice that they will take LEGAL PROCEED¬
INGS against all persons USING or IMITATING their NAME or
TRADE MARKS. Manufactory, Newhall-Street, Birmingham:
No. 22, Regent-street, London; 45, Moorgate-street, London; 25,
Church-Street, Liverpool; St. Ann's-square, Manchester.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label, used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby
CAUTION.—CHUBB'S PATENT SAFES, for
effectually securing books, deeds, cash, plate, and jewels, from
fire and burglars, can be obtained in London only, at Chubb and Son's,
No. 57, St. Paul's churchyard.
CAUTION.—The LITTLE STRANGER, the best
and cheapgst hand lock-stitch (shuttle) SEWING MACHINE.
Sole agents for London and the heme countres, S. W. SILVER and
co., 2, 3, and 4. Bishoprgate within, and 66 and 67. Cornhill, London, E.C.
CAUTION.—BETTS'S CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of capsules made in contravention
of his rights, which necessarily are numerous, Berts being the original
inventor and sole maker in the United Kingdom.—I. Wharf-road, City¬
road London; and Bordeaux, France.—April 8, 1869.
CAUTION.—Ice Safes or Refrigerators.—The new
DUPLEX REFRIGERATOR, combining every modern im¬
provement, registered 17th March, 1869.—Notice is hereby given, that
preceedings will be taken against any one INFRINGING upon the
Company's rights under the registration by the sole makers, the
WENHAM LAKE ICE COMPANY, 140, Strand, London, W. C.
CAUTION.—Patterns Free.—D. NICHOLSON and
Co. beg to inform their customers and ladies generally that from
them alone can PATTERNS of all the NEW SILKS, Cambrics, and
Dress Fabrics be obtained, arranged in the new Registered Pian, by
which every pattern can be seen at a glance.—Nos. 50 to 52, St. Paul's
churchyard. Ladies are invited to write for patterns.
CAUTION.—LIGHT HICKORY CARRIAGES.
—H. MULLINER, Leamington Carriage Works, finds it necessary
to state that it was he who exhibited the very Light Hickory Phaeton,
painted blask and gold relief, and also the Light Hickory Whitechapel
Cart, at the Great Exhibition, Paris, 1867, and received the Prize
Medal for them. Also, that he has no other establishment them Lea¬
nington Spa, and 24, Baker-street. London.
CAUTION.—Billiards.—THURSTON and Co. beg
to caution the public against purchasing BILLIARD TABLES
represented to be second-hand tables of their manufacture. In order
to protect themselves and intending purchasers from this gross imposi¬
tion, they will, without charge, exxmine any billard tables which may
be offered for sale purporting to be of thek make.—14, Catherine-street,
Strand, London, W.C. Established 1814.
CAUTION.—Ice Safes.—Important to persons re¬
quiring ASH'S PATENT FILTERING REFRIGERATOR.—
These Fiftering Ice Safes having a world-wide reputation on account
of their great superiority to any others, the Piston Freezing Machine
and lee Cempany find it necessary to CAUTION the public against
IMITATIONS with a similer name, now frequently offered for sale,
which are not only inferior in construction, but totally different in
pringiple. Ash's Patent Filtering Refrigerator is manufactured solely
by the Piston Freezing Machine and Ice Company, and can be seen in
action at their offices, 314 and 315c. Oxford-street, near Harewood-cate
CAUTION.—The Registrar-General's Returns show
an alarmingly increased mortality from searlet and other forms
of fever. The highest medical authorities consider impure water a
most fruitful source of such diseases, and as no water stored in a cis¬
tern is ever pure it thould never be drunk unless properly filtered,
and the latest and best system of so doing is that—requiring no atten¬
tion on the part of servants and others—introduced by the LONDON
and GENERAL WATER PURIFYING COMPANY (Limited),
No. 157, Strand (four doors from Somerset-house), where the process
can be viewed and full particulars obtained. Read "Water, its Im¬
purities and Purification," per post, free.
