T is quite impossible for me to leave Beckenham at

MR.—Affectionately implored to return or write
immediately. Absence quite unnecessary and known to very
A. P., who some few years ago resided at 118, Glou¬
cester-road, Hyde-park, and previous to that at Leighton-road,
N.W., by writin e.
t. The Field, Stroud, Gloucestershire,
would RECEIVE the MUSIC BOOKS lent some years ago.
IF Mrs. WHITE, last year in service at the Haw¬
thorns, Shepherd's-bush, will COMMUNICATE, by letter, with
her former master, at the above address, she may hear of something
to her advantage.
RELATIVES of WILLIAM PEPPITT.—Pursuant
to an Order of the Chancery Division of the High Court of
Justice, made in an action in the Matter of the Estate of William
Peppitt, Deceased, Chester, against Phillips, 1876. P. 242, Robert Pop¬
pet, or Peppitt, and all other persons CLAIMING to be BROTHERS
or SISTERS of WILLIAM PEPPITT, late of Bootle, in the county
of Lancaster, Gentleman, deceased (who was a son of Samuel Pop¬
pet. of Norbury, in the county of Salop, Butcher, and who died in
May. 1850), or their legal personal representative, and also all persons
claiming to be children of brothers and sisters of the said William
Peppitt (and who are believed to have included, amongst other
persons, Robert Peppitt, John Peppitt, Samuel Peppitt, Joseph Pep¬
pitt, and Margaret, the wife of Frederick Cartwright, all children of
John Peppitt, of Liverpool, in the county of Lancaster, Pawnbroker.
and Robert Poppet, or Peppitt. Elizabeth Mary Poppet, or Peppitt, and
Timothy Poppet, or Peppitt, childron of Samuel Poppet, or Peppitt,
of Churchstoke, in the county of Montgomery, Butcher), or their
legal personal representatives, are, by their Solicitors, on or before
the 31st day of October 1877, to come in and prove their claims at the
chambers of the Vice-Chancellor Sir James Bacon, No.11, New-square,
Lincoln's-inn, Middlesex, or, in default thereof, they will be peremp¬
torily excluded from the benefit of the said Order. Wednesday, the
7th day of November, 1877, at twelve of the clock at noon, is ap¬
pointed for adjudicating upon the said claims. Dated this 7th day of



IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE Probate
Divorce and Admiralty Division—Divorce—To WILLIAM
GEORGE late of 89 Adrian Terrace Brompton in the County of Mid¬
diesex—Take notice that a CITATION has been issued under the
Seal of the High Court of Justice (Probate Divorce and Admiralty
Division) at the instance of George Collins of 23 Kingsgate Street
Holborn in the County of Middlesex Builder, citing you to appear
within 3 months in the said Court then and there to answer the Peti¬
tion filed in the said Court by the said George Collins praying for a
dissolution of his marriage with Charlotte Ann Collins and such
Citation contains an intimation in default of your so doing the said
Court will proceed to hear the said Petition proved in due course of
Law and to pronounce sentence thereon your absence notwithstanding
and a further intimation that for the purpose aforesaid you are to at¬
tend in person or by your Solicitor at the Divorce Registry of the said
Court at Somerset House Strand in the County of Middlesex & there
to enter an appearance in a book provided for that purpose without
which you will not be able to address the Court in person or by
Counsel at any stage of the proceedings in the cause.
H. L. STRONG Registrar.
E FARMAN 30 Great James Street Bedford Row
London Petitioners Solicitor.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the Re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the Nanonal Debt of the sum of £26 19s. 1d. Consolidated £3
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of EMMA
CATHERINE PEARCE, a minor, of Durham-street, Strand, spinster,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence
of the Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th
July, 1863;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid, to Emma Catherine Pearce, spinster, for¬
merly a minor, now of age, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £116 17s. 11d. New £3 per
Cent. Annuities beretofore standing in the name of LOUISA WAG¬
STAFF, wife of William Wagstaff, of 108, Waterloo-road, gentleman,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence
of the Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 10th
October, 1866;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, andt the
Dividends thereon paid to Louisa Wagstaff, widow, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto.
THE COLORADO BEETLE.—Supporters of the
theory that all created life was brought into being for the use of
man are earnestly requested to explain the utility to humanity of
the above creature. Address Scientific Enquirer, Torbay-house,

ALL SAINTS' Margaret-street.—The Vicar AC¬
KNOWLEDGES the RECEPT of £5. As the letter was nottre¬
ceived until after 10th August, the gift will be devoted to the decora¬
tions on All Saints-day.
LOST, on 4th August, between Spring-gardens-gate,
St. James's-park, and Victoria Station, a DEED, dated 4th Aug.,
1877. Whoever will take the s m e t e,
Woodham, 12, Spring¬
street, Hyde-park, shall receive ONE POUND REWARD. No fur¬
ther reward, as it is only of value to save expense of fresh deed
LOST, on bunday evening, in Richmond-park, be¬
tween Pembroke-lodge and the Star and Garter, or on the terrace,
 GENTLEMAN'S GOLD KEYLESS WATCH, Bennett makerwhite
face, initials F.H.E. on back. The finder will receive £5 REWARD
for bringing the same to Hazeldean, Putney-hill.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—LOST,
on August 23d, supposed to have been dropped between Messrs.
F. G. Beaton and Co.'s Auction Sale Rooms, 64, Basinghall-street, and
Moorgate-street Railway Station, a POCKET-BOCK, containing 10
Bank of England notes for £100 each, bearing consecutive numbers
from 0.15678 to 0.15687 ; also Five Notes, £5 each, marked Nos. 023212
to 023216; together with two Dock Warrants and private papers,
only of value to the owners. Payment of notes is stopped. The
above reward will be paid on restoring the pocket-book and contents
o Messrs. F. G. Beaton and Co., 44, Basinghall-street, E.C.
LOST, in Bond-street, on Thursday last, a SMALL,
long-haired, female DOG: answers to the name of Tines
returned to 55, New Bond-street, the finder shall receive TEN SHIL¬
LINGS REWARD.
LOST,
 SANDY-COLOURED SCOTCH
TERRIER DOG, answering to the name of Prince. Disap¬
peared at Mitcham Junction Station 13th August, about 8.45 a.m.
Whoever will give correct information of this dog, or take it to
Cranmers, Mitcham, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS. No further
reward will be offered.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST, August 23d.
from 45, Abbey-road, St. John's-wood, a BLACK SKYE
TERRIER DOG. Answers to the name of Toosie. To be returned
to the above address.
FOUND, in Lombard-street, August 23, £5 BANK
of ENGLAND NOTE. The owner may have the same by pay¬
ing expenses and giving sufficient proof of his ownership. Apply to
 W. Crocker 67 Lombard-street, City
THE KEIGHLEY and KENDAL TURNPIKE
ROAD (Yorkshire District).—Notice is hereby given, pursuant
to the Statute 34 and 35 Victoria, chapter 115, section 19, that all per¬
sons having CLAIMS in respect of any PRINCIPAL MONEYS
or INTEREST secured upon the revenues of the said Road are re¬
quired, on or before the 30th day of October, 1877, to send, addressed
to me, the undersigned, at my office in Settle, on behalf of the Trus¬
tees of the said Turnpike Road, particulars in writing of the said
claims, toge ther with the names and addresses of the respective
claimants.
Notice is hereby further given, that no claims will be received after
the said 30th day of October 1877, for any such principal moneys or
interest, and that so much of the mortgage debt of the Trust as con¬
sists of principal moneys or interest for which no claim shall be sent
in as aforesaid will, by virtue of the said Act, be extinguished.—Dated
this 18th day of August, 1877
WILLIAM HARTLEY, Clark to the Trustees.
NOTICE is hereby given, that pursuant to a Deed
enrolled in the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice,
on the 11th day of August, 1877, under the hand and seal of me.
the undersigned Charles Temple Lynes, of Blakeney, in the county of
Norfolk, Merchant, I, the undersigned, hitherto known and distin¬
guished by the surname of Temple, have ASSUMED and intend
henceforth to use and bear the SURNAME of LYNES in addi¬
tion to and after my former surname of Temple, and by such
surname of Lynes, in addition to and after my former sur¬
name of Temple, to designate myself and to be designated,
known, and distinguished by others, in all grants, deeds, wills, as¬
surances, commissions, and other future instruments whatsoever,
and in all actions, suits, and other proceedings to or in which I am or
may become a party or be otherwise interested, and for every other
purpose and on every other occasion whatsoever; and I, the said
Charles Temple Lynes, have, by the said deed, expressly authorised
and desired every person whomsoever to designate and describeme by
such surname in addition to and after my former surname of Temple
accordingly. —Dated this 27th day of August, 1877.
CHARLES TEMPLE LYNES.
Witnees—Thomas Pulmer, Solicitor, Swallham, Norfolk.
AUFGEBOT.—Es wird zur allgemeinen Kenntniss
gebracht, dass—1, der Herr ADOLPH WILHELM DEICH¬
MANN. Inhaber einer Bank in London, wohnhaft gu London, Sohn
des Herrn Wilhelm Ludwig Deichmann, Geheimer Commerzienrath,
und dessen Gemahlin Lilla, geb. Schaffhausen zu Mehlem a. Rh.;
2, und die verwittwete Frau HILDE von KRAUSE, geb, von Bunsen,
wohnhaft zu Bendeleben, Tochter des Herrn Kammerherrn von
Bunsen und dessen Gemablin Elisabeth, geb. Gurney zn London, die
EHE mit einander eingehon wollen.
Die Bekanntmachung des Aufgebots hat in den Standesamts
bezirken Bendeleben und London zu geschehen.
Bendeleben, am 30ten Julius, 1877.
(L.S.)	Der Standesbeamte, F. JUNKER.
The Consul-General of the German En pire, BOJANOWSKI.
TRADE MARKS EXHIBITION, 3, Castle-street,
Holborn, London.—Thes CLASSIFIED COLLECTION of
British and Foreign TRADE MARKS may be referred to daily,
between 11 and 4, by manufacturers and merchants who have regis¬
tered, or contemplate registering, under the recent Acts. Admission
free on presentation of card.
NOTICE.—Technical Education.—The Silver Trade
and the City Companies.—The duty of 20 per cent. upon silver
spoons and forks, and of 124 per cent. upon articles of daily use, is an
insurmountable obstacle to the art-progress of the silver trade. Mem¬
bers of Parliament (especially) and others interested in the success of
technical education are earnestly requested to lend a helping hand, in
order that the TAX (at once unjust and impolitic) may be
ABOLISHED during next session, so that the silver trade may par¬
take of the advantages offered by the scheme about to be propounded
by the City Companies. For further particulars address Edward J.
Watherston, Silversmith, 12, Pall-mall east, London.
FIVIL SERVICE SUPPLY ASSOCIATION
(Limited).—Notice.—The STORES of the Association will be
CLOSED on Saturday. September the 1st, for the usual half-yearly
stock taking. By order of the Committee of Management
WM. RODGERS, Secretary.
No. 136, Queen Victoria-street, E.C., August 22d, 1877.
SHOOTING.—GUN WANTED. Over 400 acres.
Address Medicus, W. J. Ricketts, Esq.'s, Frederick-street,
Gray's-inn-road, London.
HOOTING.—A gentleman would like to JOIN a
PARTY for this season, where there is prospect of good sport.—
Address and Inquiry office The Times Office, E.C.
SHOOTING.—WANTED, from 2,000 to 3,000 acres
of PHEASANT, Partridge, Hare, and Rabbit SHOOTING,
with small House. Apply to Stephen Grant, 67a, St. James's-street,
London, S.W.
SHOOTING (pheasant, partridge, hares and rabbits,
&c.), one or two days a week, over two estates, 1,600 acres, close
to stations, only 20 miles from London. From 100 to 160 guineas,
according to requirements. Particulars of Mr. Colson, Ware, Herts.
GUN for SALE—a nearly-new, 12-bore, central-fire,
DOUBLE BREECHLOADER, with extra wedge bolt, top lever
action, choke bore, by W. W. Greener. Cost over 30 guineas. Price
£18 18s.—No. 0676 Address and Inquiry office, The Times Office, E C.
SIX POUNDS.—Advertiser will SELL his handsome,
12-bore CENTRAL FIRE DOUBLE-BARRELLED BREECH¬
LOADER, which is a good killer, and in excellent condition, fitted
with latest improvements, for £6. He has also a Pair of eix-cham¬
bered, self-acting Revolvers, in case, for which he will take 30s. Great
bargain. No objection to send either or both on approval. Address
Sportsman, post office, Weston-super-Marc.
FORRESTER'S PRIVATE and CONFIDENTIAL
INVESTIGATION OFFICES, Commercial and Domestic (esta¬
blished 1860), 28a, Basinghall-Street. Missing friends traced. Office
hours 10 to 5.
THE PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, 33, Essex¬
street, Strand (established 1852 by C. F. FIELD, late Chief of
the Detective Police, and C. NICHOLLS), has agents in Paris,
Brussels, Berlin, Warsaw, Genoa, Malta, Cairo, Alexandria, New
York, Toronto, and Texas. Office hours 11 till 4.
FUNERALS. —The FUNERAL COMPANY
(Limited), 28, New Bridge-street, Blackfriars, E.C., and 82, Baker¬
street, Portman-square, W., established (in 1843) for funeral reform.
Funerals with or without appointments and decorations, or with pri¬
vate carriages if preferred.
ALEXIS BONO, Manager.
GOXand SONS' CATALOGUE of MONUMENTS.
Tombs, Crosses, and Head Stones, in granite, marble, and stone,
tomb rails, memorial brasses, mural tablets, &c., designed by eminent
architects and others, with prices, sent for six stamps.—Cox and Sons,
ecclesiastical warehouse and show rooms, 28 and 29, Southampton¬
street, Strand. Factory, the Wood and Stone Carving, Gothic Metal,
and Monumental Works, College Wharf, Belvedere-road, Lambeth.
CHURCH PLATE, including Chalices, Flagons,
Patens, and Offertory Basins, made in accordance with the rules
of the Ecclesiological Society. Pocket services, in morocco cases, for
the visitation of the sick. A pamphlet illustrated with engravings, will
be forwarded gratis on application to the GOLDSMITHS ALLIANCE
Ha , t.
 a, ,   Ln.
