X. X.
WILLIAM JOHN GIBBS.—The NEXT of KI
of this deceased who was an engineer in the East Indies,
requested to COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Lawford and Wats
house, of Drapers'-hall, 28, Austinfriars, London, E.C., solicitors tot
Administrator-General of Bengal, with particulars of their relationshi
NOTICE.—To the HOLDERS of THE TIMES.
Any one who can FURNISH those of 1863, to R. W. S. G., pos
office, King's Lynn, shall be REWARDED. Will either buy orhi
them for three days.
LOST or STOLEN, a small BROWN CURL
SCOTCH TERRIER. Whoever brings the same to 1, Somer

LOST (TEN SHILLINGS REWARD) a sma
CHATELAINE, with Brequet Key. The above reward will
given to anyone bringing the same to 2, Bentinck-street, Mancheste

LOST, on Tuesday morning, either in a Hansom Ca.
or close to Hyde-park-corner, a GRAY-FACED WATCH, o
small black Berlin iron chain, with gold pencil-case at one end ar
blue enamel locket on the other; letters "aci" on it. Whoever w
bring the same to Mr. Bingham's, 84, Mount-street, Grosvenor-squar
shall RECEIVE TWO POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, a GOLD CABLE CHAIN, with Locket an
Gold Key attached. The locket has monogram, on oneid
and crest and garter on the other, and portrait inside. It was dropps.
in the neighbourhood of Belsize-park, St. John's-wood, or Maida-hil
on Friday morning last. Whoever will bring the above to 1, Windso
terrace, Maida-hill, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sume
£2,039 1s. 8d. New £3 per Cent. Annuities, herstofore standing
the name of Lady TEMPERANCE BATEMAN, of Bath, widow, a
which dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the Reductic
of the National Debt in consequence of its having remained unclaime
since the 5th April, 1857; Notice is hereby given that, on the expir
tion of three months from this date, the said Dividend will be paid
Dame Amelia Anne Hood, sole executrix of Lady Temperay
Bateman, deceased, who has claimed the same, unless some othe
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Englan
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction
the National Debt of the sum of £28 18s. 2d. Consolidated £3 per-ceir.
Annuities, beretofore standing in the name of NATHANIE
MASON, of Red. Lion-square, London, gentleman, and which wal
transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividens¬
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1855;
Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereo
paid, to Harriet Anne Mason, widow, administratrix of Nathani¬
Mason, deceased, who has claimed the same, unless some other claiman¬
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Stock.—Appl
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Redun.
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £150 New £3 per Cen
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of ELIZABETH MARI
STRUDWICK, of Guildford, Surrey, spinster, and which 
transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the diy
ends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1857; 
Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividend
thereon paid, to Edward Joseph Snoxell and John Edward Turnes
executors of Elizabeth Maria Strudwick, deceased, who have claime
the same unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make of
his claim thereto.
SOCIETY of ARTS.—Harvesting of Corn in Wel
Weather.—The Council of the Society of Arts have resolved
offer the GOLD MEDAL of the Society, and a Prize of 50 Guineas fo
the best ESSAY on the "Harvesting of Corn in Wet Seasons." Fo
particulars and conditions apply to P. Le Neve Foster, Secretar,
Society of Arts, John-Street, Adelpi W.
PARISH of ST. GEORGE, HANOVER-SQUARE
—I, the undersigned Auditor, hereby give notice, that I hav
fixed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS relating to the Poor Rate and
the relief of the poor of the parish of St. George, Hanover-square
in the county of Middlesex, for the half-year ended the 25th of March
1867, to commence on Saturday, the 18th day of May inst, at 10 o'cloc
in the forenoon, at the Board Room in Mount-street, when and
where you, and all other persons who by law are bound to account a
such audit, are required to attend, and to submit all books, documents
bilis, and vouchers containing or relating to the said accounts, ort
moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the poor of the
said parish. Dated the 11th day of May, 1867,
(Signed) FRANCIS TOWERS STREETEN.
IN CHANCERY.—FARINA v. CATHERY and
others.—Caution.—The Vice-Chancellor Sir William Page Wood
having, on the 26th of April, 1867, by the decree made upon the hearing
of the above cause, instituted by Johaon Maria Farina, Gegenuber
dem Julichs Platz (opposite the Julichs Platz, Cologne), against the de¬
fendants, ro restrain the use in the United Kingdom of labels containing
the name and address " Johann Maria Farina, Gegenuber dem Joseph
Platz," printed or engraved in letters and characters such as to rende
the label an imitation of the plaintiff's trade mark, awarded a PER¬
PETUAL INJUNCTION, restraining the defendants, Charles Cathery
and Eugene Carmouche, their warehousemen, clerks, and agents, fron
thereafter selling perfumed water or liquid not manufactured or pre¬
pared by the plaintiff, in bottles having such labels as in the bill men¬
tioned pasted thereon, or rolied up, or packed in such wrappers as in
the bill referred to, or any other labels and wrappers being imitations.
with colourable variations only, of those invented and used by the
plaintiff, and from in any way using any labels or wrappers, or othen
particulars which should represent or have the appearance of represents.
ing the plaintiff as the manufacturer or preparer of the perfumed
water contained in such bottles, or from otherwise using the trade
marks of the plaintiff, or of the same or a like description as those
used by the plaitiff:—All persons are hereby cautioned from pur¬
chasing, selling exposing for sale, or otherwise dealing in perfumed
liquid or EAU DE COLOGNE, contained in bottles having affixed to,
or pasted thereon, labels upon which the name and address, "Johann
Maria Farina, Gegenuber dem Josephs Platz," is printed or engraved
in such letters and characters, or with such accompaniments as to
render it an imitation of the plaintiff's label and trade mark.—Dated
this 5th day of May, 1867.
VALLANCE and VALLANCE, 20, Essex-Street, Strand,
London, Solicitors for Mr. Johann Maria Farina,
Gegenuber dem Julichs Platz (opposite the Julichs

SEA.—Caution.—Persons requiring berths for ap¬
prentices and boys in the merchaut service are CAUTIONED
against replying to advertisements inserted by unauthorized persons
 styling themselves agents, captains, shipbrokers, shipowners, &c. An
account of the persons recently convicted for unlawfully obtaining
money under the pretence of finding employment for boys and
others on board ship, together with an official list of persons who can
legally engage boys and others for merchant ships, may be obtained
(gratis and post free) on application to the Registrar-General of Sea¬
toe n e e delaide-place, London-brig.
CAUTION.—FOREIGN VINEYARD ASSOCIA¬
TION (Limited), Joint Stock Wine Company, established 1854.—
The Directors, having learnt that letters intended for the Association
have miscarried, hereby give notice that this Company has no cont
nexion with any other establishment, and particularly request that all
orders and remittances be addressed to W. H. Palmer, Esq., Manager
at their new offices, 200, Regent-street, W.
CAUTION.—No ENGLISH KREOSOTE is
genuine unless with "Morson's" name and trade-mark on labels
Hydro-carbon of foreign origin is being offered as English Kreosote)
and we, the sole English manufacturers, will not guarantee any unles
bearing our name and trade-mark.
MORSON and SON.
Nos. 31, 33, and 124, Southampton-row, Russell-square,
London, W.C.
CAUTION.—Trade Mark. —The WENHAM LAKE
ICE COMPANY give notice that every REFRIGERATOR, of
ice safe of their manufacture, bears their name and trade mark
firmly fixed to the inside, to imitate which is felony. This notic
has become necessary in consequence of the numerous imitations o
their refrigerators got up, and represented to be the same as they sell
Sole office, Wenham Lake Ice Company, 140, Strand
CAUTION.—WINE AGENCY COMPAN)
(Limited).—It is particularly requested that orders and remit
tances be addressed solely to Geo. C. Coppinger, Esq., Manager,"2, Pic
cadilly; or to the Managers of the various branches, as under:—Cock
burn McBarnet, Esq., 76, Gordon-street, Glasgow; George A. Berkeley
Esq., 39, Old Steyne, Brighton; W. O. Meade King, Esq., 1, Fountain

CAUTION.—HOWARD's PATENT WOOD
TAPESTRY.—Notice is hereby given, that Messrs. Howard and
Sons, of Berners-street, Oxford-street, have, by letters patent, regis
tered their invention of wood tapestry ifor covering walls in lien o
painting), and notice is hereby further given, that they will take pro
ceedings aguinst any person infringing the patent, or party prive
thereto, so as to protect the rights and privileges secured to them by
this patent.
JAS. GOREN, Solicitor to and for Messrs. Howard and Sons
No. 29, South Molton-street, Oxford-street, W.
CAUTION to the WINE TRADE.—LOUIS
ROEDERER's "CARTE BLANCHE" CHAMPAGNE.—In thele
Second Chamher of the Imperial Court of Paris of the 6th February
1865, in the cause of Louis Roederer v. Theophile Roederer and Co.,
angment was given in favour of the plaintiff; and it was decreed tha
"The defendants shall be bound to insert henceforth in their adver
tisements, invoices, and prospectuses, as on their brands, labels, and
corks—1s4. The Christian name of Theophile. 2d. The following
note," Established in 1864"; and further," that this Christian name, and
this note, must appear there in letters of the same dimensions, and
of the same shape, as the name of Roederer." For the decree in full
see The Times of the 27th of March, 1865; Manchester Guardian
8th April: Liverpool Mercury, 14th July; Liverpool Courier, 25th July
Liverpool Daily Post, 2d August.—Mr. Louis Roederer, by his agent
in England, again draws attention to the above decision of the Cour
of Appeal, gwven at Paris on the 6th February, 1865, and in order o
avoid confusion of brands and disappointment, requests the patrons
of his brand always to mention his Christian name of Louis, whe
ordering his "Carte Blanche" Champagne. —Reims, December, 1866
Note.—Mr. Louis Roederer employs no travellers, and his transao
tions in this country are confined to licensed English wine merchants)
NOGUL THREAD.—Sole Manufacturers, J. P.
CLARKE and Co.—It having been discovered that sewin
cotton, bearing pirated labels, with the words "MOGUL THREAD
and our devise printed thereon, has been sold by certain unprinciped
manufacturers we hereby give notice that the inscription "Mogu¬
Thread," and the accompanying device, constitute our trade mark, to
imitate which is a misdemeanour, and subjects the offender to fine and
imprisonment. And we give further notice to manufacturers, winders
merchants, and retailers that, in order to protect ourselves and on¬
customers from all surreptitious imitations, we shall proceed against a
persons in whose possession the pirated goods may be found with the
utmost rigour.—J. P. Clarke and Co., Leicester, May 4, 1867.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—The Society of Arts having
swarded their silver medal and prize of 20 guineas to Messrs
PARKINS and GOTTO, of 25, Oxford-street, for their 2s. WRITING
CASE (of which 400,000 have been sold), for its utility, durability, an
cheapness, the public are hereby CAUTIONED against various imita
tions of the same, none being genuine unless stamped "Parkin s and
Gotto," with a crown above. The Postmaster-General permits this par¬
ticular case to pass through the post for four stamps.
REMOVAL.—Messrs. B. and S. COWVAN beg to
inform their friends and the public that they have removed to th
back part of their old premises, 164, Fenchurch-Street. Entrance 1, Bel
court.
NOTICE.—WARDEN and Co. (late MeBAIN
WARDEN, and Co.), special Highland tailors, have REMOVEL
to their new premises, No. 18, Maddox-street, Regent-street.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—The STEAM DYEING
COMPANY's BLOOMSBURY BRANCH (opposite Moses and
Son's) is REMOVED to the chief office Great Russell-street.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—WILLIAM JOHNSON
and Co. Wine Merchants, have REMOVED from 160, Pices
dilly, to 10, Duke-street, St. James's.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—PELLATT and Co.
glass manufacturers to the Queen, have REMOVED fror
the Baker-street Bazaar to Portman-house, 25, Baker-street. W.
PARIS EXHIBITION.—French Money and Bill
on Paris.—Visitors to the Exhibition are recommended to obtai
their FRENCH MONEY before starting, to save time, trouble, and
expense on arrival. The full exchange given by Mr. A. S. BAUM
Regent Exchange Office, 46, Regent-street, Piccadilly W
PARIS EXHIBITION.—PORTRAITS of the in
tended PURCHASERS of SEASON TICKETS.—By special ar
rangement, the OXFORD PHOTOGRAPHIC INSTITUTE has bee
appointed to take these portraits free of charge. Apply early, as th
time of taking such portraits will expire June 30th This advertise
ment will only be repeated twice.—30, Oxford-street, London.
PARIS EXHIBITION.—JENNER and KNEW
STUB, Dressing Case, travelling bag, and despatch box manufad
turers, die-sinkers, stationers, &c., to the Prince and Princess of Wales
are now EXHIBITING their SPECIALITIES in LEATHER WORE
&c., in Class 26, and their celebrated specimens of monograms, gem er
graving, and heraldic work in Class 8 of the Paris Exhibition.—Jenne
and Knewstub, 33, St. James's-street, and 66, Jermyn-street.
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY-OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES in England and on the continent
stituted with secresy and despatch by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington
green, London, W.
PRIVATE and CONFIDENTIAL INQUIRIES
conducted on moderate terms, by W. T. TOPP, 69, Ponsonb
place, Pimlico, London, late Inspector of Detective Police. Of man
years experience in divorce cases.
PRIVATE INQUIRY-OFFICE, 2, Southampton
buildings, Holborn.—Mr. BENTLEY (late Sheriff's officer), having
had 20 years' experience, undertakes inquiries of all kinds requiriu
secrecy and despatch, especially for the Divorce Cour¬
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE (established 1852)
at 20, Devereux-court, Temple. This office has now been
existence 15 years, during which period it has had confided to
some of the most remarkable cases of the day—namely, the Rugele,
murders, the Smyth forgeries, the Worcester forgeries, horse poison
ings incendiary fires, frands on ingurance compapice, rid way accident
divorce and libel cases, &c.—C. NICHOLLS.
