TO DONALD.—Risk all and come to me. I, am in
great trouble.—et.
JOE.—Received and treasures. Unchanged, un¬
cngeabln,
NOU ought to knew, as I do, that everything must
now come from yourself; all might then be right. Equally true.
YDENHAM HOTEL COMPANY.—THANKS
to "Anonymous." No person has been authorized to obtain
vances on the shares alluded to.
WHITBY R. H.—Have not forgotten. WRITE to
J. K. N., post-office, 10, Poultry, E.C., giving your name and
ress. It is quite safe.
FANNY.—Letter received, but not in time for
answer by the day fixed. A letter was sent immediately, how¬
ever, to post-office named; if you have left, pray send for it, and write

A. Z. 9.—THANKS. I promise to comply with your
wishes. Have much to ask and tell, which can best be told in an
interview. Will you appoint one, either here, or where and when you
will ? Trust me as before. No risk or suspi
IF EMMA PURKIS, daughter of John Purkis,
professor of music, late of Walworth, and at one time organist at
St. Clement's, London, will COMMUNICATE with Mr. J.T. Morland,
solicitor, Abingdon, she will HEAR of SOMETHING to her AD¬
VANTAGE.
IF this comes to the notice of EDWARD PORTER
CLARK, second son of the late Stephen and Elizabeth Clark, of
nshurst and Leominster, he is kindly requested to SEND his AD¬
DRESSto his eldest brother, Stephen Clark, late Royal Engineer Depart¬
ment, Sierra Leone.—8, Clifton-terrace, Haverstock-hill, London, N.W.
SHERRATT—WORGAN—Next of Kin.—WANT¬
ED, RELATIONS of JOHN SHERRATT, Charles Sherratt,
and sisters, children of John and Sarah Sherratt; of John Worgan,
Doctor Music. All living in 1790. Apply, by letters only, to Francis, Esq.,
No. 42, Tottenham-court-road.
PRICE (E. T G.). — EDWARD THORETON
GOULD PRICE, son of the late William Mitchell Price and
Elizabeth, his wife who sailed from Antwerp for Baltimore, in
the brig Emily, on 3d April, 1830, and has not since been heard of by
his family, is requested to COMMUNICATE with the undersigned, as,
in consequence of the death of a relative, he has become entitled to
some money.—Mason and Son, solicitors, 15, Bedford-row, London,
England.
MIR S. SCOTT, Bart., and Co. ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEIPT of HALF a £10 NOTE, No. 81931, for Mrs. Glad¬
stone's Orphanage, from M. M. W.
THE SECRETARY of the LONDON FEVER
HOSPITAL begs to gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RE¬
CEIPT of £3 for the use of the Cholera Wards of that Hospital from
THE SECRETARY of the ASYLUM for FEMALE
ORPHANS, Beddington, near iCr.
on (late of the Westmin¬
ster-bridge-road, Lambeth), begs to ACKNOWLEDGE, with grateful
thanks, the RECEIPT of a donation of £100 from an Anonymous
Friend, in aid of the funds of the Charity.—Offices, 32, Essex-street,
Strand W.C.
LOST, a small BLACK BOX, about 18 inches square,
with a black leather cover, marked H. P.; supposed to have
been dropped from a gentleman's carriage between the Charing-cross
Terminus and the Clapham-road, between the hours of 10 and 11
p.m. on the night of the 30th inst. Whoever will bring the above¬
mentioned box, with its contents, to Mr. Jaques, ironmonger, Clapham,
shall receive a REWARD of FIVE POUNDS.—Aug. 31, 1866.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, in Ken¬
sington, on Thursday, August 30, between Archer-street, Notting-¬
hill, and Brunswick-gardens, Campden-hill, a BUNCH of KEYS.
Whoever will take the same at once to 12, Stanley-terrace, Notting¬
hill, shall receive the above reward.
WARRANT LOST, No. 25,040, for one quarter¬
cask brandy, marked A M in a diamond, with two flowers
underneath, No. 9 ex Elba from Charente, entered by Musgrove,
January, 1864, in St. Katharine Docks. Any one bringing it to
Lawless' library, 13, Philpot-lane, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS
REWARD.
CAUTION to BANKERS and others.—Bankers
and others are hereby CAUTIONED not to take a draft on the Bank
of New South Wales for £200, numbered 461 79, drawn at Melbourne,
and dated 26th March, 1866, and payable 60 days' sight to the order of
John Mc D. Stuart, the same having been lost on the 23d day of July
last. Any person to whom the same may be tendered is requested to
give immediate notice to Mathews, Carter, and Bell, 102, Leadenhall-St.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of £2,000
Consolidated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name
of JOHN GEORGE FRANCIS, of Brighton, Esq., and which dividend
was paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National
Debt in consequence of its having remained unclaimed since the 5th
July, 1856:—Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Dividend will be paid to John George
Francis, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
In pursuance of an Order of the Court of Chancery, dated 24th
July, 1866, and made in the matter of Martha Stockdale, spinster, a
pauper lunatic, &c., the officers of the Bank of England are directed
to pay 10 Dividends on the sum of £20 5s. Long Annuities, heretofore
standing in the names of MARTHA STOCKDALE, spinster, and
CHARLES COVE, builder, both of Hornchurch, Essex, and which
dividends were paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt, in consequence of the first thereof having remained
unclaimed since the 10th October, 1855; Notice is hereby given, that,
on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Dividends
will be Paid to the Guardians of the Poor of the Romford Union, in
the county of Essex, the persons named in the said order, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
NOTICE to NEXT of KIN.—Whereas Thomas
Edmonds, late of Creed-lane, Ludgate-hill, in the city of Lon¬
on, cabinetmaker, who departed this life on the 22d day of April,
1822, by his will, dated the 18th day of March, 1822, and proved by the
executors thereof on the 15th day of May, 1822, devised all his
real estates to Joseph Savage, of Islington, in the county of
Middlesex, carpenter (since deceased), and George Capron, of
Savile-place, New Burlington-street, in the said county of
Middlesex, gentleman, upon trust, for his wife for life, and, after her
decease, upon trusts for sale and division of the proceeds "among all
and every the children of my late uncle, Charles Edmonds, of Boving¬
ton, in the county of Hertford, labourer, deceased, who shall be living
at the time of my decease, equally share and share alike, and their re¬
spective executors, administrators, and assigns;" now notice is hereby
given, that the widow of the said testator departed this life on the 11th
day of July last, and that all persons claiming to be the CHILDREN
or other remoter ISSUE of the said CHARLES EDMONDS, or other¬
wise claiming any interest under the will of the said Thomas Edmonds,
are, on or before the 20th day of September next, to send to the said
George Capron, the surviving trustee, at the office of the undersigned,
a statement in writing of their claims, and also proof of their identity.

CAPRON, BRABANT, CAPRON, and DALTON,
le-place, New Burlington-street, W.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs-at Law, &c.—A REGISTER
of all persons advertised for since 1749. 2s., post free 25 stamps.
HARRIS, DOUGAL, and Co., 106, Cheapside. Bank of England
unclaimed dividends, Treasury, Chancery, and all foreign stocks and
records searched. Railway and other compensation claims adjusted.
ALL persons having CLAIMS against the ESTATE
of the late Captain A. B. WHITE, late 2d Dragoon
Guards, are requested to forward the same to Messrs. Morris, 6, Old
Jewry, before 1st October, after which no claims will be entertained.
TO SHIPOWNERS, Shipbuilders, Exporters, Sail¬
makers, &c.—The GOUROCK ROPEWORK COMPANY beg
to intimate that they have REGISTERED the following as their
TRADE MARK, viz:—Al, with the words Trade Mark above, and
enclosed in a triangle. This mark will henceforth be stamped on the
outside of each bolt of sailcloth they manufacture. On their "extra" or
first quality of cloth, it will also be stamped on the red stripe every
12 feet apart, in addition to the letters G. R. Co. hitherto used. A
blue stripe in centre of the bolt will henceforth be a distinguishing
feature in their bleached or second quality of sailcloth. They subjoin
a note of their warehouses and agencies where their cloth can be

Warehouses—Greenock, Cross-shore-street; Port-Glasgow, Bay-street;
Glasgow, 56, Clyde-place; Liverpool, 8, Cooper's-row; Hull, 16, Wel¬
lington-street.
Agencies—London, Samuel Sadler, 24, Ironmonger-lane; Vegesack
and Bremerhaven, H. Wehmann.
nock, 27th August,
866.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 447.—Part of the Elmore
Pond Farm Estate, Chipstead, Surrey.—In the Matter of the
Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given,
that on the application of HENRY BUTLER, of No. 110, Fen¬
church-street, in the city of London, Esq., the Registrar intends,
at the expiration of three calendar months from the date hereof to
REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS
known as part of Elmore Pond Farm Estate, in the parish of Chip¬
stead, in the county of Surrey, containing 24a. 3r. 14p., or there¬
about, in hand, lying on the west side of the road from Croydon to
Reigate, between and opposite the White Hart Inn and the pond at
the junction of the said road and the Merstham-road, and delineated on
the map No. 447, deposited in the Office of Land Registry as part of the
description of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, to¬
gether with the mines and minerals under the same. If any person ob¬
jects to, or desire to show cause against, such registration, or claims that
the same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or
that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not
already proved or admitted before the Registrar should be entered on
the register, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the
said three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affi¬
davit or otherwise, to make such objection to, or to snow cause against,
or to make such claim in respect of, such registration. But any person de¬
siring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing,
stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address therete,
in the said Office, before the expiration of the said three months, other¬
wise he will be excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map
may be inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration
of the said three months. —Dated this 1st day of September, 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
WILLIAMS and JAMES, 62, Lincoln's-inn-fields, Solicitors to
Applicant.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 448.—Part of the Elmore
Pond Farm Estate, Chipstead, Surrey.—In the matter of the
Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that
on the application of ALEXANDER BEVINGTON, of Lloyds, in
the city of London, Esq., the Registrar intends, at the expiration of
three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an
indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS known as part of
Elmore-pond Farm Estate, in the parish of Chipstead, in the county of
Surrey, containing 28a. 0r. 4p., in hand, on the western side of the
parish road from Croydon to Reigate, near the White Hart Inn.
and delineated on the map No. 448, deposited in the Office of
Land Registry as part of the description of the same heredita¬
ments, and thereon edged with red, together with the mines and
minerals under the same. If any person objects to, or desires to
show cause against, such registration, or claims that the same
should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any
particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved
or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the register,
such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34,
Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said
three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit
or otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against, or
to make such claim in respect of, such registration. But any person
desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in
writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address
thereto, in the said office, before the expiration of the said
three months, otherwise he will be excluded from making the
same. The aforesaid map may be inspected at the said office at any
time before the expiration of the said three months. —Dated this 1st
sseemen.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
WILLIAMS and JAMES, 62, Lincoln's-inn-fields, Solicitors to
the Appicant.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 367.—Part of the Elmore
Pond Farm Estate, Chipstead, Surrey.—In the Matter of the Act
of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on
the application of JOHN GARRETT CATTLEY, of Penshurst, in the
county of Kent, Esquire, the Registrar intends, at the expiration of
three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER, with an
indefeasible title, the HEREDITAMENTS known as part of the
Elmore Pond Farm Estate, in the parish of Chipstead, in the county
of Surrey, containing 25a. 3r. 37p. or thereabout, in hand, bounded in
part on or towards the east by the parish road from Croydon to Rei¬
gate, and on or towards the north by road leading from Merstham into
the Walton-road; and which said hereditaments are delineated on the
map, No. 367 deposited in the Office of Land Registry, as part of the
description of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red,
together with the mines and minerals under the same. If any
person objects to, or desire to show cause against, such registration, or
claims that the same should be subject to any conditions or reservations,
or that any particular estate or encumbrance, charge or liability, not
already proved or admitted before the Registrar, shouid be entered on
the register, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of
the said three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by
affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause against,
or to make such claim in respect of, such registration. But any person
desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing,
stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto,
in the said office, before the expiration of the said three months.
otherwise he will be excluded from making the same. The aforesaid

ee
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
WILLIAMS and JAMES, 63, Lincoln's-inn-fields,
Solicitors to the Applicant.
ERIAL CHAIR.—ILLUSTRATED PRO¬
SPECTUS on application to CHARLES POMEROY BUTTON,

.
SPECTUS on application to CHARLES POMEROY BUTTON,

BANTOONE.—ILLUSTRATED PROSPECTUS
on application to CHARLES POMEROY BUTTON, 142 and

