J.
E.
ANNIE L, ean SEND LETTER to ne.—B. TH.
TOM NODDY.—Do WRITE. I am in trouble.
M. B.—Heartbroken. Will settle everythingt
bur satisfaction if you come, or communicate addr.
Little Dear."—Remember New Year's
day, 1866. Never desert your old True Blue. Have the mos
bonoying faith in your constancy. Illases has aloue prevented 
from writing. Quite alone in country. Toujeurs le meme (Res).
CODY.—RICHARD and JOHN CODY, sons
Patrick and Bridget Cody (maiden name Long), of Ballycurren.
arish Rosbercon, co. Kilkenny. WRITE to your father, post office
Port Adelaide, South Australia. He has property to leave you, and
greatly troubled at not having heard from you for 14 years.
(Irish papers please copy.)
RICHARD CODY.
CIVIL SERVICE of INDIA.—The GENTLEMEN
who, at the recent competition, were 59, 62, 66, 68, 79, 71, 72
31. 84, 85, 92, 93, 96, 102, 116, 117, 121, 124, 127, 132, 134, 136, 139, 14
145, 148, 150, 153, 160, 165, 183, 190, 192, 204, 205, 205, in.
merit, are requested to favour the advertiser with their NAMES an
ADDRESSES.—M.A., care of J. L. Syms, Esq., 7. Furnival's-inn.
TO PASSENGERS by the PANAMA ROUTI
STEAMER which left Sydney about the 1st of March.—A lad
earnestly requests the ADDRESS of Miss HILDRED, a passenger
the above. Address Mrs. John, 15, Glocester-terrace, Hyde-park.
SHOULD this MEET the EYE of Miss FRANCES
GRAIN, said to have been living at Forest-hill between the yea
1808 and 1814, she is requested to communicate with the Swiss Consu¬
late General, 21, Old Broad-street,
  London, where she wi
HEAR of SOMETHING to her ADVANTAGE.
TWO. HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—MIS
SING, since 28th August, 1865, HEW CRAWFURD POLLOE
age 24, height 5 feet 9 to 10, complexion fair, figure thin, but shoulder
rather broad, hair and whiskers black, accent Scotch, style
dress sporting. The above reward will be paid by John Martin, W.S.
No. 19, Chester-street. Edinburgh, to any person giving information of
the whereabouts of the abovenamed gentleman, or satisfactory proo
of his death. Information to Mr. Williamson, Chief Inspector, De
tective Department, Great Scotland-yard, London.
AURDEROUS ASSAULT and ROBBERY.—
ONE HUNDRED ad FIFTY POUNDS REWARD, and
Free Pardon to an accomplice. — Whereas, on the evening of Thursday
the 4th instant, at about half-past 8 o'clook, a man of the followin
description entered the shop of Mr. Edwin Vaughan, watchmaker an¬
jeweller, No. 25, Bath-Street, Bristol, and asked to purchase a watch
key, and, while being served, the man made a murderous attack on
him, striking him on the head with a life preserver or other blunt in
strument, which rendered Mr. Vaughan insensible, when the thie
stole from the shop window diamond rings, lockets, and gold Alber
chains, valued at £400 and upwards, namely:—Rings.—One half-hoo¬
diamond ring, with five stones, about 24 carats; one ruby and diamond
ring, about four grains; four single-stone diamond rings, 11, 2½, 3
and five grains; two cluster diamond rings, one with 15 stones
and about 3 carats, the other with 39 stones; one turquoise and
diamond ring, gipsey pattern; one half-hoop diamond ring, with
five stones, four grains (second-hand); one cluster opal an
diamond ring; one enamelled mourning single stone diamond ring
er.
Pin.—One diamond breast pin, Brunswick star pattern. Albert
the Chains.—One coloured gold drop Albert, small close fluted curb pat¬

tern, weighing 14 dwts. 23 grs. ; one ditto, weighing 13 dwts. 20 grs.
one ditto, cable pattern, bar link, weighing 19 dwts. 18 grs. ; one ditto
fancy pattern, weighing 1 oz, 6 dwts. 13 grs.; one ditto, twisted cable

pattern, fluted links, weighing 1 oz. 3 dwts.; one ditto open curb
plain, weighing 17 dwts, 5 grs. ; ene ditto, twisted fetter pattern,
weighing 1 oz. 7 dwts. 16 grs. ; one ditto, Alexandra patterni
1 oz. 11 dwts. 10 grs. Lockets.—One plain coloured geld locket, with
enamelled Brunswick star and diamond (2½ grs.) in centre, and box fo.
portrait; one coloured gold engraved locket, with cross, inlaid with
turquoise, has two boxes for portraits; one coloured gold locket, with
raised shield, and a bar of pearls across it, has two boxes for portraits
Description of the Thief. About 27 years old, five feet six or sever
inches high, slight made, sharp features, no whiskers, and cleal
shaved. Dressed in slate-celoured close-fittingtcoat, buttoned to chin
pockets at side, and soft black felt hat. £100 Reward will be paid to
any person who shall give such information and evidence as shall lead

to the conviction of the offender, namely, £50 by the jewellers of
Bristol, and £50 by Her Majesty's Government, and the Secretary of
State for the Home Department will advise the grant of Her Majestys
lie¬
gracious pardon to any accomplice (not being the person who actually
committed the assault) who shall give such evidence as shall leadt
the like result; also £50 will be paid by Mr. Vaughan for informatio
that shall lead to the recovery of the whole of the stolen property, of
in proportion to the value of property recovered. Information may
on
be given to Chief Superintendent Handcock, central police station
Bristol.—Bristol, July 8th, 1867.
LOST.—LEFT in a CAB, on the 19th June,
the
FOOLSCAP MINUTE BOOK, in paper parcel. Whoever will
brin
it to Mr. Taylor, 6, New Burlington-street, shall receive ONT
POUND REWARD.
LOST, between Eaton-square and Sloane-street, or
Friday evening last, a large SILVER BRACELET, with tur
oever will take the same to 109, Eaton-square, shall have
ONE POUND REWARD.
LOST, a LEATHER BAG (double), left in omnibug
6,269 (conductor 3,919), which reached the Victeria Station abou
half-past 3 p.m. on Saturday, July 20. Whoever will take the samel
with its contents, to Mr. Nie.
Parliament-street, Westming
ster, shall receive ONE POUND REWARD. No further reward will
be offered.
LEFT in a CAB, a PAISLEY SHAWL, on Wed.
nesday night, or rather Thursday morning, July 18th, at half
past 2, that conveyed a lady from Nottingham-street to 11, North-bank.
St. John's-wood. A liberal REWARD will be given if returncs.
BANKER's PASS BOOK MISSING.—LOST, of
the8th instant, a BANKER's PASS BOOK on the Nations
ank. Any one bringing the same to Messrs. Causton and Sons
No. 47, Eastcheap, E.C., shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
TWO POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on Wednesday
last, in the city, a small CHAIN. At one end was a gold Genevi
watch key, at the other a telescope pencil and a gold medal, on whicl
was the owner's name. Apply to E. Watson, jeweller, King-stree
Cheapside
FOUND, a DEERHOUND, July 20th, on board
steamboat. If not owned by Friday, will be SOLD to pay ex
enses.—96. Vauxhall-street.
FOUND, near Lime-street, on Thursday afternoon
25th inst., a PURSE, containing money, &c. The owner can re
ceive the same by describing the purse and contents, and paying ox
penses. Apply to M. G., 90, Lower Thames-street, E.C.
CAUTION.—OTTOMAN RAILWAY (SMYRNA
to AIDIN).—SHAREHOLDERS dissenting from the policy
the Directors are requested to SEND their NAMES and ADDRESSE¬
to T. G. Fardell, Esq., Hon. Sec. of the Sharcholders' Protective Asso
ciation, 1, Paper-buildings, Temple.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—I, SAMUEL ASHTON
THOMPSON, the second son of Samuel Henry Thompson, of
Thingwall-hall, near Liverpool, in the county of Lancaster, Esquire
and at present residing with my father, at Thigwalll-hall, aforesaid, d
hereby give public notice, that in order to comply with a condition, con
tained in a certain writing or instrument of appointment, dated the 1s
day of August, 1855, made and signed by Joseph Brooks Yates, late of
West Dingle, Foxteth-park, near Liverpool, aforesaid, Esquire, deceased
1 do intend from and after the 1st day of July instant to USE the
SURNAME of YATES, in addition to and immediately after my eed
sent surname of Thompson, and that from and after the said day
intend to be called and known by the name of Samuel Ashton
Thompson Yates. — Dated this 1st day of July, 1867.
SAMUEL ASHTON THOMPSON
IN the Matter of ELIZABETH DERMER, deceased
—Whereas Elizabeth Dermer formerly cantatrice at the Duca
Opera at Brunswick, deceased, at Vienna, on the 1st November, 1861.
left by her will, dated Vienna, December 11th, 1860, one-third of he
property to her nephew, Charles Dermer, a native of Magdeburg, resi¬
dent, in 1857, at Halifax (or in case of decease, to his legitimate chil
dren), the said CHARLES DERMER, or those next of kin to him
are herewith ordered to establish their claim within a year from the
death of the testatrix, in default whereof another appropriation of
the interest accrued on their share will be made ; should however
application be made to the undersigned court within 10 years, another
division of the share itself will be ordered by the said Court. Applit
cations on the part of children with the proofs of their lawful issue
should be made to the undersigned Court direct through the Imperia
Royal Notary. Dr. Rapp.—Vienna, 27th November
161, Inperial
Royal Court of the ceie,
LOEFFLER, M.P.
SHIP OMARPASHA, Gravesend, 22d July, 1867.—
To Captain McKAY.—Dear Sir,—We, the passengers of the
Omar Pasha, at the conclusion of a most pleasant, but prolonged and
difficult voyage from Melbourne, desire to beartestimony to your ability
as a commander: and more especially to express our appreciation o
your worth as an acquaintance, while your seamanlike qualities com
mand our admiration.
The constant solicitude evinced by you for our health and security
to during the voyage, shown more especially during the very heavy gale¬
encountered between New Zealand and Cape Horn, and in which on
of the sailors lost his life, has still greater claims on our respect.
Although baflling winds and calms during the latter part of the
voyage have caused you much trouble and annoyance, you have no
h, ceased in your endeavours to lighten the tediousness of the passage
and make those entrusted to your charge comfortable and happy.
That the Omar Pasha would have made a rapid voyage is eviden
from the fact of our having easily passed every vessel when an oppor
tunity afforded of the trial of speed.
We cannot but congratulate you on being so cheerfully séconded in
your exertions by your very able and efficient officers.
With offers of our best wishes for your future welfare and thato
your family, we remain, dear Sir, yours very sincerely.
igned on behalf of the rest of the passengers by 16 of the passengers
SALMON FISHERY ACTS, 1861, 1865.—Notice if
hereby given, that the Special Commissioners for Englis
Fisheries will hold a COURT at the Green Dragon Hotel, Working
ton, on Friday, the 13th day of September next, at the hour of
her o'clock a.m., and at such Court will proceed to inquire into the legalit,
of all FISHING WEIRS, Fishing Mill Dams, and Fixed Engine
situate on the RIVER DERWENT and its Tributaries, and the se
coast adjoining, in the county of Cumberland; and all persons inte
rested in such engines are required to attend at such Court from day
or day until discharged, in order that a decision may be made by th
ce said Commissioners with respect to the removal of such fishing weir
ng or fixed engines, or the alteration of such fishing mill dams, or tha

such other order may be made by them in the premises, as the facts o

en
JAMES PATERSON, The Special Commis¬
EARPOPRESA STE
noners for
HENRY SCOTT. English Fisheries,
Dated at 22, Parliament-street, Westminster,
this 24th day of July, 1867.
SALMON FISHERY ACTS, 1861, 1865.—Notice i
hereby given, that the Special Commissioners for English Fishe
ries will hold a COURT in the Athenseum, at Maryport, in the county
A of Cumberland, on Monday, the 9th day of September next, at the houf
to of 11 o'clock a.m., and at such Court will proceed to inquire into the
 legality of all FISHING WEIRS Fishing Mill Dams, and Fixe
Engines situate on the RIVER ELLEN and its Tributaries, and th
sea coast adjoining, in the county of Cumberland; and all persons in
terested in such engines are required to attend at such Court from de
to day until discharged, in order that a decision may be made by the
said Commissioners with respect to the removal of such fishing weirs
or fixed engines, or the alteration of such fishing mill dams, or the
such other order may be made by them in the premises, as the facts of
each case appear to warrant.
JAMES PATERSON, The Special Commis¬

sioners for
HENRY SCOTT. English Fisheries.
Dated at 22, Parliament-street, Westminster.,
this 24th day of July, 1867.
ORCHARD HOUSES, Experimental Fruit Tre
Culture, and Roses.—The NURSERIES at SAWBRIDGE
 WORTH, 100 acres in extent, are OPEN to the inspection of amateur
interested in the above. The Harlow Station, Great Eastern Railway.
(11 miles distant), where flys are in attendance, is the most convenient
THOS. RIVERS and SONS, Proprietors.
TO ARCHITECTS.—The Local Board of Health for
the District of West Ham hereby offer PREMIUMS of £100
£50, and £25 respectively for the THREE BEST SETS of DESIGN,
for the PROPOSED NEW OFFICES and VESTRY-HALL, to b
erected at Stratford at a cost of £12,000, exclusive of site.
The premiated designs will become the property of the Board. The
Board do not guarantee to carry out any design thus submitted, and
in the event of one of the competing architects being employed, th
premium will merge in the commission.
Further particulars, and a lithographed plan of the site, may be of
tained of Mr. Lewis Angell, Surveyor to the Local Board, at the
offices, upon payment of 5s.
The designs must be under a motto, and be delivered at my office
under seal, on or before Monday, the 23d September next.

CHAS. WILSON, Clerk to the Board.
Rokeby-house, Stratford, E., July 18, 1867.
CAUTION.—EUGENE CLICQUOT's CHAM
PAGNE.—Notice to the Wine Trade.—The purchasers of
wines are requested particularly to observe the brand "Eugen
Clicquot," as established and adhered to by me upwards of 20 year
having been duly registered according to the law of France the 27t
May, 1845. In the event of any champagnes being sold or offered
purporting to be mine, but not bearing my brand, or bearing any fraud
ulent imitation of it, I request that immediate information theree
of
may be given to me, or to my solicitors. Messrs. Vallance and Val
n'slance, 20, Essex-Street, Strand, London, W.C. The corks and label
are clearly marked.—Dated the 26th day of July. 1867
EUGENE CLICQUOT. Reims.
NOTICE.—Messrs. CHAMPION and Co., of th
well-known vinegar and mustard works, 115, City-road, find

necessary to state that they have no connexion whatever with an
for other firm in the City-road. Confusion and misunderstandir
existing as to the delivery of letters and orders, consumers are part
cularly requested to address to Champion and Co., Vinegar Work

TO OWNERS of DOGS.—Caution.—The pro
prietors of NALDIRE's TABLET hereby caution the publ
against spurious imitations of their celebrated and only genuine Fle
Nn 
Soap for Washing Dogs. Purchasers will please observe that th
ant names of Wright and Holdsworth, sole proprietors, and Barclay an
Sons, 95, Farringdon-street, London, wholesale agents, are on th
wrapper of each genuine Tablet.
