Y. Z. has RETURNED. Write and appoint a
place of meeting, day, and hour. Have posted you another
THE HOLDERS of a BILL (No. 2046) for £2,000,
drawn by Mohr, Brothers, and Co., of Akyab, on the Euro
Bank (Limited), at six months' sight, are requested to COMMUNI¬
CATE with Schultze and Mobr. 3, East India-avenue, E.C.
A. G., P. O., Mereworth, Kent, who advertised in
The Times and Field for a STEWARD, requests NO further
APPLICATIONS may be MADE, or answers expected.
THE SECRETARY of the MIDDLESEX HOSPI¬
AO I ARA RECEIVED £5, as Lepetre's apology.
LOST DOCUMENTS—Maryland Stock. FIVE
POUNDS REWARD will be paid upon the above being restored
in full to Messrs. Bower and Tomlin, 12, Copthall-court. No further
reward will be offered as duplicates can readily be procured.
LOST, on the 18th inst., a half-bred, SANDY¬
COLOURED SKYE TERRIER DOG. Answers to the name
Tip." Whoever will bring the same to 5. York-villas, Campden¬
hill, Kensington, shall receive ONE POUND REWARD. No further
reward will be offered.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—Caution to
Moneychangers and others.—LOST, on the evening of the 14th
inst., TWO £50 BANK of ENGLAND NOTES, dated 6th July, 1866,
and numbered 18215 and 18216 ; also two £10 Notes, one dated 9th
July, 1866, and numbered 67295. The address of the advertiser can be
obtained at the Police Station, Stone's-end, Borough; and the above
reward will be paid by him for the recovery of the note.
HENRY GALE, of Green-park Dairy, Tottenham,
hereby give notice, that if the HORSE left with me Sept. 27, 1865,
is NOT REMOVED on or before the 28th of this month, it will be
D, to defray expenses. —Sept. 10, 1860.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of
£1,473 2s. 8d. Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing
in the names of HERBERT WILLIAMS of Dorchester, Dorset,
Esquire, and JOHN WILLIAM CUNNINGHAM, Junior, of King's
College, Middlesex, Esquire, and which dividend was paid over to
the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in conse¬
quence of its having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1856;—
Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Dividend will be paid to Herbert Williams, who
has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner
appear and make out his claim thereto.
PERSONS of the NAMES of ASH, Brett, Burbeck,
Burdett, Calvert, Colban, Coutts, Coward, Crouch, Danvers, Davis,
De la Bere. Derwentwater, Duncombe, Every, Ellison, Garrett, Gore,
Grossett, Hall, Harford, Hartley, Hartop, Harvey, Hayes, Hearne,
Hoare, Holford, Horsley, Leigh, Lovatt, Lowndes, Mackley, Maddox,
Marsh, Mainwaring, Massingbeard, Metcalf, Muirhead, Oakes, Olmius,
Palmer, Phillips, Pike, Rycroft, Seagrove, Slade, Southerne, Talbot,
Taylor, Tessyman, Swan, and Watts, are hereby informed that
some INFORMATION which may be greatly to their advantage
is now published in the10th number of RESEARCHES RESPECTING
FAMILY HISTORY, Unclaimed Property, and Estates in Abeyance,
Price 5s., or sent free for 62 postage stamps. Address J. H. Fennell,
No. 49, Millbank-street, Westminster, S.W.
THE DIRECTORS of the EAST and WEST
INDIA DOCK COMPANY hereby give notice that in pursu¬
ance of the 74th section of the Act 25 and 26 Vic., c. 63, they will pro¬
ceed to SELL by AUCTION, for freight and charges, the undermen¬
tioned GOODS, in compliance with formal application from Messrs.
James Shepherd and Co., as brokers of the vessel:—Ex Patricia, from
Jamaica, June, 1866, 57 cwt. of Split Bamboo, without mark.
GEORGE COLLIN, Secretary.
East and West India Dock-house, Billiter-square, E.C.,
18th Sept., 1866.
NOTICE is hereby given, that Sir WILLIAM
SNOW HARRIS, of No. 6, Windsor-villas, Plymouth, in the
county of Devon, intends to apply by PETITION, under the 4th
section of the Statute 5 and 6 William IV., chapter 83, and the 7 and 8
Victoria, chapter 69, to Her Maiesty in Council, for a PROLONGA¬
TION of the TERM of sole USING and VENDING an INVENTION
of "Improvements in Lightning Conductors for Ships and Vessels,"
granted to him by Letters Patent, bearing date the 20th April, 1853, in
the 16th year of the reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria.
And notice is hereby further given, that the said Sir William Snow
Harris intends to apply by counsel to the Judicial Committee of the
Privy Council, on the 23d day of October now next, or, if the said
Judicial Committee shall not sit on that day, at the then next sitting
of the said Judicial Committee, for a time to be fixed for hearing the
matter of the said petition; and that, on or before the said 23d day of
October next, notice must be given of any opposition intended to be
made to the said petition; and any person intending to oppose the said
application must lodge a caveat against the granting of such applica¬
tion at the Council-office on or before that day.—Dated the 13th day
of September, 1866.
BOWER and COTTON, 46, Chancery-lane, Solicitors
for the said Sir William Snow Harris.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 250.—Nos. 49, 50, and
81, Bermondsey-wall, Bermondsey, Surrey.—In the Matter of the
Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given,
that on the application of THEOPHILUS RICHARDS, of No. 47,
Eversfield-place, St. Leonard's-on-the-Sea, in the county of Sussex,
Esquire, the Registrar intends, at the expiration of three calendar
months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible
TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS at Bermondsey-wall, in the parish
of Bermondsey, in the county of Surrey, in the tenure or occupation
of David Frederick Hollands, bounded on the north by the river
Thames, and intersected by Bermondsey-wall, comprising the buildings,
wharf, and land, numbered 49, 50, and 81, Bermondsey-wall, and deline¬
ated onithe map No. 250 deposited in theOffice of Land Registry as part of
the description of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, to¬
gether with the mines and minerals under the same. If any person ob¬
jects to, or desires to show cause against, such registration, or claims that
the same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or
that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not
already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on
the register, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the
said three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affi¬
davit or otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against,
or to make such claim in respect of, such registration. But any person de¬
siring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing,
stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto,
in the said Office, before the expiration of the said three months, other¬
wise he will be excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map
may be inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration
of the said three months. —Dated this 21st day of September, 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
MACKENZIE, TREHERNE, and TRINDER, of No. 77, Gres¬
ham-house, Old Broad-street, London, E.C., Solicitors to the
Applicant.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 251.—Nos. 51 and 82,
Bermondsey-wall, Bermondsey Surrey.—In the matter of the
Act of 25th a d 26th Victo  o.
p. 53, notice is hereby given, that on
the application of ALBERT PELLY, late of Woodside, in the parish
of Slaugham, in the county o f aus.
but now of Crovdon, in the
county of Surrey, Esquire, JUSTINIAN PELLY, of Gastons (near
Bishop Stortford), in the county of Essex, Esquire, CHARLES
COUCHMAN, of Temple Balsall, near Birmingham, in the county of
Warwick, Esquire, and CAROLINE BARKER, of Etherton-hill, in
the parish of Speldhurst, in the county of Kent, widow, the Registrar
intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the date
hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITA¬
MENTS at Bermondsey-wall, in the parish of Bermondsey, in the
county of Surrey, in the tenure or occupation of Messrs. Raymond
and Coombe, bounded on the north by the River Thames, and inter¬
sected by Bermondsey-wall, comprising the buildings, wharf, and land
numbered 51 and 82, Bermondsey-wall, and delineated on the map No.251,
deposited in the Office of Land Registry as part of the description of the
same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with the
mines and minerals under the same. If any person objects to,
or desires to show cause against, such registration, or claims that the
same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any
particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved
or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the register,
such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34,
Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said
three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit
or otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against, or
to make such claim in respect of, such registration. But any person
desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in
writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address
thereto, in the said office, before the expiration of the said
three months, otherwise he will be excluded from making the
same. The aforesaid map may be inspected at the said office at any
time before the expiration of the said three months.—Dated this 21st
day of September 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
MACKENZIE, TREHERNE, and TRINDER, of 77, Gresham¬
house, Old Broad-street, London, Solicitors to the Applicants.
BEALES TESTIMONIAL FUND. Chairman—

Lieut.-Col. DICKSON.
Treasurer—J. Cunnington, Esq., 68, Oakley-square, N.W.
Bankers—The Metropolitan and Provincial Bank.
Hon. Secretary—J. Baxter Langley, M.R.C.S., F.L.S., &c.
Offices, 50, Lincoln's-inn-fields, W.C.
A subscription list will be published in a et
days.
THE ATHLETIC SPORTS of the GENTLEMEN
CADETS of the ROYAL MILITARY COLLEGE, Sandhurst,
will take place on the 27th and 28th September, commencing at 12
CLARENDON CLUB (Liberal Conservative).—
Arrangements have been entered into for suitable temporary
accommodation, comprising all the possible requirements of a modern
club, in new and extensive premises in St. James's-street, which will
be ready for occupation by the members on the 1st November next.
Present entrance fee, £26 5s.; annual subscription, £77s. Candidates
for admission must apply, either personally or by letter, to the Secre¬
tary, at the offices, 43, Parliament-street, S.W.
HOUSE PORTER WANTED, for the City of
London Club—a middle-aged man. Apply to the Steward, at
the Club-house, 19, Old Broad-street, E.C.
WALLASEY LOCAL BOARD. — Loans of Monev.
—The Wallasey Local Board are prepared to receive TEN¬
DERS for LOANS of MONEY, on the security by way of mortgage of
the Ferries Account, and of the Ferries, Boats, Piers, and Landing-stages
connected therewith, and also (as a collateral security) of the General
District Rate, at the rate of £5 per centum per annum interest, for
periods not exceeding five years. All offers to be addressed to T.
Somerville Jones, Esq., Treasurer, Public offices, Egremont, near Bir¬
kenhead. By order. H. A. EWER, Clerk to the said Board.
Egremont, 8th Sept., 1866.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—WHITMORE and
BAYLEY have REMOVED from 35, Gresham-street, to their
new premises, St. Michael's-house, St. Michael's-alley, Cornhill. Im¬
porters of Havanna cigars only. On show from 10 to 0.
NOTICE.—In consequence of numerous mistakes and
inquiries, PETER ROBINSON begs to inform his customers and
the public that for the future his MOURNING BUSINESS will be
conducted at the premises but recently completed—viz, 256. 258, 260,
262, Regent-street, and not, as formerly, at his coloured establishmont.
Nos. 103 to 108, Oxford-street, W

MR. ARTHUR MILES begs to inform his friends
and patrons that he has REMOVED his STUDIO from 31,
Francis-street, W.C., to 6, Willow-cottages, Willow-road, Hamp¬
stead, N.W.
MR. W. SMITH begs to inform his patrons that
VISITORS will be RECEIVED as usual, by appointment, from
10 to 4, during the alterations of his house.—5, Duchess-street, Port¬
land-place, W.
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES in England and on the continent in¬
stituted with secresy and despatch by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington¬
green, London, W.
MONOGRAMS.—RODRIGUES' MONOGRAMS
and HERALDIC DEVICES, designed and engraved as gems of
art; steel dies engraved; note paper and envelopes stamped in colour
relief, and illuminated in the most elegant style; arms, crests, or mono¬
grams engraved on seals or rings.—At H. Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly, W.
MONOGRAMS. —Latest designs, without charge for
die. Five quires note and 100 envelopes stamped in best colours,
any one, two, or three initials, for 5s.; very best ditto, 6s. 6d. Specimen
sheet (for one stamp.—J. T. ROBERTS, heraldic stationer, 37, Here¬
ford-road, Bayswater,
MONOGRAMS, Arms, Crests, and Coronets:—
A preliminary Pencil Sketch, artistically designed, price 1s. 6d.;
a Monogram Die of two letters, 7s. 6d. ; three letters, 10s. 6d. Enve¬
lope stamping in the best colours, 1s. per 100. Note paper illuminated
in gold and colours. KERBY and SON, 190, Oxford-street. By ap¬
pointment to H.R.H. the Prince of Wales
MONOGRAMS and DESIGNS for NOTE PAPER.
—W. LEUCHARS begs to call attention to his original designs
for crests, monograms, &c., for note paper and envelopes, Dies en¬
graved and writing paper illuminated in the highest style of art at very
moderate prices. No charge for plain stamping. Sheets of specimen
monograms free by post.—W. Leuchars, by special appointment to
H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, 38, Piccadily, Londo.
MONOGRAM DIES, the most elegant in form.—
10,000 in stock.—Five quire paper and 100 envelopes stamped
with monogram, without charge for the die, 4s.; superior, 5s. Any
die, with monogram, crest, or address, made to order free of charge if
an order be given for a ream of the best paper and 500 envelopes,
all stamped, free for 21s. or post-office order. Monograms designed, 1s.
—T. CULLETON, engraver to Her Majesty, and diesinker to the
Board of Trade, 25, Cranbourn-Street, corner of St. Martin's-lane, W. C.
COX and SON's CATALOGUE of MONUMENTS,
tombrails, headstones, memorial brasses, &c., designed by emi¬
nent architects, with prices, just published (May, 1866), sent for six
stamps. The modern progress of ecelesiology has led to a general con¬
demnation of the barbarous taste which formerly prevailed in this re¬
spect, and to a desire for the adoption of more correct forms. The
previous edition of this catalogue was published as a contribution to¬
wards the supply of this desideratum, and, as it met with so much suc¬
cess and so many expressions of approbation, Messrs. Cox and Son
have been induced to publish this new and enlarged edition, with a
great number of new engravings. As the designs here illustrated are
executed at Messrs. Cox and Son's own workshops, they can combine
economy of production with excellency of workmanship and material.
—Cox and Son, eccleslastical warehouse and show rooms, 28 and 29,
Southampton-street, Strand: manufactory, Belvedere-road Lambeth,
