DEIGATE.—PRACTICE you enquired for is finally
DISPOSED OF, H. leaving there nearly three months since.
VINGTON—G.Y. 1—W. St. J. H. Send address
to W. G. B., of Tambo, 43, Upper Bedford-place, London.
INY PERSON who can give any account of the
fate or whereabouts of ANN OWEN, who is supposed to have
left London for Calcutta, in 1855, with a family named Coleman, are
earnestly requested to COMMUNICATE, by letter, to R. N., care of
Thos. K. Robbins, 31, Chapel-street, Edgware-road, London, N.W.
Expenses will be paid.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Stock.—Applica¬
tion having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £136 15s. Consolidated £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of JOHN WILKINSON,
of Eamont-lodge, spring-grove, Middlesex, gentleman, and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the Dividends
thereon having remained unclammed since the 5th July, 1859 ;—Notice
is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this
date (June 17, 1878) the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Divi¬
dends thereon paid, to Henry Daniel Davies, Administrator, with
the will annexed, of John Wilkinson, deceased, who has claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his claim thereto.
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand, W. C.
—The Freasurers thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT
of £5 5s. from William Jackson, Esq.—HENRY WOOLCOTT, Sec.
ROYAL NATIONAL LIFE BOAT INSTITUTION.
—The Committee beg to ACKNOWLEDGE, with thanks, the
RECEIPT of TWO GUINEAS as a thank offering for the safe return
of the ship Sobraon.—Office, 14, John-street, Adelphi, June 15.
EA-SIDE CONVALESCENT HOSPITAL, Sea¬
ford, Sussex. (Established 1860.) London office, 36, Southampton-¬
street, Strand, W. C.—The Committee ACKNOWLEDG very thank¬
fully a DONATION of FIFTY GUINEAS from the Trustees of Pri¬
sons Charities, per John Watney, Esq. By order.—H. GREEN, Sec.
OREADNOUGHT.—SEAMEN'S HOSPITAL,
Greenwich, S.E.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEPT of the following SUMS towards the £2,500 required to
enable them to defray the current expenses of the present year.—
Lady Mary Saurin, £2 annually; Messrs. Merryweather and Son,
£1 1s.—HENRY C. BURDETT, Secretary.
BRIDLINGTON CHURCH RESTORATION.—
The Committee very gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RE¬
CEIPT of £50 from an old Friend much interested in the comple¬
tion of the Restorasion of the Priory Church, Bridlington. They
are greatly encouraged by this kind gift to anticipate the completion
of a work of which they had almost despaired.
R. P. BLAKENEY, D.D., Hon. Secs.
J. HARLAND.
CRIENDLESS and FALLEN.—LONDON FEMALE
PREVENTIVE and REFORMATORY INSTITUTION.—The
Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE from Sir T. Brinckman, Bart.,
£5, and A. Brown, Esq., £9, both per Messrs. Bosanquet, Selt, and
Co., 73, Lombard-street, the Society's bankers, towards the maintenance
of the 170 inmates supported in the six Homes and Open-all-Night
Refuge, dependent on the general funds of this Institution.—
EDWARD W. THOMAS, Secretary.
LOST, either in Upper Berkeley-street, Connaught
square, or Holland-park, a PURSE, containing money and keys¬
If the finder will take it to 8, Stratford-place, Oxford-street, a RE¬
WARD will be given.
LOST, on Wednesday afternoon, June 12th, in Berke¬
ley-square, in King-street, or Covent-garden-market, a MOR¬
DANS ENGINE-TURNED GOLD PEN and PENCIL CASE, with
bloodstone head. Any one taking the same to Messrs. Burnet,
No. 91, King-street, Covent-garden, shall be liberally REWARDED.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 13th, a
GOLD SNAKE RING, with two small diamond eyes. Any one
taking the sume to 20. Hyde-park-terrace, shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in the neigh¬
bourhood of Berkeley-square, a BLACK FRENCH POODLE
DOG. Whoever will return it to 125, Mount-street, shall receive the

APURSE FOUND, near Moorgate Station. Will be
restored to owner, lesseexpenses, on full description being sent to
B. Jones, post -office, Throgmorton-street, EC.
CONSIGNEES WANTED, for three packages
merchandise, addressed S. H. Penley, London; and three tierces
lard, marked No. 49, ex the Gordon Castle from New York. Apply
to Thos. Skinner and Co., 5, hast India-avenue.
NOTICE.—The ROMAN RAILWAY COMPANY
(Locomotive and Traffic General Deparrment, Rome) hold at the
osposal of WALTER COATES, Esq., the equivalent of 50 Italian lire
—say £2 sterling—being amount overcharged him in error for tickets
ee
CHARITY COMMISSION.—In the matter of the
CHARITY of Dame ANNE BACON, land in the matter of
"The Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1869."—Notice, is hereby given,
that ORDER has beengmade by the Board of Charity Commis¬
sioners for England and Wales discharging at his own request Daniel
Stephen Edwares from being a trustee of the above-mentioned
Charity, vesting the hereditaments belonging thereto in the Official
Trustee of Charity Lands in trust for the said Charity, and Estab¬
bishing a SCHEME, appointing Trustees of the said Charity, and
providing for its future regulation and management. A copy of the
order and scheme may be inspected, iree of cost, daily, except on
Sundays, during the space of one calendar month, to be computed
from the first publication of this notice, at the Vestry Room of each
of the parishes of St. Michael Bassishaw and St. Peter le Poer, in
the City of London, between the hours of 12 noon and 4 p.m., and at
the office of the said Commissioners, Whitehall, London, S. W., be¬
tween the hours of 10 a.m. and 4 p.m.—Dated this 3rd day of May.
1878.
HENRY M. VANE, Secretary.
Notice.—Copies of the order and scheme may be obtained at the
office of the Commissioners during the above-mentioned space of one
month, at the price of 6d. geach, which may be remitted by post office
order, payable to Henry Morgan Vane, at the post-office, Charing¬
cross; or if the amount be less than 2s. 6d., in penny postage stamps.
MANAWATU LAND ORDERS.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the 30th day November, 1877, an Act was passed
by the General Assembly of New Zealand, intituled an Act to provide
for the satisfaction of certain Land Orders issued by the New Zealand
Company, and theretofore exercised in the Manawatu or Horowhenua
districts, within the aforesaid Company's settlement at Wellington.
The attention of every person claiming under any such Land Orders
as aforesaid is drawn to the provisions of the said Act next follow¬
ing, that is to say:—
Every person claiming land withi the Provincial District of Wel¬
lington under any Land Order originally issued by the New Zealand
Company, and which has been exercised in the Manawatu or Horow¬
henua Districts, must, within 12 months from the 30th November, 1877,
if he be a resident in the Colony, and within two years from suoh date
if he be resident elsewhere, give notice in writing, by himself or his
agent, to the Commissioner appointed for the District of Wellington
undergthe Ordinance of the Legisiative Council of the Islands of New
Zealand, Session 11, No. 15, for the hearing and decision of his claim
under the provisions of the said Act, and at the time of making his
application for the satisfaction of his clamn must lodge with the Com¬
missioner the origmal land order under which he claims to be entitled
to select any section of land, unless such land order shall previously
have been lodged with the Commissioner no claim can be heard and
determined until such origmal land order is lodged, or proof of the
loss given to the satisfaction of the Commissioner.
The Commissioner will report to the Governer the name of the per¬
son found to be entitled to land under any particular land order; the
particular number thereof, the fact of such land order having been
louged with him, or of his having received satisfactory proof of the
loss thereof, and the amount in value stated in such land order, such
report is to be considered and (approved by the Governor in Council,
and forthwith published in the New Zealand Gazette, with the date
of the approval attached thereto.
Notification of the Governor's approval is a sufficient warrant to the
Commissioner to issue to the persons named in such approved report
as being entined to land, scrip for the amount of money ongmaily
paid for the land order under which any such persons have been found
to be entitled, together with compensation to the amount of £1 for
every £1 sterling represented by such land order added thereto ; so
that every person found entitled shall receive £2 in value for every
20s. in value to which he shall have been found entitied, except in
cases of lost land orders, in which case proceedings must be taken
under the Lost Land Orders Act. 1861.
No scrip can be delivered by the Commissioner until the land order
in satisfaction of which such scrip is issued has been cancelled by
him.
Upon the receipt of scrip all the right, title, interest, claim, and de¬
mand of the person to whom the same is issued, and of all other per¬
sons whatsoever, to the land in respect of wnich scrip shall have been
issued is extinguished; and the issue of such scrip is, both at law and
in equity, a full and complete performance by the Crown, on behall of
the New Zealand Company, of the contract or obligation of the Com¬
pany in respect of which such scrip shall have been issued.
All scrip to be issued under the authority of the said Act is trans¬
ferable and is receivable as cash by the Receiver of Land Revenue, in or
towards the purchase of waste lands of the Crown in any part of the
provincial district of Wellington, but not elsewhere, and must be exer¬
cised within five years from the date of its issue ; claims for the exer¬
cise of scrip not made within such period of five years are barred.
The Commissioner cannot entertain or investigate any claims in
which the claimant shall not have notified his intention to have his
claim heard and decided under the provisions of the said Act within
the time limited for making such application. All claimants failing
to avail themselves of the provisions of the said Act are barred, and
their claim extinguished by reason of such default.
Claimants not resident within the Colony of New Zealand should
forthwith appoint a duly authorized agent to do and perform what¬
ever may be requisite to obtain the benefit of the said Act.—Dated
at Wellington this 4th day of January, 1878.
(Signed) DAVID LEWIS, a Commissoner for the purposes
of the above referred to Act.
OLD CHELTONIAN CRICKET MATCHES, at
Cheltennam, June 28 and 29.—All Old Cheltonians desiring to
be present at the LUNCHEON on the 28th are requested to apply at
once to the Secretary (the College, Cheltenham) for tickets, of which
only a limited numper will be issued, and without which there will be
no admission. The Annual Prize giving and Proprietors' Meeting
will be held on the afternoon of the 25th.
SHOOTING, 2,000 acres, Salmon and Trout Fishing,
near sea, to be LET, for summer months or longer. Excellent
furnished house. Anr bracing. Station near. Address M.P., Great
Western Hotel, Paddington.
NORTH WALES.—TROUT FISHING and SEA
BATHING, the best in North Wales, including board and
lodging, for three guineas per wees. Apply to T. H. C., Maelog Lake
Hotel, Ty Croes, near Holyhead.
TWENTY-TON CUTTER YACHT for SALE or
HIRE, fully found an in commission; a splendid family cruiser,
lying in Canal Basin, Gravesend. Apply to Capt. Tarner, on board,
or at 9, Albion-road, Gravesend.
STEAM LAUNCHES (Amason and Atalanta) to be
LET. Will carry 35 persons. Have every accommodation, in¬
cluding large ladies satoon, &c. Terms five guineas per day, all found.
Apply to C. and A. Burgoine, Boat Builders, Hampton-wick (South¬
Western Railway) and Kingston-on-Thames, where they may be seen.
Smaller Launches to.
Sale or Hire.
NEXT of KIN, Herrs at Law, Legatees, &c.—A
REGISTER, containing the names of all persons who have been
auvertised for to claim money and property as next of kin since 1700.
Post free 2s. 1d.—F. H. Dougal and Co., 223, Strand, W. C.
POLLAKYS PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.
Mr. Pollaky can be personally consulted daily, before 11 a.m.
and after 3 p.m.—13, Paddington-green, W.

THE RACES. RACE and OPERA GLASSES.—
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRAS.
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA'S WATCH-SIZE
BAROMETER, to foretell weather and for mountain measure¬
ments, used by Her Majesty's Government and leading scientific men.
Illustrated list fre.
WEDDING and BIRTHDAY PRESENTS.—
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRAS BAROMETERS, Opera¬
glasses, &c., of every description.
WEGRETTI and ZAMBRA, Opticians to the Queen,
British and Foreign Governments, &c. The accuracy of all in¬
struments guaranteed. Trade and shippers supplied.—Holborn Via¬
duct; 45, Cornhill, E.C.; 122, Regent-street; and Crystal Palace.
ASCOT.—Powerful Race Glasses.—ROSS'S
BINOCULARS, unsurpassed for brillancy and definition.—
Ross ann Co., 164, New Bond-street, W.
DOLLOND's celebrated FIELD GLASSES, two
and three guineas; unrivalied opera glass, £1 1s.: pocket ane¬
roid, with aititude scale, £3 10s. Cases included. Carriage free on
receipt of post-office order.—1, Ludgate-hill, London.
TINTED SPECTACLES.—The lenses possess a pe¬
culiarly soft and delicate tint. Messrs. SOLOMONS, having made
the eyc a special study, are enabled so to adapt these lenses as to give
immediate and permanent rehef to every condition of weak and de¬
fective vision.—39, Albemarle-street. W.
MONOGRAMS.—RODRIGUES' NOVELTIES in
MONOGRAMS, Crests, and Addreases. Steel dies engraved as
gems. Note paper and envelopes stamped in colour relief and artisti¬
cally illummated in gold, silver, bronze, and colours. All the new and
fashionable note papers Sept in stach.
te iccadilly.
MONOGRAMS.—PARKINS and GOTTO, Court
Stationers, ENGRAVE MONOGEAM, Crest, and Address
Dies at half the usual charges. Sketches by first-rate artists. Colour
stamping (equal to that often charged 2s.), 1s. per 100 impressions.
stationery at remarkably low prices:—
No. 74. Cream Laid Note0
480 sheets for 2s. d
No. 11a. Good Cream Laid460 sheets for 2s. 10d.
No. 12. Very Superior
480 sheets for 3s. 3d.
No. 14. Superfine Thick Cream Laid..460 sheets for 5s. 6d.
No. 10. Large-size India Note  480 sheets for 5s. 0J.
No. 92. Outsides, for scribbling

600 sheets for 4s. ed.
No. 5274. MS. or Sermon Paper, 82 by 574 , 480 sheets for 4s. 6d.
No. 59. Cream Laid Envelopes, 6d. per 100; 4s. 6d. per 1,000.
No. 60. Superior Cream Laid ditto, 9d. per 100, or 6s. per 1,000
No. 61. Thick ditto, high shouldered, 1s. per 100, or 9s. per 1,000.
Mourning note paper and envelopes at equally low prices. School
stationery of all kinds. 50 samples of paper post free. Carriage paid
to any station in England on orders over 29s.—Parkins and Gotto,
Manufacturing Stationers, 24 and 25, Oxford-street, London, W. By
spacial appointment to H.R.H. the Princess of Wales.
