CO W. W.—If you can prove facts, I leave at once—
then will see you. Write— same address.
ALPHA.—Shall be glad of an interview. Name


TO Z.— Why don't you WRITE? I fear you did not
¬
IF this should MEET the EYES of HUGH SMITH,
late of Newarthill, Scotland, N.B., he is requested to COMMU¬
NICATE with his brother.
MOUNTAIN DAISY.—So glad to hear of vou,
darling. Write, and tell the day and train you come, and I will
 you.—Yours truly and fondly ever. —W.
SNOWDROP. Faithful and true entirely. —Courage,
firmness and hope; I am trying to weather the storm. Remem¬
er all you are to me. Though very sad I trust you most thoroughly.
DEAR FRANK.—RETURN immediately. All
ha b arranged. If you delay, your mother will be dead.
e to me, I am alone.—Cousin Fred.
Want you to trust me as implicitly as I trust you.
Your own words, therefore, please me, by enjoying yourself as
much as possible. I know you will never cause me any unuecessary
anxiety.

ine leters. "Tis not always May
RAILWAY ACCIDENT.—Any PERSON who saw
an accident to a lady at the Moorgate-street Station, on the 27th
September last, at 8.30 o'clock in the evening, on the arrival there of
the train from Baker-street, is requested to COMMUNICATE with
A., post-office, Vigo-street, Regent-street.
C. H. SPURGEON thankfully ACKNOWLEDGES
theRECEPT of £1,000 from J. K., for the Stockwell
Prnhn
THE SECRETARY of the MIDDLESEX HOSPI¬

RECEIPT of a £5 CHEQUE, No. A 013507, on Messrs. Glyn, Mills,
Currie, and Co., as a "Thankoffering."
THE DIRECTORS of the BRITISH ORPHAN
ASYLUM, Slough (formerly at Clapham-rise), ACKNOW¬
LEDGE, with very sincere thanks, a munificent DONATION of
£1,000, paid by "R. W. T." to Messrs. Williams, Deacon, and Co.,
for the benefit of this old-established, unendowed, national institution,
—

THE Committee of the HOUSELESS POOR
SOCIETY, Playhouse-yard, ACKNOWLEDGE, with many
thanks, the RECEIPT of the munificent DONATION of £1,000
towards the funds of this Institution from "D. V." through Messrs.
Ransom, Bouverie, and Co.	HERBERT STODDART, Secretary.
No. 75, Old Broad-street, 19th November, 1869.
LOST, on Monday nignt, the 15th inst., between
the Waterloo Station and the Opera-house, Covent-garden, a

to the Birmingham Tube Company, 77, Cannon-street, E.C., shall re¬
ceive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LEFT, in a first class earriage of the 3,30 train from
Brighton, on Saturday, Novemper 13th, a LADYS SALLE MUFF,
lned brown satinette. A marked pockethandkerchier was in it
when lost. Any person taking the same to Messrs. Waterlow and
Sons, 24, Birchin-lane, will be rewarded.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at noon, on
Wednesday, in Regent-street, a LADYS WATCH, with Gold
Albert Chain, Keys, and Green Locket. Information to be given to
the Inspector. Little Vine-street, Piccadilly.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday
evening, the 15th, between l lackfriars and Waterloo-road, a
AGOLD WATCH, by Upjohn and Bright, having a long hair chain and
half a gold coin attached; also a gold pencil case (Butler's), with gray
onyx stone and crest engraved on top. The above amount will be
paid on recovery of the property. Apply to J. W., 55, Saint John¬

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
afternoo
seesceme
SLATE-COLOURED ISLE of SKYE TERRIER LOG, long hair,
has a pink mark on nose, and dark spot on back. Answers to the

receive the reward.
FILLS of EXCHANGE LOST.—The following
BILLS of EXCHANGE are believed to have been LOST:—
No. 652 for 8,000 franes, and No. 747 for 5,000 francs, drawn by E. A.


Mirza and M. M. Edde, of Beyrouth. Whoever will take the above


FOUND in a CAB, on November 16th, a PURSE.
The owner can obtain it by describing the contents, and paying

stationer, High-Street, Kensington.
NORTH-EAST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Whitechapel Union.—I, the undersigned Thomas
Wrake Ratcliff, attorney at-law, Auditor of the above named district,
do hereby give notice that I have appointed the AUDIT of the AC¬
COUNTS of the WHITECHAPEL UNION, and of the parishes there¬
in contained, for the half-year ended the 29th September, 1869, to com¬
mence on Friday, the 3d day of December, 1869, at 12 o'clock noon,
at the Workhouse of the said Union, when and where all persons
who by law are bound to account at such audit are required to attend,
and to submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers containing
esen

1869.
THOS. W. RATCLIFF, District Auditor.
IN Her MAJESTY'S COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To LAWRENCE CORCORAN,
of Birkenhead, in the county of Chester.—Take notice, that a CI¬

seal of Her Mayesty's Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, at
the instance of Emma Jebb, falsely called Emma Corcoran, of Birken-¬
head aforesaid, citing you ro appear in the said Court within eight
days after service thereof, then and there to answer her petition iled
in the said Court, praying that the form or ceremony of marriage had
and solemnized at the parish church of Saint Mary, Birkenhead, in
the county of Chester, on the 19th day of August, 1869, between her
the said Emma Jebb, falsely called Emma Corcoran, and you, the said

and purposes in the law whatsoever; and such citation contains an
intimation that, in default of your so appearing, the Court will proceed
to hear the said petition proved in due course of law and to pronounce
sentence therein, your absence notwithstanding. —Dated this 12th day
of November, 1864

MAKINSON and CARPENTER, Temple, Solicitors
for Petitionen.
C. E. MACLEAN, plaintif, v. PALEE RAM, de¬
fendant.—I. William Mdis, Barrister-at-Law, hereby give
aseesensenenaeests.
cature for the North-West Provinces, Allahabad, I shall EXAMINE
the several WITNESSES named therein to be produced on the part of
Charles Edward Maclean, the plaintiff in a suit now pending in the
Court of the Judge of Mirzapoor, in the East Indies, on Monday, the
19th day of December next, at 11 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Guild¬
hall Coffee-house, in the city of London, and by adjournment on and¬
at such other days and places as may then and from time to time
thereafter be appointed.—Given under my hand this 18th day of

W. MILLS.
FRANCIS KEARSEY, 35, Old Jewry, London,
aintiff's Attorney.
MOHUNT JEY RAM GIR, Plaintiff, versus

Brown, and Company), Defendant.—I, William Milis, Barrister-at¬
Law, hereby give notice, that pursuant to a Commission from the
High Court of Judicature for the North-West Provinces, Allahabad,
I shall EXAMINE the several WITNESSES mnined therein, to be pro¬
duced on the part of Charles Edward Maclean, of the firm of Messieurs.
Hamilton, Brown, and Company, Mirzapo e. the defendant in a suit
now pending in the court of the judge of Mirzapore, in the East Indies,
on Monday, the 13th day of December next, at 11 o'clock in the fore¬
noon, at the Guildhall Coffee-houre, in the city of London, and by ad¬

time to time thereafter be appointed.—Given under my hand this 18th
aee
FRANCIS KEARSEY, 35, Old Jewry, London, Defendant's
Atterney.
CHARLOTTE WILBY, deceased.—NOTICE to
LEGATEEE.—Whereas Charlotte Wilby, late of Wortham, in
Suffolk, widow, deceased (who died on the 9th day of May last), by her
will, dated the 7th of October, 1861, and proved by Thomas Hart, of
Wortham aforesaid, farmer, and William Cullingford, of Blo Norton,
in Norfolk, farmer, the trustees and executors therein named, in the

Bivision of the county of Suffolk, at Bury St. Edmund's, on the 28th

house, Garden, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, situate at
Wortham aforesaid, wherein she then resided, and all other her real

e
conversion, as therein mentioned. And the said testatrix empowered
her said trustees to stand possessed or the net moneys to arise from the

three sisters—viz., Elizabeth Lines, of Fressingheld, in Sufflolk, widow;
Maria, then or then late the wife of
Lawes (whose
place of abode was then unknow to the said testatrix), and Ann, the
wife of Gleorge Bol y. of Foundation-street, in the parish of Saint Mar¬
garet's, Ipswich, in Suffolk, equally. And the said testatrix directed
that if the said Ehizabeth Lines, Maria Lawes, and Anu Boby, or
any or either of them, should be then dead, or die before her, then


of 21 years or marry, if more than one equally; but so that the child
or childeen of the said Elizabeth Lines, Maria Lawes, and Ann Boby
should take only such share as the said Elizabeth Lines Maria Lawes,

clared that if her said sister, Mar a Lawes, should not be heard of
for the space of five years from the said testatria's death, or if
the chileren of the said Maria Lawes (if any), such children
to be entitied by operation of law to their mother's share of
testatrix's trust propesty, should not be heard of for the said
term of five years from testatrix's death, and the said

said, should fail or neglect within the peried aferesaid to apply
to testatrix's said trustees or trustee for the time being for
payment of her or their share of testatrix's trust property, then and
in any case thereinbefore preseribed, such share of said testut ix's
sister, Maria Lawes, or her children (if any), if entitied as aforesaid,

trix's trustees or trustee for the time being upon the trusts therein¬
betore declared, concerning the produce of said testatrix's real and
lersonal estate, in favour of said testatrix's other sisters, the said
Ehzabeth Lines and Ann Boby, or their children; and whereas it is
supposed that the saln Maria Lawes is now residing in the Cuited
States of Am-rica;  No ice is hereby given, that such of the above¬
named legatees as are now living, and the issue or legal representatives
of such of the abovenamed legatees as are now dead, are required to
apply at the office of Messrs. Ashurst, Morris, and Co., 6, Old Jewry,
London, solicitors, or at the offices of Mr. J. C. Brook, of Dis, in the
county of Norfolk, sulicitor, to establish their claims to the moneys to
which under the said will they may be entitied as aforesaid.—Dated
this 18th day of November, 1869.
ASHURST. NORRIS, and Co., 6, Old Jewry, London,
Agents for J. C. Brook, Solicitor, Diss, Norfolk.
CHANGE of NAME.—I, FRANCIS GUILLE¬
MARD SIMPKINSON, of No. 57, Victoria-street, Westminster.
in the county of Middlesex, Esquire, do hereby give notice, that I
intend, now and henceforth, to USE and ADOFT, for all purposes and
upon all occasions, the SURNAME of DE WESELOW (seing the
maiden name of my paternal grandmother), in addit on to and after
my present surname of Simpkinson, and that 1 shall henceforth, in all
deeds and writings whatsoever, subscribe myseif Francis Guillemard
S.mpkinson De Wesselow. In testimony whereof I have this day also
caused a deed to be eprolled in Her Majesty's Court of Chancery.—
Dated this 18th day of November, 1869.
FRANCIS GUILLEMARD SIMPKINSON.
Witness—John Ambler, 19, Bedford-row.
NEXT of KIN (new edition, just published).—A
classified and descnptive INDEX (of 20,000 names guaranteed)
to Advertisements for Next of Kin, Chancery Heirs, Legatees, &c.,
from 1700 to 1869, post free for 32 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER,
No. 17, Southampton-buildings, Chancer-lane, W.C.
THE Prince and Princess of WALES have
honoured Messrs. W. and C. BROWN and Co., of Chester, by
appointing them Silkmercers to their Royal Highnesses.
NOTICE.—Mr. C. F. HANCOCK, senior partner
of the frmof C. F. Hancock, Son, and Co., 39, Bruton-street,
corner of Bond-street, begs respectfully to inform his patrons that he
will retire from business at the end of the present year: the firm
for the future will consist of hig son, Mr. Mortimer Hancock, Mr.
Stewart, and Mr. Dorc. In consequence of the retirement of the senior
partner, the whole of the valuabie stock of DIAMONDS, Jewellery,
Plate, and Works of Art, in gold and silver, is now being SOLD at
greatly reduced prices
NOTICE.—Mr. E. HARTRY, surgeon-dentist, in
consequence of the death of his brother, has REMOVED from
No. 42, Harley-street, Cavendish-square, to 41, St. Martin's-lane, Tra¬
falgar-square, the original firm.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. FREDK. DAVIS,
importer, purchaser, and valuer of oid Sevres, Chelsea, Worcester,
Dresden, and other rare china and works of art in general, begs to in¬
form the nobility, gentry, and public that he has REMOVED from
100, New Bond-street to his new gallery, 51, Pall-mall, W. inearly op¬
posite Marlborough-house), where his valuable collection of old Sevres,
other rare porcelains, and objects of art are always on sale. N.B.—F.D.
continues to purchase rare old china and curiosities to any amount.
BLACKBORNE, in consequence of reports having
been circulated that he has retired from business, and of nume¬
rous inquiries as to the truth of the statement, feels it incumbent ppon¬
him to state that all such reports are totally without foundation,
and while thanking the nobility and gentry for extensive and distin¬
guished patronage, takes this opportunity to a sure them that their
kind commands will continue to receive his personal and most assi¬
duous attention.—35, South Audley-street, Nov., 1869.
NOTICE.—United States.—AMERICANS can have
sent to them particulars of a subject of considerable present in¬
terest by applying to John B. Day, 3, Savoy-st., Strand, London, W.C.
POLLAKYS PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES with secrecy and despatch in divorce
cases, &c., by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington-green,y
