PONTIFEX, W.—COMMUNICATE with me,
instantly, on trust matters. I must have your signature. In
strict cenfidence. — . J.
T. A., who left his business at 5,30 a.m., on Tuesday,
20th inst., is REQUESTED to RETURN, when all matters
will be arranged.
SHOULD this MEET the EYE T. G.
lately arrived from St. George, Grenada, W. I., he is requested to
CALL immediately on Mr. Pollaky, Private Inquiry Office, 13, Pad¬
dington-green.
FF RD. S L, who was in the vicinity of
Dorset-square on Wednesday, 21st inst., will SEND his ADDRESS
the will oblige a near relative. Address R. M. S., Miss Stracey's,
No. 2, Hanover-place, Park-road, Regent's-park¬
GEORGE INGLISH, who was on board H.M.S.
Tribune, at Rio Janciro, under the name of John Smith, and
was discharged at Chatham, when the Tribune was paid off on the 16th
December, 1831, will hear of something to his advantage, on APPLY¬
ING to Messrs. Barker, Bowker, and Peake, solicitors, 6, Bedford-row,

IMPORTANT NOTICE.—If the GENTLEMAN
who called on Friday, 16th August inst., at 109, Stanhope-street,
Hampstead-road, and made inquiry respecting the property of a person
who had lately died there, will CALL upon Messrs. Lever and Son, 15,
Bedford-rew, solicitors, he will confer a favour upon the relatives of
the deceased.
NEXICAN (OLD) FIVE per CENT. STOCK,
converted in 1851 into Three per Cent. Consolidated Stock.—
ers (if any) of the Old Five per Cent. Stock are requested to
SEND PARTICULARS as to date, number, and value of any BONDS
in their possession, addressed to Mr. Corfield, Messrs. Johnson,
Longden, and Co.'s, 8, Copthall-court, Bank, E.C.
ROYAL FREE HOSPITAL, Gray's-inn-road.—The
Weekly Board of this Hospital beg most gratefully to acknow¬
ledge the RECEIPT of the munificent DONATION of £100, by the
hands of John W. Larking, Esq., from His Highness the Viceroy of
Egypt, in aid of the funds of this Charity.
LOST, a COUPON for £10 of the Imperial Turkish
Guaranteed Four per Cent. Loan of 1855, No. 3249, due 1st
February, 1867 Payment has been stopped at the Bank. TWO
POUNDS REWARD will be given to any person bringing it to Henry
Ridge, Esq., 1, Warwick-road, Upper Clapton, N.
LOST, following BANK of ENGLAND NOTES:
—58352. £5; 58353, £5; 59354. £5; 58365, £5; 58356, £5—all
dated 27th May, 1867. Payment of all the above has been stopped at
the banks.
If found, apply to Messrs. Grindlay and Co., 55, Parlia¬
ment-street, London, S.W.
LOST
Fa CHEQUE, dated 13th Mayy 1867, drawn¬
by W. G. Guerrier (in favour of F. W. Jestram, of Hamburg) on
the banking firm of Messrs. Biggerstaff, London, for £514 19s. 5d.
All persons are CAUTIONED against receiving or negotiating this
cheque, payment having been stopped. Any person finding the said
cheque will be good enough to communicate with Messrs. Clans, Olde,
and Co., in Hamburg; or Messrs. Depree and Austin, solicitors,
London.
LEFT in the network of the first-class carriage,
No. 37, of the 2.25 train from the Victoria Station for Broad¬
stairs, on Saturday, the 17th instant, a TELESCOPE. Any person re¬
turning it to 84, Strand, will receive grateful thanks, or be rewarded
if required.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Wednesday,
August 14th, fram the Clapham-road, a small BLACK and TAN
TERRIER DOG, answering to the name of "Tiny. Apply to Mr.
Clements, baker, Dudley-place, Clapham-read
FIFTY POUNDS. REWARD.—MISSING, £1,400
in BANK of ENGLAND NOTES of £100 each, which were the
property of a tradesman residing at 109, Stanhope-street, Hampstead¬
road, who died 25th July last, after a short illness. Any person
bringing the above notes to Messrs. Lever and Son solicitors, 15, Bed¬
ford-row shall receive the reward. Payment has been stopped at the
Bank of England.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT in a CAB,
which took a gentleman on Monday, 12th inst., from Oakley¬
square, Chelsea, to Clifford-street, Bond-street, a small CARD BOX,
containing two gold and turquoise short watch chains, one with seal
attached, three buttons of the same, one gold and diamond wrist
link, one onyx and diamond pin. The above reward will be paid
upon delivery of the property to Mr. Squire, 1, Clifford-street, Bend¬
street, W.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—Friend-in-Need Life,
Fire, Guarantee, and Accidental Assurance Company (Limited).
—MISSING, from the office of the Empire Assurance Corporation
(Limited), 22, Gresham-street, a LARGE NARROW BOOK, almost
full of entries (between the date of 1862 and 1866), bound in white sheep
skin, and known in the office of the Company as the "white book,"
such book being the cash book of the Friend-in-Need Assurance Com¬
pany (Limited). Any person giving such INFORMATION to Mr.
Henry Threlkeld Edwards, of 9, King's Arms-yard, Moorgate-street,
London, the official liquidator of the said Friend-in-Need Company, or
to Messrs. Paterson and Sons, of No. 7, Bouverie-street, Fleet-street,
London, his solicitors, as will lead to the recovery of the said book, shall
receive the above reward.
NEXT of KIN WANTED.—The NEXT of KIN of
HANNAH STRUDWICK, widow of George Strudwick, late of
Watford, in the county of Herts, civil engineer, and whose maiden
name was Hannah Bottom, formerly of St. Neot's in the county of
Huntingdon, and afterwards of Dartford, in the county of Kent, and
who died at No. 62, Tachbrook-street, Pimlico, in the county of Mid¬
dlesex, on the 10th day of June, 1867, will HEAR of SOMETHING to
their ADVANTAGE by applying to Mr. J. M. Weightman, 2, Guild¬
hall-chambers, Basinghall-Street, London, the solicitor to the Executor
of the said Hannah Strudwick.
PURSUANT to an Order of the High Court of
Chancery in England, made in a cause "Wragg against Litch¬
field "all PERSONS claiming to be INTERESTED in or entitled to
the fund now in the Bank of England, in the name of the Accountant-¬
General of the said Court, standing to the credit of the said cause, and
epresenting a LEGACY of £500, bequeathed by the WILL of JOHN
LITCHFIELD, late of Mansfield, in the county of Nottingham, gen¬
tleman (who died on or about the 12th day of June, 1799), unto Eliza
Litchfield, the daughter of John Litchfield, late of New York, in the
United States of America, Esq., a nephew of the said testators John
Litchfield, and which said Eliza Litchfield, as it is alleged, married one
Robert Ross, of East Chester, in the United States of America, and died
in the month of February, 1799, are, by their solicitors, on or before the
6th day of November, 1867, to come in and prove their claims at the
chambers of the Master of the Rolls, situate in the Rolls-yard Chancery¬
lane, Middlesex; or, in default thereof, they will be peremptorily ex¬
cluded from the benefit of the said order. The 13th day of November,
1867, at 11 o'clock in the forenoon, at the chambers of the said Judge,
is appointed to adjudicate upon the said claims.—Dated the 9th day
of August, 1867.
ROBERT MARSHALL, Chief Clerk.
TAYLOR, HOARE, and TAYLOR, 28, Great James-street,
Bedford-row, London, Agents for Messrs. Hunt and Son,
of Nottingham, Solicitors for the Defendant, John Litch¬
field
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 4,047.—The DARING.—Whereas, a cause of
Bottomry has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of Eng¬
land, on behalf of Elias Franklin Morgan, of the United States of
America, the legal holder of a Bottomy Bond on the ship or vessel
Daring, her cargo and freight, against the said ship or vessel Daring,
her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and the cargo now or lately laden
therein, together with the freight due for the transportation thereof,
now lying in the London Docks, under arrest by virtue of a warrant,
issued from the registry of the said Court, and whereas an appearance
has been entered in the said cause on behalf of the Consignees of the
Nitrate of Soda, forming a portion of the said cargo This is to give
notice to all persons who have or claim to have any RIGHT, title, or
interest in the said VESSEL, or in that portion of the cargo, for which
no appearance has been entered, that if an appearance in the said cause
be not entered in the Registry of the said Court in respect thereof
within six days from the publication of this netice, the judge of the
said Court will order the said vessel and that portion of the said cargo
for which no appearance has been entered to be sold to answer the
claims instituted, or to be instituted against the same, or makesuch order
in the premises as to him shall seem right. —Dated the 21st day of
August, 1867.
H. C. ROTHERY Registrar.
Notice of sale of ship and part of cargo, taken out by Ellis, Parker,
and Clarke, St. Michel's-alley, Cornhill
AND REGISTRY.—No. 363.—Paradise Farm
Estate, Leysdown, Kent.—In the matter of the Act of 25th and
26th Victoria, chap. 53.—Notice is hereby given, that on the application
of THOMAS DADSON WEBB, of Maidstone, in the county of Kent,
Esquire, the Registrar intends, at the expiration of three calendar
months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible
TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS called or known as Paradise Farm
Estate, in the parish of Leysdown, in the county of Kent, containing
124s. 3r. 12p., or thereabout, in the tenure or occupation of Richard
Bigg, being situate on the south side of and bounded in part by the
public road, from Eastchurch to Sheliness, and in part adjoining the
Churchyard, and which said hereditaments are delineated an the map
No. 363, deposited in the Office of Land Registry as part of the descrin¬
tion of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, together
with the mines and minerals under the same. If any person objects to,
or desire to show cause against, such registration, or claims that the
same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any
particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved
or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the register,
such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lin¬
coln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three
months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or other¬
wise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against, or to make
such claim in respect of, such registration. But any person desiring to
make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating
the particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the
said office before the expiration of the said three months, otherwise
he will be excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map may
be inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the
said three months. —Dated this 26th, day of August, 1867.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
HUGHES, HOOKER, and BUTTANSHAW, Solicitors
to the Applicant.
LAND REGISTRY.—No.382. —Little Hevers-wood,
Brasted, Kent.—In the matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Vic¬
toria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the application of
AUGUSTUS THORNE, of Netherfield, in the county of Sussex,
Esq., the Registrar intends, at the expiration of three calendar months
from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the
HEREDITAMENTS called or known as Little Hevers-woed, in the
parish of Brasted, in the county of Kent, containing 53 acres
I rood and 31 perches, or thereabout, formerly in the occu¬
pation of William Walter Barton, but now in the occupation
of the applicant, lying within the angle made by the junction
of Piper's-lane with the Parish-road from Edenbridge to Brasted.
and delineated on the map No. 382, deposited in the Office of
Land Registry as part of the description of the same hereditaments,
and thereon edged with red, together with the mines and minerals
under the same. If any person abjects to, or desires to show cause
against, such registration, or claims that the same shouid be subject
to any conditions or reservatiens, or that any particular estate
or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already preved or admitted
before the Registrar, should be entered on the register, such person
may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn¬
fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three months, per¬
senally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by afidavit or etherwise, to
make such abjection to, or to show cause against, or to make such claim
in respect of, such registration. But any person desiring to make such
objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particu¬
lars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the said office
before the expiration of the said three months, otherwise he will be
excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map may be inspected
at the said office at any time before the expiration of the said three
months. — Dated this 26th day of August, 1867.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
HOLCROFT and KNOCHER, Solicitors to the Applicant.
CAUTION.—I, the undersigned, hereby give notice,
that all persons detected selling any imitation of my EAU de
COLOGNE will be proceeded against by law. All purchasers should
note that the label on the bottle is that of Johann Maria Farina,
Julichs Platz, No. 4. My sole agents for Great Britain and Ireland
are Wm. Fickus, jun., and Co., 23, Mark-lane, London.
JOHANN MARIA FARINA, Julichs Platz, No. 4, Cologne.
CAUTION. — Self-fitting Candles, We,
the undersigned, do hereby give notice that we have, by letters
patent, secured to ourselves the exclusive right of making candles with
tapering ends, commonly called SELF-FITTING CANDLES, now to
be obtained of every chymist, grocer, or chandler, in all sizes, and of
various qualities. The public are cautioned against imitations, and
persons infringing such patents, or being parties privy thereto, are
hereby informed that they render themselves liable to proceedings.
J. C. and J. FIELD, Upper-marsh, Lambeth, Lendon.
NOTICE.—Holborn Valley Improvements.—
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA, REMOVED from No. 1 to (tem¬
porary premises) 103, Hatton-garden.
NOTICE.—HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co.
(Limited).—Owing to numerous letters miscarrying through being
inaccurately addressed, all letters should be addressed Hancock, Bur¬
brook, and Co., Limited (now Edwin W. Streeter), 37, Conduit-street,
New Bond-street, W.
NOTICE.—Messrs. CHAMPION and Co., of the
well-known vinegar and mustard works, 115, City-road, find it
necessary to state that they have no connexion whatever with any
other firm in the City-road. Confusion and misunderstanding
existing as to the delivery of letters and orders consumers are parti¬
cularly requested to address to Champion and Co., Vinegar Works,
No. 115, City-road, E
PUBLIC NOTICE.—The Society of Arts having
awarded their silver medal and prize of 20 guineas to Messrs.
PARKINS and GOTTO, of 25, Oxford-street, for their 2s. WRITING¬
CASE (of which 500,000 have been sold), for its utility, durability, and
cheapness, the public are hereby CAUTIONED against various imita¬
tions of the same, none being genuine uniess stamped "Parkius and
Gotto," with a crown above. The Postmaster-General permits this
particular case to pass through the post for four stamps.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE OFFICE (established

onfidential, and Important INQUIRIES
conducted by JNO. LEWIS, 17 years an officer in the city of London
poll
PARIS EXHIBITION, 1867.—JOHN ARTHUR
and Co., 10, rue Castiglion.

merican
Embassies, established 38 years, REPRESENT EXHIBITORS, Bank
and exchange, house and estate agents, commission, transit agents, and
wine merchants. Information gratis,
