Will not molest you, my dearest brother (Camber¬
well). I ardently long to see you. Come or write to me. Name
your address.—Miss F.....s. 20, Burton-crescent, Brunswick-square.
FIDES (Bell).—I cannot sufficiently express my ad¬
miration of N.'s most noble conduct. A continuance of it must
ensure the happiest results. Suggest how an avoidance, for the pre¬
sent, of all discussion or negotiation with the other side. I have the
draft brief ready earlier than expected, and am going down to-day to
seeN. If possible let our arrangements for meeting and consultation
(for you should be present) be precisely the same as on the last occasion.
I will be with you at half-past 12, trusting that, wherever you may be,
you will see this in time. The proposal for S. C. was sent within an
hour of its receipt.
LOST, on the 3d of October, at the Euston-square
Station, between 10 and 11 in the morning, an OVAL YELLOW
TIN BOX, upon which were several foreign labels, but no name or ad¬
dress; the labels were "Grand Hotel, at Bonn," "Ellgut," &c. Who¬
ever will forward the same to J. M., Long View, Caroline-place, Claugh¬
ton, near Birkenhead, will be suitably REWARDED. The box con¬
tained several articles of ladies' clothing, some photographs, jewellery,
and an ivory hairbrush, with the initials J. M., on the back.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 1st

COUNTRY NOTES, £5 each. Whoever restores the same to Cook,
Son, and Co., 22, St. Paul's churchyard, shall receive the above reward.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the after¬
oon of October 3, near Garway-road, Westbourne-grove, W., a
LADY's PORTEMONNAIE, containing a diamond ring, with five dia¬
monds, and marked inside "W. M. to M. K., 1843," and some money.
Anyone bringing the same to 19, Garway-road, shall receive the above
reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD. — Believed to have been
LEFT in a HANSOM that took a lady and gentleman on Friday
evening last from the Adelphi Theatre to Hanover Cottages, Park¬
road, an OPERA-GLASS, by Callaghan, of Bond-street, with mono¬
gram engraved, in morocco case. £2 will be given to any one return¬
ing it to Marshall's library, 21, Edgware-road.
STRAYED, from 21, Southampton-street, Blooms¬
bury, a BLACK and WHITE SPANIEL, with name of George
Dunsterville on collar. Any person bringing the same to the above ad¬
dress shall be liberally REWARDED.
FOUND, on the 23d of September, a BLACK TICK
GRAYHOUND, with chain collar, now in the greenyard, Padding¬
ton. If not owned in seven days will be sold to pay expenses.—George

FOUND, on the 17th of September last, near the
Grayhound, Sydenham, a POMERANIAN MALE DOG; back
fawn colour, breast and legs white. If not owned within seven days
from this notice he will be sold to pay all expenses by the finder, F.
Betts, in the employ of Mr. Taylor, Swan-yard, Upper Norwood.
CHANGE of SURNAME.—Pursuant to the pro¬
visions of an indenture dated the 7th day of October, 1863, and
made between Thomas Smith Badger, of Lincoln's-inn, in the county
of Middlesex, Esquire, barrister-at-law, and Rosalie his wife (before
her marriage with him Rosalie Champion de Crespigny, spinster), of
the first part; Sir Claude William Champion de Crespigny, of Wiven¬
hoe Hall, in the county of Essex, Baronet, and John Ralph Ormsby
Gore, of The Mount, near Oswestry, in the county of Salop, Esquire,
M.P., of the second part; Joseph Badger and Henry Parkin Badger,
both of Rotherham, in the county of York, Esquires, and William
Hayes and Joseph Henry Dart, both of 4, New-square, Lincoln's-inn
aforesaid, Esquires, barristers-at-law, of the third part (which inden¬
ture and a certain therein-recited ante nuptial settlement dated the
18th day of August, 1856, refer and relate to lands and hereditaments
of the said Thomas Smith Badger, situate at Eastwood, in the parish
of Rotherham, in the county of York); the said THOMAS SMITH
BADGER has, from the 7th day of October, 1863, assumed and use
and he intends henceforth to ASSUME and USE the SURNAME of
EASTWOOD in addition to the surname of "Badger," and so that the
surname of
Eastwood" is and will be the last or principal surname.
DOMVILLE, LAWRENCE, and GRAHAM, Lincoln's-inn.
SPECIAL NOTICE.—The FOREIGN VINE¬
YARD ASSOCIATION (Limited).
Joint-Stock Company re¬
gistered in 1854. Offices, 190, Regent-street, W.—The Directors beg to
inform the public that Mr. T. W. STAPLETON's ENGAGEMENT as
MANAGER of this Company was CANCELLED by mutual consent
on the 1st August last. The Directors also hereby caution their friends
that the Association has noconnexion with any company or establish¬
ment. The Directors therefore request that all communications on the
affairs of this Association be addressed to W. H. PALMER, Esq.,
Manager, 190, Regent-street, W. (the only London office).
WORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Hendon Union.—I, the undersigned J. H. Mitchiner,
auditor of the above named district, do hereby give notice, that I
have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the HENDON
UNION, and of the parishes therein contained (and mentioned at the
foot of this notice), for the half-year ended the 29th day of September.
1863, to commence on Thursday, the 22d day of October inst., at 10
o'clock in the forenoon, at the Hendon Union Schools, near Edgware,
when and where all persons who by law are bound to account at such
audit are required to attend, and to submit all books, documents,
bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the accounts or to moneys
assessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the poor.—Dated the 7th
day of October, 1863.
J. H. MITCHINER, District Auditor.
Parishes comprised in the above named union:—Edgware, Great
Stanmore, Harrow-on-the-hill, Hendon, Kingsbury, Little Stanmore,
Pinner, Willesden.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—The
District Registry at Canterbury.—WILLIAM CLARKE, deceased.
—William Clarke, formerly of the parish of Ewell, in the county of
Kent, and late of the parish of River, in the same county, miller,
duly executed his will on the 21st day of February, 1829, in the pre¬
sence of Robert Sankey, of the city of Canterbury, solicitor, William
Wood, his clerk, and Frederick London, his servant. By this will the
testator gave his real and personal estate to Daniel Lawrance and
Edward Lawrance, of the parish of Barham, in the said county of
Kent, millers, upon trust for his wife, Mildred Clarke, for life, then
to testator's son, James Clarke, for life, then to his children, but if
there should be no child or no child who should attain the age of
21 years, then as ito one moiety of testator's real and personal
estate upon trust for the children of his sister Elizabeth, the wife of
James Rayner, and as to the other moiety upon trust for the children
of the said Daniel Lawrance. Testator appointed the said Daniel
Lawrance and Edward Lawrance executors. Testator died on the
13th day of March, 1837, A few months after his death a true and
attested copy of his said will was made from the original, but the latter
cannot now be found. Whoever will bring the original will or give
such information as may lead to its discovery to us, the undersigned,
will be rewarded.—October 3, 1863.
SANKEY, SON, and FLINT, Solicitors, Canterbury.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works, at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C.; and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
LIFEBOAT SERVICES.—The Committee of the
Royal National Lifeboat Institution earnestly APPEAL to the
public for ASSISTANCE to enable them to meet the continued heavy
demands on the Institution's 125 lifeboat establishments. During the
past 18 months nearly 500 shipwrecked sailors have been saved by the
Society's lifeboats. Contributions are received by all the London and
country bankers; and by the Secretary, Richard Lewis, at the Institu¬
tion, 14, John-Street, Adelphi, W.C.
BOROUGH-MARKET DISTILLERY. — Notice.
—These premises being required immediately for the Charing¬
cross Railway extension to Cannon-street, Messrs. JOSEPH and
JOHN VICKERS, and Co. respectfully inform their friends that
they have taken TEMPORARY OFFICES (through the kindness
of Mr. Spencer) at the Bridge-house Hotel, London-bridge, where
attendance will be given daily, and where all communications are
to be addressed on and after Monday, Sept. 28th.
CONTRAOT for MOULMEN TEAK TDMBER.
DEPARTMENT of the STOREKEEPER-GENERAL of the NAVY,
Somerset-place, 6th October, 1863.
THE Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord
High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Ireland do hereby give notice, that on Tuesday, the 27th instant,
at 2 o'clock, they will be ready to treat with such persons as may be
willing to CONTRACT for SUPPLYING Her Majesty's Dockyards
with 5,000 loads of MOULMEIN TEAK TIMBER, to be delivered
in the year 1864, according to a distribution which, with a form of
the tender, may be seen at the said office.
No tender will be received after 2 o'clock on the day of treaty, nor
will any be noticed unless the party attends, or an agent for him duly
authorized in writing.
Every tender must be addressed to the Secretary of the Admiralty,
and bear in the left-hand corner the words "Tender for Moulmein
Teak Timber," and must also be delivered at Somerset-place, accom¬
panied by a letter signed by two responsible persons, engaging to be¬
come bound with the person tendering, in the sum of £5,000, for the
due performance of the contract.
CROYDON LOCAL BOARD of HEALTH.—To
Dust Contractors and others.—Any person willing to CONTRACT
for the REMOVAL of the ASHES, and all other Rubbish and Refuse
(except road sand) from the houses and roads in the special district of
the town of Croydon may see the specification at the Town-hall,
between the hours of 10 and 4 o'clock. Tenders to be delivered at the
office of Mr. H. Richards, 99, High-Street, Croydon, on or before
Monday, the 19th of October instant, endorsed "Tender for Refuse."
The Board will not necessarily accept any tender.
Croydon, Oct. 2, 1863.
H. RICHARDS, Clerk.

ROARD of WORKS, Whitechapel District.—A
Meeting of this Board will be held on Monday, the 12th day of
October, 1863, at 6 o'clock in the evening, at the office of the Board,
No. 15, Great Alie-street, Whitechapel, to receive TENDERS for
PAVING the PORTION of the WHITECHAPEL-ROAD extending
from Great Garden-street to the eastern boundary of the district, in the
mode and with the materials particularized and described in the specifi¬
cation prepared by the direction of the Board, which can be inspected
in the office of Mr. Fricker, the Surveyor to the Board, between the
hours of 10 and 4 o'clock, of whom forms of tender can be obtained.
All tenders must be delivered at the office previous to the hour of
meeting, and any tender which is not upon the form prepared by the
Board, and duly signed by the person or persons tendering, will be re¬
jected. Persons tendering, or their representatives, are required to
attend the meeting of the Board. The Board do not bind themselves
to accept the lowest or any tende
ALFRED TURNER, Clerk to the Board.
No. 15, Great Alle-street, Whitechapel, October 1, 1863.
METROPOLITAN BOARD of WORKS.—Thames
Embankment, Middlesex Side.—To Builders, Contractors, and
others.—The Metropolitan Board of Works hereby give notice that
they will meet at the office of the Board, Spring-gardens, S. W., on
Friday the 27th day of November next, at 12 o'clock at noon precisely,
and will then be prepared to open TENDERS by parties who may be
willing to contract for the CONSTRUCTION, Completing, and Main¬
taining in Repair, for 12 calendar montns, the following WORKS, that
is to say:—A certain intended embankment wall, 1,970 feet in length
or thereabouts, with certain landing places, steamboat pier, sewers,
subway, storm outlets, and other works in connexion therewith, situate
in and adjacent to the foreshore of the River Thames, on the Middle¬
sex side, between Waterloo-bridge and the Eastern end of the Temple¬
gardens. Parties desiring to submit tenders may, on and after Wed¬
nesday, the 14th inst., upon payment of £10 10s., obtain plans, sections,
specifiation, form of tender, and other particulars on application to
Mr. J. W. Bazalgette, Engineer of the Board, at the office, Spring¬
gardens, between the hours of 9 a.m. and 4 p.m., or on Saturdays, be¬
tween the hours of 9 a.m. and 2 p.m., until Thursday, the 26th day of
November next, 1863. The tenders are to be addressed to the Clerk of
the Board, and must be delivered at this office before 4 o'clock on the
last mentioned day, and no tender will be received after that hour.
The parties tendering must be in attendance at the Board, at 12 o'clock
on the day appointed for opening tenders. The Board do not bind
themselves to accept the lowest or any tender, and the party whose ten¬
der shall be accepted, will be required to provide two or more approved

JOHN POLLARD, Clerk of the Board.
atins
MPORTANT SALE of COTTON MILLS and
HOUSE PROPERTY, in Belfast. Tenders to be sent in before
31st October next.—To be SOLD by Private Contract, in one lot, the
YORK-LANE COTTON SPINNING MILLS, Belfast, formerly
worked by the late Francis M'Cracken, Esq., which contain 20,000
spindles for spinning the finest cotton yarns, driven by a steam engine
of 30-horse power. Much of the machinery is of the most modern con¬
struction, having been erected within the last few years, and is all in

are situate on about three roods of ground, in one of the most populous
parts of Belfast, and there is a valuable spring of water on the pre¬
mises, which supplies 40,000 gallons per day in the summer season.

and 95, Donegall-Street, Belfast, and two small houses in Donegall¬
lane, Belfast. The houses and premises known as No. 85, 85½, 87, and
89, Donegall-street, Belfast. Seven worker's houses, situate in York-¬
lane, and George's-court, Belfast. For further particulars apply to
William Hartley, Esq., the Castle, Belfast; or Mr. Stevenson,
No. 23, Great George-street, Westminster; J. R. and T. Garrett, soli¬

PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, established 1852,
under the direction of CHARLES FREDERICK FIELD, late
chief of the detective department of Metropolitan police. Inquiries
made for noblemen, gentlemen, solicitors, railway and insurance com¬
panies. Speedy communication can be had with this office through
the wires of the London District Telegraph Company, and its 300
branches.
OPERA and LANDSCAPE GLASS, of surpassing
power and light, at half London prices. Particulars and first-¬
class testimonials free.—SALOM and Co., opticians, 98, Princes-street,
Edinburgh, direct attention to their, the only safe and perfect system
of adapting Spectacles and Eye-Glasses to the focus of each eye, which
has received the encomiums of the most eminent scientific men, in¬
cluding Sir David Brewster, Sir Philip Crampton, &c. Parties out of
Edinburgh corresponded with gratis. No branch out of Edinburgh.
OPERA, Race, and Field GLASSES, in every
variety of form and mounting, matchless for great magnifying
bower and sharnness of definition. Prices from 30s. each, at CALLA¬
GHAN's, 23A, New Bond-street, W., corner of Conduit-street. N.B.
Sole agent for the celsbrated race and field glasses made by Voigtlan¬
der, Vienna. Field glasses made expreesly for India, warranted to
withstand the greatest tropical heat. The new aluminium mounted
glasses (as made for H.R.H. the Prince of Wales), though of the
larrest size, weigh but a few ounces,
