ISABELLA has RECEIVED the NOTE, &c., and
is a little better.
INNIE.—He is dejected, but vour confidence cheers

MUSSON, who left his situation on the evening of
Friday, 3d instant, can RETURN in safety, provided the
information be will afford be complete and satisfactory.—G. F.
HO QUOD TIBI ID ALII!—Let me know how
you are, and where bound for. Hope all's well—am quite so.

Veto. X.
BANDY SENT ADVERTISEMENT to Bookseller,
on the 13th, for "The Times." By his mistake it was not put in.
Sandy hopes Craigie will call. Sandy was from home when Craigie's
note arrived.—U. M. S.
LOST, from the Old Kent-road, a GRAY PARROT,
with one dark feather in his tail. ONE POUND TEN SHIL¬
LINGS paid on his being brought to 12, Rockingham-row west, New
Kert-road.
LOST, on Wednesday afternoon, between Stagg
and Mantle's and Hampson and Russell's, Leicester-square, a
GREEN MOROCCO PURSE, with several sovereigns, an eyeglass,
and some letters—onc written in French. Whoever will bring the
same to 21, Oxendon-street, Haymarket, shall receive FIVE POUNDS
REWARD, with the loser's grateful thanks.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Tues¬
day night, either in getting in or out of a Hausom cab that took
pat 261, exford-street, and set down at corner of Sioane-street, a
LADY'S GOLD CHAIN, with charms and a half-guinea attached.
Whoever will bring the same to 261, Oxford-street, shall receive the
above reward.
FOUND, on the 4th inst., near the Brighton Rail¬
way Station, a £10 BANK of ENGLAND NOTE. Whoever has
lost the same, on giving a description of it, may receive it by paying
the expenses. Address G. M., 15, Apliffe-street, New Kent-road.
FOUND, on the 14th, in a cab, a SILK UMBRELLA.
The owner can have it on giving a description thereof, and paying
expense of advertisement, by applying to Mr. Burbey, 17, Little Tower¬
street, E.C.
METROPOLITAN POLICE OFFICE.—FOUND,
in Duke-street, Lincoln's-inn, on the 1st inst., some MONEY.
Application to be made at the Police Station, Bow-street, F Division.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £21 13s. 1d. Consolidated Three
erCent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of Sir
BROOK WILLIAM BRIDGES, of Goodnestone-park, Kent, Bart.,
and Rev. BRGOK HENRY BRIDGES, of Danbury, Essex, clerk,
deceased, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in con¬
sequence of the dividends thereon not having been received since the 5th
January, 1850 ; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of
three months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and
the Dividends thereon Paid, to Sir Brook William Bridges, Bart., the
survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
HARRIET STINSON, widow, now residing in the United States
of America.—Take notice, that a CITATION hath issued against you,
under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, bearing date the 14th
day of August, 1860, at the instance of Theresa Bennett and Sarah
Ann Davenport, citing you within 30 days after service of the said
citation, in clusive of the day of such service, to cause an appearance
to be entered for you in the said Court, and to accept or refuse letters
of administration of the persnal estate and effects of Joseph Stinson,
late of the Yorkshire-house Hotel, Philip-lane, London-wall, in the
city of London, deceased, or to show cause why the said letters of ad¬
ministration should not be granted to the said Theresa Bennett and
Sarah Ann Davenport, or one of them, as the natural and lawful sis¬
ters of the said deceased, with an intimation that in default of your
appearing, and accepting, and extracting such letters of administra¬
tion, the same would be granted to the said Theresa Bennett and Sarah

CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
COX and SONS, Solicitors, 14, Sise-lane, London.
MR. WILLIAM TEGG begs to inform his cor¬
respondents that he has RELINQUISHED the RETAIL
BUSINESS at 85, Queen-street, and that the wholesale trade will in
future be conducted at the country and foreign department, Pancras¬
lane, Queen-street, to which address all letters and parcels should be
sent.
POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTION (Limited), 309,
Regent-street.—Notice to Inventors, Patentees, Artists, Photo¬
graphers, Manufacturers, and others.—A new Company having been
formed for carrying on this Institution, and the building having been
altered, thoroughly repaired, and redecorated the Directors now give
notice that they are prepared to accept for EXHIBITION MODELS
of MACHINERY, Naval Models, Works of Art, Philosophical Appa¬
ratus, Specimens of Manufactures, &c. Exhibitors of pictures and
works of high art are informed that the fine art department will be
exclusively reserved for the exhibition of such works. Patentees and
others will have their inventions explained by competent demonstra¬
tors. The Institution will shortly be re-opened to the public, and early
application for space is requested to be made to the Managing Director,
J. S. Phene, Esq.

JNO. WYNNE, Managing Secretary.
ROYAL ACADEMY of ARTS.—It is requested
that the party who, through a mistake removed from the Royal
Academy, on Thursday, the 2d inst., the PICTURE of the Plough, by
W. C. T. Dobson, Esq., A.R.A., will immediately RETURN it to the
Royal Academy.
JOHN PRESCOTT KNIGHT, R.A., Sec.

JJERUSALEM PICTURES CLOSE To-morrow.—
Hayward and Leggatt, 79, Cornhill.
ILLE. ROSA BONHEUR's PICTURES of
scenes in Sootland, Spain, and France, are now ON VIEW at
the German Gallery, 168, New Bond-street, from 9 till 6. Admission 1s
CORREGGIO's ECCE HOMO the long sought Re¬
plica of the National Gallery PICTURE, which the most eminent
judges pronounce the finest peinting in this country, is ON VIEW,
from 10 till 9, 6d., at GARDNER's, 119, Oxford-street.
MR. HOLMAN HUNT's PICTURE of the
FINDING of the SAVIOUR in the TEMPLE, commenced
in Jerusalem in July, 1854, is now on VIEW at the German Gallery,
No. 168, New Bond-street, from 9 till 5. Admission 1s.
NOW OPEN, the ITALIAN EXHIBITION (120,
Pall-mall, Upper Room). —Exhibition of original ancient pictures
of the Italian, German, Spanish, and Flemish schools, from a private
Venetian collection. Open from 10 till 6. Admission 1s. Catalogne 6d.
VENICE, during the Carnival, is now OPEN, at
BURFORD's PANORAMA, Leicester-square, showing an elabo.
rate view of St. Mark, and the beautiful buildings abounding in the
Queen of Cities. Rogte and Switzerland are also open daily, from 10
till dusk. Admission 1s. to each view Schools and children half price,
VICTORIA CROSS GALLERY, Egyptian-hall,
Piccadilly.—OPEN daily from 10 till 7. Admission 1s. Authentic
portraits by L. W. Desanges, Esq., of the Victoria Cress Herces,
their deeds of Daring and Chivalry; many life-size Historical Pictures,
illustrating two national epochs—the Russian War and the Indian

JAS. ROWE, Sec.
—
—
SICILY, Italy, and China.-GREAT GLOBE.—
New DIORAMAS of the WARS in CHINA and in ITALY—
Sites and Scenes in India—The Campaign in Italy—Nangasaki, Japan,
Australia—A Tour up the Rhine—Lectures on Italy Savoy, Sicily, and
Syria— Model of the Earth. Open from 10 a.m. till 10 p.m. Admission
to the whole building, 1s. —Leicester-square.
THE RELIEF of LUCKNOW will RE-OPEN.—
Messrs. Hayward and Leggatt beg to announce that the EXHI¬
BITION of this GRAND HISTORICAL PICTURE which has just
closed at the west-end, will RE-OPEN, at their establishment,
on Monday, the 3d of September, previous to which the artist will
have the opportonity of introducing several authentic portraits. Lord
Olyde, since his return from India, having honoured Mr. Barker with
sittings, will enable him better to render the features and bearing of
this great and successful General, adding much to the extraordinary
interest which this picture has always created.—79, Cornhill, E.C.
ROYAL COLOSSEUM of SCIENCE, Music, and
Art, OPEN daily, from 12 to half-past 4, and from 7 to half¬
past 10. Admission to the whole of the entertainments and exhibi¬
tions, 1s. A new and original Humorous Entertainment, by Mr. Fors¬
ter, entitled "Out for the Day" with numerous songs and changes
of character, Beantiful Seriee of Dissolving Views, with vocal and other

Wonders of Modern Magic, by Mr.
Taylor. Grand Dioramas of Paris, Lisbon, and London. Swiss Cot¬
ton

tain Torrents, Conservatories and Stalactite Caverns,
&c.—Dr. BACHHOFFNER,
F.O.S., Sole Lessee and Manager.
THE MORNING VIEW of the STEREORAMA.—
This highly artistic exhibition commences daily at 12. Carriage
entrance, Cremorne, King's-road, Chelsea.
ROYAL CREMORNE GARDENS.—Admission
1s.—Daily.—The Wonders of the Cirque—The beauties of the
Exotic and Hardy Fernery—The splendour of the Ballet Stella—The
Marvels of Poletti—The attractions of the Crystal Platform—The
Lustrous Illuminations and the splendid Pyrotechnic Displays-Al
fresco Dancing from 9 o'clock, at which time the table d'hote supper,

ROYAL SURREY GARDENS, open at 3, 1s.,
daily. Sax-horn Promenade Bands—Al Fresco Amusements—
Comic and Fairy Ballet—Burman the Star Wizard—Gorgeous Fire¬
works from the Venetian Picture—Boats on the Great Lake-Dancing
on the Mammoth Platform—Band of 40 Performers. N.B. Ohlo
Minstrels every evening at 7; also Tableaux Vivants. The entrance
fee of 1s, includes every amusement. Open Sunday from 5 till 11 ; ad¬
mission by refreshment ticket. N.B. Mr. Caldwell's Bensfit is fixed
for the 27th inst., on which occasion Mile, Parepa will make her last
appearance.
ROYAL ALHAMBRA PALACE, Leicester¬
square ; Proprietor, Mr. E. T. SMITH.—Cirque Imperial.—
Unprecedented Success—Crowded Houses.—The Free List Suspended
(the public Press Excepted).—Every evening, the CHAMPION
VAULTERS of the GLOBE, Europe, Asia, Africa, and America—The
renowned artistes, the Brothers Berri, the marvellous Gymnasts—
Christoff, the Phenomenon, the most extraordinary performer on the
sue-le-corde in the world—The Tribe of Arabs of the Desert—Mr.
James Cooke, the Great English Horseman and Champion Vaulter,
the only artist who ever attempted the feat of leaping over 11 horses—
Mile. Josephine, the greatest Bare-back Equestrienne in the world—
Ml'e. Clementine, the most fascinating Scene-Act Rider in Europe—
Romeo, the wonderful Somersault Act Ricer; and Luigi, the great
Bare-back Vaulter, &c.—Olowns: Tom Matthews, the Grimaldi of the
Day; Harry Croueste, the original Queen's Jester—French Grotesques,
Mons. Oriel and H. Lupino. Morning performances Wednesdays and
Saturday, at 2, and every evening at 8 o'clock. Reduced prices:—
Gallery, 6d. ; pit, 1s; boxes, 2s.; reserved seats 2s. 6d.; stalls, 3s.;
private boxes, 10s. 6d. and 21s. Excursion parties, schools, societies,
and charitable institutions treated with on liberal terms, on applica¬
tion to Mr. Van Hare, Managing Director,
MR. RAREY, having a few weeks to spare before
returning to America, has made arrangements with Messrs.
Howes and Cushing to give his LECTURES and ILLUSTRATIONS
of subduing wild and vicious horses in conjunction with the United
States Circus, the lectures will take place afternoon and evening in
addition to the regular equestrian performances. At Chichester, THIS
DAY, August 17th; Gosport. 18th; Ryde, Isle of Wight. 20th;
Ventnor, 21st; Newport, 22d; Cowes. 23d; Portsmouth, 24th and
25th; Southampton, 27th and 28th; Salisbury, 29th; Blandford, 30th;
Dorchester, 31st; Weymonth, Sept. 1. Mr. Barey will be much
obliged to any gentleman having a vicious horse in the above neigh¬
bourheod if he will send the same to the circus for him to operate
upon. To meet the views of all classes, the prices of tickets will be pit,
1s.; boxes, 2s.; reserved seats, 5s.; children under 10 years half-price.
RE-OPENING of the NATIONAL ASSEMBLY
ROOMS, High Holborn.—The Proprietor begs to announce the
completion of the alterations decoration, &c., of the above popular
and splendidly-appointed BALL-ROOM, which (during the recess has
undergone a complete renovation) is embellished in the most elaborate
and elegant manner, including a new and beautifully painted celling
is also furnished in a novel and costly style, and is now RE-OPENED
for the season. The justly celebrated Band, conducted by Mr. W. M.
Packer will perform a selection from Wallace's Maritana, Julllen's
Last Waltz, &c. Doors open at 8 o'clock and close at 12. Admission 1s.
EXHIBITION.—The Royal Pictures.—The
SERIES of DRAWINGS in number 110, from pictures by
ancient and modern masters in the several collections of Her Majesty
and the Prince Consort, are placed for EXHIBITION, by the courtery
of Messrs. Collard, in one of their Galleries, 16, Grosvenor-street, New
Bond-street. A collection of exceeding interest and surpassing beauty.

THE Proprietor of the ROYAL ALHAMBRA
PALACE has great pleasure in announcing that he has just pur¬
chased, at an outlay of £3,000 one of the greatest lving wonders and
curionities of the age, a PERFORMING HIPPOPOTAMUS. This
amphibious animal was captured in the month of April, 1858, whilst
returning from the equstor; several of the native sallors having
espied it ensconced in the reeds, jumped into the water, and disap¬
pearing in the thick herhage soon returned, one of them however
holding it in his arms, its size being that of a spaniel, and
could not not have been, from various circumstances, more than a day
or two old. Its present keeper, Salaama, who has since christened it
"Bucheel," which in Arabic means "the fortunate," reared it from
its infancy, and tended it with the greatest care, having it likewise
under the most perfect control, and which its wonderful perform¬
ances fully tertity, exhibiting as it does at the word of com¬
mand some of the most astonishing feats. The first public ex¬
hibition will take place on Monday afternoon next, at 2, and in the
evening at 8 o'clock, as also every morning and evening at the same
hours, notwithstanding the low charge fof 6d. and upwards) to see this
extrsord inary animal. The usual grand entertainment of nearly three
hours' day and night amusement will be given in addition, consisting
of an exhibition of the following celebrated equestrian artistes, clowns,
vaulters, Arabs from the desert, flying men, and including Herr Chris¬
tophe, and Mr. James Cooke from Astley's Theatre, and the marvellous
fent by the Brothers Berri flying in the air, surpasses, as an exhibition
of daring, anything in the annals of gymnastics. Carriages can be
ordered, for the afternoon performance, at half-past 4, and that of the
evening at half-past 10 o'clock. Reserved seats, boxes, and places can
he booked during the day. The whole of next week the performances
as usual, and morning performances for children on Wednesday and
Saturday afternoons. Prices 6d., 1s., 2s., &c.
