MAWKER.—Particulars rewarded.—CALL.—
MUM.
MATURAL COVERING, Teignmouth.—Please
send a line to the club, where I shall be soon.—Yours,—
MARGIE H. to FRED.—Have heard very bad
news. Pray send to me at once. Same Commissionaire knows
to find me. They won't take your letters in at post-office.
DEAREST EDGAR.—Why did you not keep your
appointment at Charing-cross? I am distracted. A letter for you
at the General Post-office, E.C., in my initials.—Your loving one.
LIEUTENANT ROWLES, late 8th Hussars.—
REX, who advertised in The Times 11th inst., is requested to
CALL on Mr. J. Benjamin, 3, West-street, Finsbury-circus.
BRAS PIQUE.—You are a dark shadow on the
road of life. I will not touch it.—POLLAKY, 13, Paddington-¬
IF you could understand how at all times you can send
to me with complete security—every day throughout the year is
equally sure and certain—I shall then have the advantage of your ad¬
vice and counsel, and always be in unison with you. Do you remember
once waiting there for me in a cab, and how it rained that day?
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—To Parish Clerks
and others.—The above reward will be given for the CERTIFI¬
CATE of MARRIAGE of SAMUEL KERSLAKE and SARAH
KING, widow, which took place about the year 1806, 1807, or 1808, in
London, or near. Apply to E. P., post-office, Twickenham, Middlesex.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To JOHN McDONALD, late of
No. 3, Alfred-terrace, Great Grimsby, in the county of Lincoln.—Take
notice, that a CITATION, bearing tlate the 10th day of September,
1869, has issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court for Divorce and
Matrimonial Causes, at the instance of Joseph Ward, of Great
Grimsby, in the county of Lincoln, watchmaker, citing you to appear
in the said Court, and answer his petition filed in the said Court,
praying for a dissolution of his marriage with Ann Ward; and such
citation contains an intimation that, in default of your so doing, the
said Court will proceed to hear the said petition proved in due course
of law and to pronounce sentence thereon, your absence notwithstand¬
ing. —Dated this 16th day of November, 1869
aengn¬
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT
for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To ANN WARD, late of Great
Grimsby, in the county of Lincoln.—Take notice, that a CITATION,
hearing date the 10th day of September, 1869 has issued, under the
seal of Her Majesty's Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, at
the instance of Joseph Ward, of Great Grimsby, in the county of
Lincoln, watchmaker, your husband, citing you to appear in the said
Court and answer his petition, filed in the said Court, praying for a
dissolution of his marriage and such citation contains an intimation
that, in default of your so doing, the said Court will proceed to hear
the said petition proved in due course of law, and to pronounce sen¬
tence thereon your absence notwithstanding. —Dated this 13th day of
November, 1869.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
TO the NEXT of KIN of CHARLES MILBORNE
WEST, deceased.—Pursuant to an Order of the High Court of
Chancery in England, made in the matter of the estate of Charles Mil¬
borne West, late of Madras, in the East Indies, a Lieutenant in the
32d Regiment of the Madras Native Infantry, then in the service of the
Honourable East India Company, deceased, and in a cause "West v.
FitzGibbon," and dated the 20th day of January, 1869, all persons
CLAIMING to be the NEXT of KIN, according to the Statutes for
the Distribution of Intestates Estates, of CHARLES MILBORNE
WEST, late of Madras, in the East Indies, a Lieutenant in the 32d
Regiment of the Madras Native Infantry, then in the service of the
Honourable East India Company (who died at Madras, in the East
Indies aforesaid, on or about the 29th day of September, 1838), who
were living at the time of the death of the said Charles Milborne
West, or the legal personal representatives of such of them as are since
dead, are, by their solicitors, on or before the 15th day of May, 1870, to
come in and prove their claims as such next of kin or representatives
at the chambers of the Vice-Chancellor Sir William Milbourne James,
situate No. 11, New-square, Lincoln's-inn, Middlesex; or, in default
thereof, they will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the said
order. It is believed there were three children only of the said Charles
Milborne West, namely, Francis Archer West, Charles Milborne West,
the son, and William Arthur West, and that the said Francis Archer
West emigrated to America in 1859, and was last heard of in July in
the same year as the battle of Richmond. It is also believed that the
said Charles Milborne West (the son) went to Calcutta in 1859, and was
a pilot, and he was heard of in 1863, and again in 1866, and that he had
been lost at sea ; and the said William Arthur West is believed to be
now, or to have been lately, employed as a ship surgeon in vessels
trading between England and America.—Dated this 6th day of No¬
vember, 1869.
HY. LEMAN, Chief Clerk.
GURNEY and SON, 7, Furnival's-inn, London, England,
Plaintiff's Solicitors.
LEFT in a Hansom CAB, which took a gentleman
on Thursday evening to Hanover-square, a VOLUME of the
1B13. Anyone taking it to the Guards Club, Pall-mall, shall be RE¬
WARDED.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday
or Sunday, 27th or 28th, a DIAMOND STUD, set with three
diamonds and small chain and bar attached. Above reward by leaving
at 15, Tavistock-street, near Tottenham-court-road.
FOUND, gn the 25th instant, near Esher, a GOLD
BROOCH. Apply, by letter, to D., post-office, Chertsey, Surrey,
GRYPHON CLUB.—MEMBERS of the late Club,
at the time of the Bankruptcy of the Proprietor, and who
cha
ppayment of one-half of their subscriptions, are requested to
COMMUNICATE with P. Burrowes Sharkey, Clarendon-chambers,
Priccadilly.
LORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Fulham Union.—I, the undersigned J. H. Mitchiner,
Auditor of the above named district, do hereby give notice that I have
appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the FULHAM UNION,
and of the parishes therein contained, for the half-year ended the 29th
of September, 1863, to commence on Tuesday, the 14th day of Decem¬
ber, 1869, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Union Workhouse,
Fulham-fields, when and where all persons who by law are bound to
account at such audit are required to attend, and to submit all books,
documents, bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the accounts,
or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the poor.
—Dated the 29th day of November, 1869.
J. H. MITCHINER. District Auditor.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by
LAZENBY and SON,
bears the label, used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lezenby."
CAUTION.—The WANZER SEWING MACHINE
COMPANY give notice that they intend to commence proceed¬
ings against all persons selling INFRINGEMENTS on the patent
rights of their Lock-stitch Sewing Machines.—4, Great Portland-st., W.
CAUTION.—HOWARD'S PATENT EASY
CHAIRS and SOFAS. All of genuine manufacture have a label
attached, with number of patent and address of patentee, 26 and 27,
Berners-street, Oxford-street, W., and Cleveland Works.
CAUTION.—FOREIGN VINEYARD ASSOCIA¬
TION (Limited), Joint-Stock Wine Company, established 1854.—
Letters being frequently misdirected, notice is given that the only ad¬
dress is 200, Regent-st., W., and Sole Manager, W. H. PALMER, Esq.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted and registered achromatic lenses should
apply only direct to them, at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHERS QUEENS READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPE LAMPS, as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family.—The public are CAUTIONED against
interior imitations. M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-street, being
the sole inventor and manufacturer of these celebrated lamps. Draw¬
ings and prices post free. No agents
CAUTION.—JENNER and KNEWSTUB,
patentees of the ABC Despatch Box, beg respectfully to caution
the public against the deceptive and useless imitations of their ELGIN
WRITING-CASE, which is to be had only of the inventors and manu¬
facturers, Jenner and Knewstub, to the Queen, 33, St. James's-street,
and 66, Jermyn-street.
CAUTION.—NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA, manu¬
facturers to the Greenwich Observatory and the British and
foreign Gevernments, beg to acquaint their customers that they have
no travellers or agents for their OPERA or RACE GLASSES, patent
meteorological or optical instruments, which are only to be obtained at
their several establishments, 163, Hatton-garden; 59, Cornhill; 122, Re¬
gent-street; 153, Fleet-street; and Crystal Palace, Sydenham.
CAUTION.—LLOYDS EUXESIS for shaving
without soap or water.—Officers, sportsmen, travellers, and the
puplic in general are CAUTIONED to observe that the only genuine
Euxesis is that manufactured by the widow of A. S. Lloyd, and that
the depot has been removed from Glasshouse-street to 3, Spur-Street,
Leicester-square.
(Signed) A. LLOYD, widow of A. S. Lloyd.
N.B. The words "Prepared by nis Widow" are in raised letters on
op of each tube of genuine Euxesis.
CAUTION.—To Owners of Dogs.— Whereas the pro¬
prietors of the celebrated specifies, known as NALDIRES
TABLET, for washing uogs, and Naldire's Worm Powder for Dogs,
have discovered that inferior imitations of their flea-killing soap, in
particular, are belng offered to the public, together with directions for
its use similar to those registered and issued by them,—Notice is
hereby given, that the abovenamed tablet and powder are manufac¬
tured by us, the undersigned, only, and all purchasers are therefore
cautioned to see that they obtain Naldire's Tablet or Powder with our
names on the wrappers. WRIGHT and HOLDSWORTH, Sole Pro¬
prietors. N.B.—Sold by all respectable chymists.
CAUTION.—LICENSED VICTUALLERS' TEA
ASSOCIATION, carrying on business at No. 3, Mincing-lane,
and 39, Fenchurch-street, in the city of London; at Southwark-street,
Borough, in the county of Surrey; and at 6, Rue Mont Thabor, Paris.
—The Title and Trade Mark of this Association having been duly
Registered according to law, the proprietors hereby give notice, that
all persous assuming the said title, or any imitation thereof, or making
use of the said trade mark, or otherwise infringing upon the rights and
privilege of the said Association, or selling tea without authority in
the name of the said Association, or any colourable imitation thereof,
will render themselves liable to proceedings which will be forthwith
taken against any person or persons so offending. Dated this 16th 
e
LAWRENCE, HARDWICK, and Co., 157, Fenchurch-street,
ondon, Solicitors for the said Association.

NOTICE.—Monsieur ADOLPHE BEAU begs to
announce that he will be absent from London until the end of
November. His ATELIER is, as usual, CLOSED during his absence.
233, Regent-street, W., near Langham-place.
NOTICE.—Mr. C. F. HANCOCK, senior parmer
of the firm f C. F. Hancock, Son, and Co., 39, Bruton-street,
corner of Bond-street, begs respectfully to inform his patrons that he
will retire from business at the end of the present year: the firm
for the future will consist of his son, Mr. Mortimer Hancock, Mr.
Stewart, and Mr. Dore. In consequence of the retirement of the senior
partner, the whole of the valuable stock of DIAMONDS, Jewellery,
Plate, and Works of Art, in gold and silver, is now being SOLD at¬
ti e e e i e re e
NOTICE.—Messrs. D. NICOLL and Co., Merchantss
and Wholesale Clothiers, corner of Fell-Street and Monkwell¬
street, city, have to announce that they do not in any way sell goods
retail; and, except to members of the trade dealing with them, they
cannot from this date show at the above warehouse or at their factories
either putented garments or the machinery by which they are pro¬
duced. This notice is necessary owing to the wide-spread curiosity
now existing, especially with regard to the process of manufacturing
the Rug Paletot, a garment witheut a seam, produced entirely by ma¬
chinery from raw dyed wool, and through the several processes of
weaving, cutting, sewing, &c., fill it is ready for the wearer's use.
Members of the press, who have shared in the general curiosity on the
sublect, have thus reported their opinions:—
"The Rug Paletot is an ingeniously contrived and exceedingly ser¬
viceable garment."—Court Journal.
"The Rug Paletot is, without exaggeration, a marvel of cheapness
and serviceableness." — Weekly Register.
"The great novelty of the season is undoubtedly the Rug Paletot."
—Court Circular.
"The Rug Paletot, varying from half-a-guinea to a guinea, places
it within the reach of all." — Draper.
"The Rug Paletot, the most useful and economical article of clothing
ever brought under our notice." — Bell's Weekly Messenser.
"No one should be without one of Nicoll's Rug Paletots."—Illus¬
trated Sporting News.
"Anything better looking of itt kind and cheaper has never been
devised."—Observer.
"Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co. have hit upon a novelty in the way of
clothing of a very ingenious, useful, and ec.nomic character. The
fame of this firm as patentees of improved garments is well known.
The Rug Paletot is the most useful article of clothing that has ever
been brought under our notice. It is formed to fit anybody either as
a cloak or as a railway rug, and it is said that specimens may be had at
every bookstall and railway station throughout the kingdom."—Sunday
Times.
The trade mark of Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co. consists of their
name, and the smelds of arms of London and Paris on a label or
loop attached to each garment. A stock is kept by the principal
clothiers, hosiers, and drapers throughout the kingdom. Their ad¬
dresses will be forwarded on application to 6, Fell-Street, Wood¬
street, London, to which place notice of any infringement of trade
mark or patent rights may be sent. This mark should always be in¬
quired for by customers, as it is never attached to any other than
goods of first-rate qualities. All Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co.'s fashion¬
able garments thereby sustain a reputation of more than a quarter of
a century's standing, and in retiring from the retail, and adhering to
the wholesale trade, the opportunity has been enlarged for the public
to obtain Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co.'s manufactures through more
than 800 agencies.
R. REDFEARN begs to announce his RE¬
MOVAL from Albany-street to 5, Osnaburgh-terrace, Regent's¬
pan
BLACKBORNE, in consequence of reports having
been circulated that he has retired from business, and of nume¬
rous inquiries as to the truth of the statement, feels it incumbent upon
him to state that all such reports are totally without foundation,
and while thanking the nobility and gentry for extensive and distin¬
guished patronage, takes this opportunity to assure them that their
kind commands will continue to receive his personal and most assi¬
duous attention.—35, South Andley-street, Nov., 1869.
BOLLAKYS PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES with secrecy and despatch in divorce
cases, &c., by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington-green.
