CECILIA
GEORGE, take very great care of my favourite,
Adiou.—X. A.
to J.—I know all and can arrange everything,
.
Send your address at once.
TO ISABELLA.—I am in London, and wish to see
you. Call at Well-Street, Oxford-street.
TO J. S.—Have returned to England. CALL at
Vigo-street for letter.—HELEN.
G. E. to E. S.—Both, safely. Will not fail to do as

o plans made.—Yours unchangeably.
DEAREST OSWALD.—Call at the post-office
where you write, for a LETTER in your name, which will explain
all. Why did you not send me your address? How could we meet ?—
Yours as ever, CONSTANCE.
MANTED, Mrs. PURSHOUSE, neice of the late
Mrs. Elizabeth Flovey or Ross, as there is a legacy left to
her. Apply to Mr. Hugh Ross, shoemaker, Ardersier, Inverness-shire,
Scetland.
JANE GOODWIN, who was last heard of in the year
1857, living at Mrs. Southam's, Bridge-street, Banbury, Oxon, is re¬
quested to SEND her present ADDRESS to Mr. Charles Fiddey, of
No. 3, Harcourt-buildings, Temple, London. Any person supplying
proof of the death of the said Jane Goodwin, shall reseive two guineas

MATTHEW ALLAN, late of Bramham, near Tad¬
caster, in the county of York, grocer, is requested to COMMU¬
NICATE his present ADDRESS to Mr. T. L. Bickers, of Tadeaster
aferesaid, solicitor; and any person who gives such information as will
lead to his whereabouts shall be handsomely rewarded for the trouble.
.
WANTED, INFORMATION regarding a JOHN
SHAW, travelling picture or print seller, who lived in the parish
oft. Luke's, London, in 1848, has not since been heard of, and is believed
to have died about that time. He was son of a John Shaw, joiner,

J. Crump, japanner 10 Corporation-row, Clerkenwell, and, if satisfac¬
tory, a small REWARD given.
NOTICE.—If JAMES HORNE or JOHN HORNE,

Edinburgh, Scotland, and of the also now deceased Mrs. Isabella Lewis

Donaldson, 3, Buccleuch-place, Edinburgh, they will hear of something
to their advantage. If this advertisement should be noticed by any
person knowing anything of the parties, and whether they are dead ar
alive, it will be obliging if they will communicate with Geo, and Wm.
Donaldson.
ROYAL ALFRED AGED MERCHANT SEA¬
MENS INSTITUTION.—The Committee ACKNOWLEDGE,
with best thanks, a DONATION of £10 from Thomas Brassey, jun.,
Esq., M.P., in addition to his five guineas annual subscription, in aid
of the funds of this Institution.—Cowper's-court, Cornhill, E.C., June
24, 1870.
DOG (Brown Retreiver Bitch) LEFT, at the Green
Dragon Hotel, Bishopsgate-street, about 1st June, 1870. If NOT
CLAIMED within three days will be SOLD, to defray expenses.
DOG FOUND. White. Owner can have it on pay¬
ment of expenses. If not claimed within seven days will be
SOLD.—S. Mart and Co., 130, Oxford-street.
NEXT of KIN.—A classified and descriptive INDEX

Chancery Heirs, Legatees &c., from 1700 to 1869, post free for 32
stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER, 17, Southampton-buildings, Chan¬
cery-lane, London, W.C. Wills searched for.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT of PROBATE.—The

toeter en in the county of Oxford, widow.—Take notice, that a
CITATION has issued under the seal of Her Majesty's Court of Pro¬
bate, dated the 21st day of June, 1870, whereby you are cited to accept
or refuse letters of administration of the personal estate and effects of
Thomas Evans, late of Vine-street, Piccadilly, in the county of Middle
sex, police constable (who died on the 9th day of December, 1869,
intestate), late your husband, deceased, or show cause why the same
should not be granted to Richard Evans, of Steep, in the county of
Southampton, labourer, the natural and lawful brother, and one of the
next of kin of the said deceased, with an intimation that in default of
your appearance, the said letters of administration will be granted to
the said Richard Evans.
ERWARD F. JENNER, Regiserar.
FRANCIS L. SOAMES, 10, New-inn, Strand, Middlesex,

IN Her MAJESTYS COURT of PROBATE.—In
the Goods of Hannah Broderick, widow, deceased.—To the NEET
of KIN (if any) and all other persons in general having, or pre¬
tending to have, any Interest in the Estate and Effects of HANNAH
BRODERICK, late of King-street, Watford, in the county of Herts,
widow, deceased (who died on the 26th day of February, 1870, itestate).
—Take notice, that a CITATION, bearing date the 20th day of May,
1870, has issued, under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, at the
instance of Edwin Thomas Farrer, of King-street, Watford, in the

Principal Registry of the said Court of Probate, and accept or refuse
letters of administration of the personal estate of the said Hannah
Broderick, deceased, or shew cause why the same should not be
granted to the said Edwin Thomas Farrer, a creditor of the said de¬
ceased, and which citation contains an intimation that in default of
your so doing, such letters of administration will be granted to the said
Edwin Thomas Farrer. —Dated the 6th day of June, in the year 1870.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar,
WM. J. FOSTER, 6, Sonthampton-buildings, Chancery-lane,
Solicitor for the said Edwin Thomas Farrer.

METROPOLITAN COMMONS ACT, 1866.—
BLACKHEATH.—The Inclosure Commissioners for England
and Wales hereby give notice, that the DRAFT of the SCHEME
respecting Blackheath, situate in the parishes of Greenwich and
Lewisham, in the county of Kent, prepared pursuant to the pro¬
visions of the above named Act, has been referred to Nathan Wetherell,


hold a Sitting, on Thursday, the 14th day of July next, at 11 o'clock in
the forenoon, at the Alexandra Rooms, Blackheath, for the purpose of
ems¬
and inquiring into any objections or suggestions made, or to be made
during the sitting, respecting the scheme or the heath.
Witness my hand this 23d day of June, 1870.
J. R. MOORE. By order of the Board.
N.B. It is requested that any persons who claim rights over or upon
Blackheath will attend the sitting and state their claims to the Assistant
Commissioner, with a view to its being ascertained whether or not any
legal rights would be affected by the scheme.
PPLICATION for a LICENCE of the BOARD
of TRADE.—Notice is hereby given, that, in pursuance of the
23d section of the Companies Act. 1867, application has been made to

to be formed under the name of the INCORPORATED COUNCIL

with Limited Liability witheut the addition of the word "Limited" to

The objects for which the Association is proposed to be established
The preparation and publication, in a convenient form, at a mo¬
derate price, and under gratuitous professional control, of Reports of
Judicial Decisions of the Superior and Appellate Courts in England.
. 2. The issue, periodically or occasionally, of any subsidiary or other
publications relating to legal subjects which it may be considered ex¬
pedient to combins with the publication of such Reports, including
the Statutes of the Realm, or any part thereof, if deemed expedient.
3. The continuation (in furtherance of the above obyects) of the
series of Reports called "The Law Reports" (now in course of pub¬
lication by the present Council of Law Reporting), under their present
or any other name, and either in their present form and according
to the present system, or subject to any alterations of form or system
that may be considered conducive to the prometion of the above ob¬
jects, and the issue periodically or occasionally of any legal digests or
othor publications connected with the Law Reports, or subsidiary
thereto, or which may be considered likely to increase the utility
thereof: and the acquiring by purchase or otherwise, on such terms
and conditions as shall be considered expedient the copyright of any
(rival or) other publication of Law Reports which may now, or shall
hereafter, exist or be in course of publication; and the making any
agreement or arrangement for the purpose of precuring the discon¬
tinuance of such Reports, or the publishing thereef or the discon¬
tinuance of preparing Reports for any such publication by any other
persons. The taking over and assuming all the assets and liabilities of
the existing Council of Law Reporting.
4. The doing all such other lawful things as are incidental or con¬
ducive to the attainment of the above objects.
Notice is hereby further given, that any person, Company, or Corpo¬
tion objecting to this application may bring such objection before the
Board of Trade on or before the 12th day of July next, by a letter ad¬
dressed to the Assistant Secretary, Railway Department, Board of
Trade, Whitehall, London, S.W. —Dated this 23d day of June, 1870.
COOKSON, WAINEWRIGHT, and Co., 6, New-square,
Lincoln's-inn, Agents.
PARISH of ALLHALLOWS STAINING, MARK¬
LANE, in the city of Lendon.—Union of Benofices Act 23d and
24th Vic., oap. 142. —Lady Slaney's Trust Estate Act, 1869.—Notice is
hereby given, that in accordance with the provisions of the Act of
Parliament 23 and 24 Victoria, cap. 142, the remains of all persons
interred in the small or Rector's vault, situate at the south-east end of
and under the Church of Allhallows Staining, Mark-lane, in the city of
London, and the tablets or monuments erected to the memory of any
person in the said Church, will be shortly removed. The heirs, execu¬
tors, administrators, relatives, or friends of any such persons interred
have the option of REMOVING the REMAINS of such persons, under
proper direction, to any consecrated churchyard or burialground, and
also of removing such tablets or monuments to any place they may
think proper. The expenses of such removal, not exoceding £10, are
under the said Act of Parliament, to be paid by the Ecclesiastical
Commissioners out of a fund to be provided by them.
In the event of no notice being received by the undersigned Church¬
wardens, on or before the 10th day of July, 1870, from the heirs,
executors, administrators, relatives, or friends of such deceased parties
of their wish to the contrary, the remains of such persons will be care¬
fully removed from the said vault into another vault to be constructed
under another part of the said Church, or in the churehyard, under
proper superintendence. The tablets and monuments will be also care¬
fully removed to the Church of St. Olave, Hart-street, in the said city

The Churchwardens have not been able to ascertain the names of
any persons who were buried in the said Rector's vault, but it is be¬
lieved that no interments have been made in that vault for upwards of

The names of the persons to whose memory monuments or tablets
now exist in the Church (so far as the inscriptions thereon can be de¬
ciphered, and whose relations have not already communicated with
the Churchwardens), and the years in which such persons died, are

All communications are requested to be made to the Vestry Clerk, at
his office, No. 16. London-street, Fenchurch-street, London, E.C.


HENRY HUGHES, Churchwardens.
JNO. WATNEY, Jun., Vestry Clerk.
Name.

Bewley, Mary
1659.
Bewley, Thomas 1  94
1658


Newman, Abram
Davison, Jacob0 
Newman, Mary
1785

Parmher, Ann
Thoyts, Mary Susannah



Caswall. Anne0
Smyth, Alexander 0 0 0
Smyth, Mary Ann0 0 
826

Fogg, Daniel, D.D.
Fogg, Mary (and their four children and one grandchild) 1732
Fogg, Elizabeth 
Chariton, Emma 00
1622
Farewell, Eliza £5
Potter, ThomasN 

Ingram, Hugh00
1798
.
Ingram, RobertE., £. 
1816
Tancred
JordanS. S.8s.
Holland, William 
Holland, Elizabeth

anered, Susannah

Frithe, William 00
Frithe, Allce.

164.
Frithe, George0 
Frithe, Edward

—
Miller, Elizabeth (and her two children)
IN the MATTER of NICOLL v. MAURY, heard
May 26, 1870 before his Honour Vice-Chansellor James, a per¬
petual INJUNCTION was granted against the defendant, restraining
him from making or selling or causing to be made or sold, certain
garments; patented by the plaintiff, and commonly known under the
trade mark of RUG PALETOTS, and from making or selling any
colourable imitation thereof, or from using the trade mark so claimed
by the plaintiff.
"Lloyd's, London, June 16th, 1870.
"Gentlemen.—I deeply regret having caused you the trouble to de¬
fend your patent rights and to institute logal proceedings against me.
In compliance with the injunction which you have recently obtained,
my solicitors, Messrs. Plews and Irvine, of 33, Mark-lane, are instructed
to pay your costs. I have also directed an account to be prepared of
all consignments I have made to the colonies up to the date of the
injunction. These will, as speedily as possible, be furnished to you, as
well as a statement of all rug paletots that have been made by me in
contravention of your patent. Whatever dispute may arise in future
dealings, I suggest should be determined by some London or colonial
merchant to whom we may mutually agree to refer the question.
1 hope that youlwill do me the justice to believe that previous to the
commencement of litigation between us. I sincerely thought that your
patent was restricted to the exact configuration described in your speci¬
fication and drawing attached to the patent. I, tharefore, did not
imagine that theidivergence by me from the design was (as your counsel
claimed it to be) an infringement of the original principle. Such. I
now understand, consists in the formation of material into a garment,

the same garment may alternately be worn as a railway rug and as a
cloak. As other shippers may, like me, have erred in the knowledge
of what your claim really consists, and out of the consideration which
you have shown towards me on the question of damages, I have no

"I remain, yours, &c.,
S. MAURY.
"To Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co., Wholesale Clothiers and Rug
Paletot Patentees, 6. Fell-Street, Wood-street, London."
