E. is grateful and thankful, and looks onward
with faith, hope, and love.
Z, has long been anxiously awaiting a letter.
WRITE to the old address. Hope illness is not cause of delay.
F. B. accepts, with warmest THANKS, the very
generous GIFT of FOUR BANK of ENGLAND NOTES, sent
"as a token of Christian sympathy, &c."—August, 1866.
ZOUR favourite colour, SILVER GRAY.—Through
mistake two of my notes have not been put in. You cannot
tell how much it has pained me. Ch, write, write. Both your letters
tained. Same always.
PRICE (E. T. G.). — EDWARD THORETON
GOULD PRICE, son of the late William Mitchell Price and
Elizabeth, his wife, who sailed from Antwerp for Baltimore, in
the brig Emily, on 3d April, 1830, and has not since been heard of by
his family, is requested to COMMUNICATE with the undersigned, as,
in consequence of the death of a relative, he has become entitled to
some money.—Mason and Son, solicitors, 15, Bedford-row, London,
England.
MISSING, since the 10th July last, a GENTLE¬
MAN; supposed to have been drowned in the river Thames,
between Richmond and Kew. Age about 33 years, height 5 feet 5 inches,
complexion dark, eyes blue (dark), hair, beard, and moustache brown;
dress, light vest and trousers, white cotton drawers, and white shirt,
flannel waistcoat, and side spring boots; socks, shirt, and drawers
marked E. M.—FIVE POUNDS REWARD will be paid by the pro¬
prietor of the Hotel Coute, 21, Golden-square, W., to any one giving
information as will lead to the discovery of the above. Information
can also be given at the police station at Isleworth.
LOST, on the 20th, between Croydon and Red Lion¬
wharf, Upper Thames-street, a DIAMOND and OPAL BREAST
PIN. Whoever finds the same, and will bring it to Truse
Simmons', Suffolk-lane, shall receive THIRTY SHILLINGS RE¬
WARD.
LOST, a LADY's BAG (ONE POUND REWARD),
from a carriage at the Pantheon, Oxford-street, containing a
double smelling-bottle of crimson glass, with silver-gilt mountings, en¬
graved with crest (a cap of maintenance) at one end, and initials F. S.
at the other, an Indian inlaid card-case, and a handkerchief. Apply
to Mr. Blatchley, 362, Oxford-street.
TWO POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on Thursday,
the 16th, a small BLACK and TAN TERRIER, from 19, Gros¬
venor-road, Ball's-pond; ears not cut. Whoever will bring the same
to the above address shall receive the reward. No further reward will
be offered.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—STRAYED, from
Vauxhall, on the 12th of July, a WHITE DOG (with a black ey,
and ear), of the Maltese species. Answers to the name of "Rose."
Whoever will bring the same to 10, Woodfield-terrace, Harrow-road,
W., shall receive the above reward.
DOG LOST—a White Bull Terrier Bitch, with dark
spot over each eye, ears not cut, dark spot on hind quarters, has
her tail saved. Lost in Cornhill, about 2 p.m. on Thursday. A hand¬
some REWARD.—Mr. Shephard, 17, New-road, London Hospital.
DOG LOST, on Monday, the 21st inst., in the
neighbourhood of Great Titchfield-street, Marylebone—a New¬
foundland Bitch, black, with white paws and tip of tail ; had on a
leather collar, with unengraved plate. Whoever has found the same
and will bring her to Mr. Hildyard, publican, 9, Goodge-street, shall
receive ONE POUND REWARD.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a
WRITING DESK, containing a quantity of ship papers, letters,
&c., of no use to any person except the owner, from St. Katherine's¬
wharf, Lower East Smithfield, on Saturday morning, 11th August.
Whoever will bring the same to T. M. Mackay and Co., 1, Leadenhall-¬
street, London, shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, in Epsom, within the last fortnight, an
ENFIELD RIFLE. Whoever has lost the same can have it by
giving a satisfactory account and paying expenses to W. H. Miller,
.
FOUND, on Saturday last, the 18th inst., a PURSE,
in Paddington, Eastbourne-terrace. The owner can receive the
same on giving full description and paying expenses, by applying at
No. 3, Stanley-street, London-street, Paddington, between 11 and 4.
IN the Matter of JAMES SAMUEL BURSLEM, a
person of unsound mind, so found by inquisition.—Under the pro¬
visions of the Lunacy Regulation Act, 1853, any person or persons
claiming to be the HEIR or HEIRS-AT-LAW of the said JAMES
SAMUEL BURSLEM, formerly residing at Claygate, near Kingston,
in the county of Surrey, and who was for many years previous to Mid¬
summer, 1866, employed as accountant to the Phonix Gas Light and
Coke Company, at Bankside, Southwark, in the same county, but
who is now residing at Camberwell-house Lunatic Asylum, situate at
Camberwell, in the same county, or claiming to be entitled under the
statutes for the distribution of intestates' estates (in case he were now
dead intestate) to his personal estate, are, on or before the 2d day of
November, 1866, by their solicitors, to come in and prove their heirship
or kindred before the Masters in Lunacy, at their office, No. 45, Lin¬
coln's-inn-fields, in the county of Middlesex; or, in default thereof,
they will be peremptorily precluded from the benefit of all proceed¬
ings in the above matter. — Dated this 9th day of August, 1866.
FRANCIS BARLOW.
NOTICE to NEXT of KIN.—Whereas Thomas
Edmonds, late of Creed-lane, Ludgate-hill, in the city of Lon¬
don, cabinetmaker, who departed this life on the 22d day of April,
1822, by his will, dated the 18th day of March, 1822, and proved by the
executors thereof on the 15th day of May, 1822, devised all his
real estates to Joseph Savage, of Islington, in the county of
Middlesex, carpenter (since deceased), and George Capron, of
Savile-place, New Burlington-street, in the said county of
Middlesex, gentleman, upon trust, for his wife for life, and, after her
decease, upon trusts for sale and division of the proceeds "among all
and every the children of my late uncle, Charles Edmonds, of Boving¬
ton, in the county of Hertford, labourer, deceased, who shall be living
at the time of my decease, equally share and share alike, and their re¬
spective executors, administrators, and assigns;" now notice is hereby
given, that the widow of the said testater departed this life on the 11th 
day of July last, and that all persons claiming to be the CHILDREN
or other remoter ISSUE of the said CHARLES EDMONDS, or other¬
wise claiming any interest under the will of the said Thomas Edmonds,
are, on or before the 20th day of September next, to send to the said
George Capron, the surviving trustee, at the office of the undersigned,
a statement in writing of their claims, and also proof of their identity.
— Dated this 20th day of August, 1866.
CAPRON, BRABANT, CAPRON, and DALTON,
Savile-place, New Burlington-street, W.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 176.—Long Hedge Shot
Estate, Saffron Walden, Essex.—In the matter of the Act of
25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the
application of GEORGE STACEY GIBSON, of Saffron Walden, in
the county of Essex, banker, the Registrar intends, at the expiration of
three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an
indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS called or known as the
Long Hedge Shot Estate, in the parish of Saffron Walden, in the
county of Essex, containing 7a. 1r. 35p., or thereabout, in the tenures
or occupations of the Saffron Walden Railway Company, William
Hanson, and others, comprising the Saffron Walden Railway Station,
part of the Saffron Walden Railway, and a mill and fields adjoining,
lying between such railway and Borough-lane, and bounded on the
east by Long-lane and Ruses Mill, and delineated on the map No. 176,
deposited in the Office of Land Registry as part of the description of
the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with
the mines and minerals under the same. If any person objects to, or
desires to show cause against, such registration, or claims that the
same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any
particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved
or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the register,
such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34,
Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said
three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit
or otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against, or
to make such claim in respect of, such registration. But any person
desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in
writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address
thereto, in the said office, before the expiration of the said three
calendar months, otherwise he will be excluded from making the
same. The aforesaid map may be inspected at the said office at any
time before the expiration of the said three months. —Dated this 25th
day of August, 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
WM. and RD. THURGOOD. Solicitors to the Applicant.
THE SATURDAY HALF-HOLYDAY.—In com¬
pliance with a resolution adopted at a Meeting of Ladies of the
Metropolis, held at Stafford-house on the 23d July, at the invitation of
Her Grace the Duchess of Sutherland, the following ladies have agreed
to act as a Committee for Promoting the Saturday Half-Holyday
through the co operation of ladies generally:—
Her Grace the Duchess of SUTHERLAND.
The Countess of Duc de 
Countess Vane
The Countess of Shaftesbury
Lady Waterpark
The Countess Spencer
Lady Caroline Kerrison
Lady Constance Grosvenor
Lady Anson
Lady Elcho
Mrs. Cavendish Bentinck
Lady Charles Bruce
Lady Manningham Buller
¬
Mrs. Lord Lindsay.
Lady Charlotte Denison
Mrs. M Murdo
Lady Frederick Cavendish
Mrs. Richard Burgess, 
Marchioness of Londonderry
Mrs. Charles Gilpin.
Countess of Tankerville
Mrs. W. Gilson Humphry
s
Mrs. Benjamin Shaw.
Countess of Lichfield
Mrs. Thomas Chambers
Countess Dowager of Lichfield Mrs. James Hamilton.
(With power to add to their number.
Any member of the Committee will be glad to receive additional
names to the list of ladies (at present numbering 300) who undertake to
promote the movement by not shopping after 2 o'clock on Saturdays.
Communications can also be addressed to the Saturday Half-Holyday
General Committee 100, Fleet-street, E.C.
SATURDAY HALF-HOLYDAY.—Messrs. D. B.
JOHNSTONE and Co. beg to inform the public they will CLOSE
their drapery and furnishing warehouses at TWO OCLOCK on
SATURDAYS.—109, 110, 111, 112, Edgware-road, close to the Edg¬
ware-road Station on the Metropolitan Railway, and five minutes walk
from the Great Western Railway Station. —July, 1866.
MESSRS. SWAN and EDGAR beg to announce
that, in consequence of a fete at the Crystal Palace THIS
DAY the 25th inst., in connexion with the drapery trade, they will
CLOSE at 3 o'clock. Piccadilly and Regent-stree
THE OFFICES of Messrs. ALEX. F. RIDGWAY
and SONS, army, civil service, and colonial agents, have been
REMOVED from Nos. 39, 40, and 41, Leicester-square, to No. 2, Water
place, Pall-mall, S.W.
NOTICE.—In consequence of numerous mistakes and
inquiries, PETER ROBINSON begs to inform his customers and
the public that for the future his MOURNING BUSINESS will be
conducted at the premises but recently completed—viz., 256, 258, 260,
262, Regent-street, and not, as formerly, at his coloured establishment,
—
ADULTERATION.—PUBLIC NOTICE.—Act
25 and 26 Vic., cap. 38. —Several makers of cheap baking powders
have imitated the wrappers of BORWICK's ORIGINAL BAKING
POWDERS so closely that consumers have been deceived thereby, to
the injury of the reputation of Borwick's Baking Powder; this is to
give notice, that for the better protection of the public, the under¬
signed has adopted an entirely NEW TRADE LABEL (duly regis¬
tered), and to imitate which is felony,
All persons forging the labels will be prosecuted under the Act 25
s
GEORGE BORWICK.
No. 24, Chiswell-street, February, 1866.
PURE WATER.—Notice. — Mr. Simon, the medical
officer of the Privy Council, in his recent Official Memorandum
on Asiatic Cholera, points out the extreme danger of drinking water
which is in any (even the slightest) degree impure, and the Coroner for
Middlesex (Dr. Lankester) has shown that "pure water is as necessar¬
for health as good food and fresh air." The MALVERN WATER
stands pre-eminent for its purity, and the undersigned have made
arrangements with the railway companies for its supply in any quan¬
tity. Hampers of six dozen are sent carriage free.
Holy Well, Malvern, August 10, 1866.
and J. BURROW.
MONUMENTAL STUDIO and SHOW ROOMS,
opposite the Marble Arch. Monuments, Tablets, Tombs,
Memorial Crosses, &c., executed in the most durable marbles from
Carrara and Sicil
y J. CURRIE, Sculptor, 240, Oxford-street, W.
IMPERISHABLE INSCRIPTIONS in SOLID LEAD.
MONUMENTAL SCULPTURE.—The Carrara
Marble Works: established 1820.—Monuments, Tablets, Tombs
Memorial Crosses, &c.—INSCRIPTIONS rendered IMPERISHABLE
 LETTERS in SOLID LEAD. Export orders.—T. GAFFIN,
No. 63, Quadrant, Regent-street, W. Manufactory, Westminster, S.W.
MONOGRAMS.—RODRIGUES' MONOGRAMS
and HERALDIC DEVICES, designed and engraved as gems of
art; steel dies engraved; note paper and envelopes stamped in colour
relief, and illuminated in the most elegant style ; arms, crests, or mono¬
grams engraved on seals or rings.—At H. Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly, W.
MONOGRAMS—10,000 dies all ready engraved in
stock; five quire superior paper and 100 envelopes stamped for
5s., without charge for the die. No charge for engraving crest and
motto, monogram, or address die if an order be given for a ream of the
best paper and 500 envelones, all stamped free. Monograms designed,
1s, post free.—T. CULLETON, die sinker to the Board of Trade,
No. 25, Cranbourn-Street, corner of St. Martin's-lane.
WHAT is YOUR CREST and MOTTO:—Send
name and county to CULLETON's heraldic library; also 3s. 6d.
in stamps, and a plain sketch will be sent coloured sketch, 6s. ; a
handsome painting of arms, crest, and motto, 12s. ; pedigrees and
family history traced; information how to obtain a grant of arms;
the proper heraldic colours for servants liveries; also seal engraving;
crest on seal or ring, 7s. 6d. ; book plate, with arms, 21s.—T. Culleton,
s
er of St. Martin's-lane, W.C.
MERIAL CHAIR.—ILLUSTRATED PRO¬
SPECTUS on application to CHARLES POMEROY BUTTON,
Nos. 142 and 143, Cheapside, London.
ELEVATOR GUN.—ILLUSTRATED PRO¬
SPECTUS on application to CHARLES POMEROY BUTTON,
proprietor, 142 and 143, Cheapside, London.
RANTOONE.—ILLUSTRATED PROSPECTUS
on application to CHARLES POMEROY BUTTON, 142 and
143, Cheapside, London.
OUTCH BULBS, unusually fine, a choice collection
of ferns and fern cases, a large assortment of evergreens and
hardy climbing plants, in pots, gold and silver fish aquariums, &c.—
R. GREEN, 164, Kingsland-road, N.E., and the Bedford Conserva¬
tories, Covent-garden-market, W.C.
