WALTER P.— Pray WRITE forthwith to your
mother, at T. V., with address.
CYMBELINE.—Despair is portfolio. Get a last
pencil thing. Mutual much needed.
I. M.—Harry is most. kind. All wish you to
RETURN, and are very ue
t W Write at once to your only
brother-in-lak in London.—May 11th, 1865.
FIDES —G5l. 85) (0. 70) (263, 60) (98. 62 00 (146. 31)
(104. 74) (137, 11) (222. 69) (2 (99. 26) (250. 1) 112. 31) (225. 75) (252. 35)
(151, 79) (240. 12) (2 (105. 42) (8. 93) (160. 25) (44. 21) (194. 40).
INCOME-TAX (Schedule D).—All persons or firms
aggrieved by the present mode of assessing this tax and the treat¬
ment to which appellants are subjected will please to COMMUNI¬
CATE with E. Breffit, Aire and Calder Glass Bottle Company, Castle¬
ford, Normanton, or 83, Upper Thames-street, London.
ROYAL FREE HOSPITAL, Gray's-inn-road.—
The WEEKLY BOARD beg thankfully to ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEIPT of TWO SOVEREIGNS from P. E. H., found with
other money in the donation boxes at the gates of the Hospital.—
11th May, 1865,
T. GEORGE's HOSPITAL, May 10, 1865.—The
Weekly Board begs to ACKNOWLEDGE with grateful thanks
the RECEIPT of £50 in notes (Nos. 28581 to 28585 inclusive), taken
out of the alms box for contributions towards the Convalescent Fund,
for the aid of patients leaving the Hospital homeless and destitute.
By order. DAVID L. DUVAL, Secretary.
WEST LONDON HOSPITAL, Hammersmith,
W.W.—The Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the receipt
of the following sums in aid of the above Institution:—Her Royal
Highness the Duchess of Cambridge, £5 5s.; Her Reyal Highness the
Princess of Cambridge, £2 2s. ; the Right Hon. Anne Dowager
Countess of Mexborough, £5 5s.; W. Biffen, Esq., The Mall, Ham¬
mersmith, £5 5s.
JOSEPH CROOKES, Hon. Treasurer.
May 11, 1865.
W. CLARKE, 8sq., can HEAR of Miss E.
LILLYWHITE, who left England for Australia eight years ago,
with her sister, Mrs. Hall, by applying personally at J.W. Haynes', con¬
fectioner, 572, George-street, Sydney.
MR. ALFRED W. WALMSLEY, the actor, who
was perfor,
t at the Cambridge Theatre last season, will
oblige by COMMUNICATING with Mr. E. Wayman, solicitor, Cam¬
bridge.
MRS. RICH.—This lady who was the daughter of
Mrs. Whitfield, is requested to COMMUNICATE with Messrs.
Lawford and Waterhouse, of 28, Austinfriars, London, E.C., Solicitors
to the Administrator-General of Bengal, upon the subject of the resi¬
duary estate of Major-General Sir J. W. Adams, deceased.
TO the POLICE, Grocers, and others.—A YOUNG
MAN, age 16, thin and pale looking, with light hair, and about
5 feet 8 inches in height, having LEFT his SITUATION as apprentice
to a druggist and grocer, his friends are desirous of his RETURN.
Had on a dark frock coat, with brown waiscoat and trousers, water¬
proof cloth cap, and scarlet and white neck scarf. Parties as above
will be remunerated for their trouble by giving information to J.
Hannett, bookseller, Henley in Arden. If the above should reach the
eye of the young man, he is requested to communicate with his parents,
and he will not be obliged to return to his situation.
LOST, in or near Westminster Abbey, on Sunday
evening last, a HAIR BRACELET, with a gold clasp. Any one
bringing the same to the Hall Porter, 14, St. James's-square, shall be
REWARDED.
LOST, between 123, Regent-street, and the Egyptian¬
hall, Piccadilly, on the 10th inst., between the hours of 7 and 8
p.m., a small GOLD-BACK WATCH, maker's name Bienayme,
Dieppe. A REWARD will be given if taken to Hawley and Co.'s,
No. 123, Regent-street.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday,
8th May, early, between Mitcham-green and Balham Railway
Station, a HAIR BRACELET, with oval-shaped gold clasp. Who¬
ever has found the same and will take it to 150, New Bond-Street, or
to the Railway Station, Balham, shall receive the above reward.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday,
the 6th May, about 3 o'clock p.m., a YOUNG BLACK RE¬
TRIEVER DOG, with black leather collar and plain brass plate, just
named "Nelson." Followed a gentleman on horseback from Clap¬
ham-common towards Wandsworth. Whoever will bring the same to
The Shrubbery, Clapham-common, S., shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, on the 24th April, in Cheapside, a GOLD
APPENDAGE. Apply, with full description, to Mr. Brown,
No. 55, Fetter-lane, Holborn.
SILVER WATCH FOUND, on Sunday, 30th ult.
Apply to Mr. Debenham, Massingham-house, Haverstock-hill.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt of the sum of £484 15s. 6d. Reduced £3 ner
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of Reverend JAMES
DAVIES, of Braithfield-house, Hants, and which was transferred to
the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having
remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1855;—Notice is hereby given
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to the said
Reverend James Davies, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto
MEXICAN CONSULATE GENERAL, 9B, New
Broad-street, London.—Merchants and others are informed that
for alt manifests of vessels, clearances, invoices of shipments, as well
as all other documents for the Empire of Mexico which require to be
legalized according to law, they are to apply at this office for the neces¬
sary certificates between the hours of 10 and 4.
CHARLES P. SCHAEFFER, Consul-General for Mexico.
EXTRACT from the LONDON GAZETTE of May
12th, 1865.—Whitehall, 6th May, 1865.—The Queen has been
pol eased to grant unto ROBERT RICHARDSON, of Sussex-gardens,
Hyde-park, in the parish of Paddington, in the county of Middlesex,
Esquire, and of the Middle Temple, London, Barrister at Law, and
to Maria Louisa, his wife, the only child and heir expectant of Henry
Gardner, of Westbourne-terrace, Hyde-park, in the said parish of Pad¬
dington, and of Clerkenwell, in the county aforesaid, brewer, Her
Royal license and authority that they and their issue may, in com¬
pliance with the express wish and desire of the said Henry Gardner,
henceforth TAKE and USE the SURNAME of GARDNER, in addi¬
tion to and after that of Richardson. And to command that the said
Royal concession and declaration be registered in Her Majesty's College
of Arms, otherwise to be void and of none effect.
WORTH-EAST METROPOLITAN AUDIT
DISTRICT.—Parish of ST. GEORGE-IN-THE-EAST.—I, the
undersigned Thomas Wrake Ratcliff, Attorney-at-Law, anditor of the
bovenamed distaict, do hereby give notice that I have appointed the
MAUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the abovenamed parish, for the half¬
year ended the 25th day of March, 1865, to commence on Thursday, the
25th day of May, 1865, at half-past 11 o'clock in the forenoon, at the
Board room of the Workhouse of the said parish, in Charles-street, Old
Gravel-lane, when and where all persons who by law are bound to
account at such audit are required to attend, and to submit all books,
documents, bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the accounts
or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the poor.—
Dated the 10th day of May, 1865
THOS. W. RATCLIFF, District Auditor.
LOP TRADE.-SEVENTY POUNDS REWARD.
—Whereas several persons and firms have been selling inferior
English hops as a superior description of East Kent hops, and inferior
foreign hops as a superior description of Bavarian hops, and whereas
the said persons and firms have unlawfully and fraudulently applied,
or caused to be applied, to the wrappers of the said hops trade marks
which they knew to be forged, and counterfeited trade marks, or a
false description of the place where the said hops have been produced,
notice is heree e
nen at a reward of £50 will be paid to any person
giving such INFORMATION as shall lead to a conviction, under the
sectious of the Merchandise Marks Act of 1862, which declares it to be
a misdemeanour to forge a trade mark, or falsely to apply a trade
mark, whether genuine or forged, to an inferior article, or falsely to
apply a trade mark, whether genuine or forged, to any case, wrapper,
&c., in which an inferior article is intended to be sold, punishable by
the criminal courts, on indictment, with fine and imprisonment; and
notice is hereby also given, that a reward of £20 will be paid to any
person giving such information as shall lead to a conviction under the
sections of the aforsaid statute, which empower Justices of the Peace
to impose a penalty equal to the value of the article, and £5 in addi¬
tion, upon any person who shall sell, utter, or expose for sale, or for
any purpose of trade, any article with a forged trade mark, or with a
genuine trade mark used falsely and wrongfully, or with such forged
and false trade marks on the wrappers covering the same, &c., which
empower the said Justices to impose a penalty of £5 upon any person
who shall sell, utter, or expose any article upon which, to his know¬
ledge, has been put a false description of the place where it has been
produced. Apply to Mr. Anthony Carr, solicitor, 25, Rood-lane, Lon¬
don, E.C.
MERCHANDISE MARKS' ACT, 1862.—ROYAL
MANUFACTORY of PORCELAIN Meissen, Dresden,
Saxony.—Whereas certain persons are in the habit of manufac¬
turing in, and of importing into, Great Britain and Ireland, and
there selling, dealing in, or exposing for sale goods bearing a trade
mark similar to or imitative of the trade mark of the Royal Manufac¬
tory of Porcelain at Meissen, Dresden, Saxony, to the prejudice of
the said manufactory, by causing the deterioration of the genuine
articles by reason of the substitution in the market of others of in¬
ferior quaiity, and otherwise; Notice is hereby given, that the Govern¬
ment of the Kingdom of Saxony has authorized the undersigned
William Oppenheim, of 75, Newman-Street, Oxford-street, in the county
of Middlesex, importer of china and porcelain, on behalf of the said
Government, to prosecute criminally, bring actions at law, or com¬
mence proceedings in equity against all or any persons or person who
shall in any manner contravene the provisions of the Merchandise
Marks' Act, 1862, 25 and 25 Vict., cap. 88, with respect to the trade
mark of the said factory.
WM. OPPENHEIM, wholesale importer of china and porcelain
from the Royal Manufactory at Meissen, Dresden, Saxony,
No. 75, Newman-Street, Oxford-street, London, W.
Witness—Algernon E, Sydney, solicitor, 46, Finsbury-circus,

OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 185.—
Orchard-villas, Maidenhead, Berks.—In the Matter of the Act
of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the
application of GEORGE WETHERED, of Maidenhead, in the county of
Berks, coal merchant, the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry in¬
tends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the date hereof,
to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE all those HEREDITA¬
MENTS called or known as the Orchard-villas, situate on the south side
of the High-street, in Maidenhead, in the parish of Bray, in the county
of Berks, containing 2a. 2r. 15p., or thereabout, comprising several
dwelling-houses, known as Orchard-house, and Nos. 1, 2, 3, and 4,
Orchard-villas, and also land, and which said hereditamens
are party
in the tenure or occupation of John Higgs, William Hammond, Robert
Stevens, and Ellen Boyle, and partly in hand, and are delineated
on the map No. 185, deposited by the applicant in the Office of
Land Registry, as part of the description of the same, and therein
edged with red, together with the mines and minerals under the
same hereditaments. If any person objects to, or desires to
show cause against such registration, or claims that the same
should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any
particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved
or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the Register
with reference to such hereditaments, such person may be heard at
the Office of Land Registry. No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time
before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or other¬
wise, to make such objection or to show cause against, or to make such
claim in respect of such registration. But any person desiring to make
such objection or claim must, lodge the same in writing, stating the
particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the
Office of Land Registry before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from
making the same. The said map of the said hereditaments de¬
posited in the Office of Land Registry may be inspected at the said
office at any time before the expiration of the said three caiendar
months from the date hereof. —Dated this 13th day of May, 1865.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
GEORGE WETHERED, Applicant in Person.
MESSRS. HUNT and ROSKELL, having long
known that chronometers and other watches of very inferior
quality are offered for sale by auction and otherwise, marked with
their names, beg respectfully to CAUTION the public that such
watches have not been manufactured by them, and that the use of
their names is a forgery. —156, New Bond-street, April, 1865.
UDGATE-HILL RE-NUMBERED.—50 is the
number assigned by the Commissioners of Sewers to the ware¬
house of Messrs. SAMUEL, BROTHERS, merchant tailors, Ludgate¬
hill (one door from the Old Bailey)
NOTICE.—By order of the Metropolitan Board of
Works, confirmed by the Commissioners of Sewers of the city, the
houses on Ludgate-hill have been re-numbered as from the 12th ultimo,
and the house of ALFRED B. PEARCE, china and glass manufac¬
turer, is now No. 39, instead of 23.
REMOVAL.—Messrs. DARTON and HODGE,
publishers, beg to announce that their premises on Holborn-hill,
which they have held for 80 years, are immediately required for the
Holborn-valley improvement, and having been unable to procure suitable
premises in the neighbourhood, have taken No. 175, Strand (situate
between Norfolk and Surrey streets), where they will temporarily re¬
move their wholesale, retail, and export publishing business, as soon as
the necessary alterations can be effected.—58, Holborn-hill, E.C.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—In consequence of a
large increase in the business of the paper, the proprietors of the
COURT CIRCULAR beg to announce that the PUBLISHING and
ADVERTISEMENT DEPARTMENTS have been REMOVED to
more convenient and commodious offices, at No. 23, Tavistock-street,
Covent-garden.
NOTICE.—THOMAS TAPLING, BEALL, and
Co. (formerly Thomas Tapling and Co.), carpet warehousemen,
&c., have REMOVED from 44a, Gresham-street and 74, Alderman¬
bury, to their restored premises, 1 to 8, Gresham-street west, city.
TOBACCO TRADE.—Notice of Removal.—F.
LLOYD and Co., No. 5, Snowhill, will REMOVE to No. 6, Arthur¬
street west, London-bridge, on Monday, the 15th inst., their premises
being required by the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company.
