D. is requested to WRITE to C. at the old address,
answer having been received to the last three letters.
TO M. LEX.—The gentleman with whom you
corresponded during 1863 may now be communicated with at his
riginal address.—A.
ONE THOUSAND POUNDS.—The Committee of
the BRITISH HOSPITAL for DISEASES of the SKIN,
13A, Fins.
No. 56, Great Marlborough-Street, Regent-street,

RECEIPT of this noble GIFT, per Messrs. Ransom, Bouveric, and
Co., under the mitials V. S. T.
ALEX. RIVINGTON, Hon. Sec.
THE COMMITTEE of the ASSOCIATE INSTI¬
.

the PROTECTION of WOMEN, beg thankfully to ACKNOWLEDGE
esseenms
the RECEIPT of £1,000, from T. W.,
H. J. NEWMAN, Secretary.
Society's bankers.
Offices, 47. Charing-cross, S.W.
LOST, on Tuesday evening, or may have been left in
e

sase.
eemensereengee
s
LOST on Wednesday evening last, about 10 o'clock,


at the Balham Station. Any person finding her, and communicatin
e

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday


eem

FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—GOLD WATCH
besessses
country. No. 6635, by Bennett, Cheapside. Wnoever will restore it to


noon of Tuesday, the 7th inst., either in a Charing-cross omnibus
between Westbourne-grove and the Circus, Oxferd-street or while
walking from thence to Michel's, 94. Oxford-street, a LADYS GOLD

the same to Mr. Geo. Pickett, 265, Oxford-street, shall receive the above
reward.
FOUND, on the 1st June, TWO BANK of ENG¬
LAND NOTES, one for £5 the other for £10. Apply to A. B.,
Mr. Laver's, chymist, Blackheath Village, S.E.
—.
FOUND, in Hyde-park on the 8th instant, a
LEATHER PORTEMONNAIE, containing a small amount in
gold, silver, &c. May be recoverrd on description at Mr. Mitchell's

DOG FOUND.—Followed advertiser, a WHITE

and Co., 136, Oxford-street. W.
BESLEY, Mayo
ACOURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held in
the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the City of London, on
Tuesday, the 14th day of June, 1870, and in the 33d year of the reign
of Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,
Queen, &c.
Person, who, at his own request, has been discharged from the office


Arthur Nias Ackins, 18, Great Saint Helen's, late of 25, Easto
NOODTHORPE.
TO the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all other persons
tesending to have, any interest in the
in general, havin
estate and effects of WILLIAM SMITH, late of Loddiges-road, in


seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, at the instance of Nathaniel

day of May, 1866, of the said William Smith, deceased, which will has
been lost or mislaid, citing you to cause an appearance to be entered
for you in the Principal Registry of the said Court of Probate, in sup¬
port of any iterest you may have in the personal estate and effects of
the said deceased, with an intimation that, in default of your so doing,
ssa

pounded, and proved in solemn form of law, and to pronounce sentence
thereon, your absence notwithstanding.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
C. TURNER ROOM, Solicitor, 12, Bouverie-street, London.
TO AGNES, the wife of the Reverend JOHN
GORTON, of the Fort Madras, East Indies, clerk in holy orders
CHARLES ROBBINS, of Bangalore, in the East Indies and WILLIAM
EDWARD ROBBINS, late of No. 11, Terrace, Upper Clapton, in the
county of Middlesex, but now on the seas on the way to Australia.—
Take notice, that on the 10th day of June, 1870, a CITATION issued
under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, at the instance of
Catherine, the wife of Charles John Mann Curtis, of Lowest
te en e
county of Suffolk, gentleman, the only person entitled, by virtue of an
indenture of settlement, dated the 1st day of July, 1830, made between

part, to all such parts and shares of the residue of the estate and

gentleman, deceased, as the said William Mitchell might be entitled
to receive under or by virture of the will of the said John Mitchell, de¬
ceased, the said parts or shares of residue now being represepted by
the sum of £936 10s. 2d. £3 per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities,
standing in the name of Anna Robbins, late of the city of Norwich,
widow deceased, citing you, the said Agnes Gorton, Charles Robbins,
and William Edward Robbins, and the other persons therein cited, as
being together the only next of kin and the only persons enyitled in
distribution to the personal estate and effects of the said Anna Rob¬
bins, deceased, to cause an appearance to be entered for you in the
Principal Registry of the said Court, and accept or refuse letters of
administration of the personal estate and effects of the said Anna
Robbins, deceased, with aff intimation that in default of your or the
other persons therein cited so doing the Judge of the said Court of
Prebate, or the Registrars of the Principal Registry, will proceed to

said deceased, limited to the said sum of £936 10s. 2d. £3 per Cent.

EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
SHARPE, PARKERS, and PRITCHARD, Solicitors,
No. 41, Bedford-row.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all persons having an interest in the

widow, deceased.—Notice is hereby given to you, that a CITATION
has issued under Seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, citing you,
within 30 days, to cause an appearance to be entered for you in the
Principal Registry of the said Court, and accept or refuse letters of ad¬
ministration of the personal estate and effects of Marianne Eannie

deceased, who died intestate on the 7th day of January. 1868, or show
cause why the same shouid not be granted to Harvey Combe, a credi¬

saes
granted to Harvey Combe. CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
Robt, Skeet, 7, South-square, Gray's-inn, June, 1
PARISH of ALLHALLOWS STAINING, MARK¬

24th Vic., cap. 142.—Lady Slaney's Trust Estate Act, 1869.—Notice is
seaasom
Parliament 23 and 24 Victoria, cap. 142, the remains of all persons
intersed in the small or Rector's vault, situate at the south-east end of
and under the Church of Allhallows Staining, Mark-lane, in the city of
London, and the tablets or monuments erected to the memory of any
person in the said Church, will be shortly removed. The heirs, execu¬

have the option of REMOVING the REMAINS of such persons, under
proper direction, to any consecrated churchyard or burial ground, and
also of removing such tablets or monuments to any place they may
think proper. The expenses of such removal, not exceeding £10, are,
under the said Act of Parliament, to be paid by the Ecclesiastical

In the event of ne notice being received by the undersigned Church¬
wardens, on or before the 10th day of July, 1870, from the heirs
executors, administrators, relatives, or friends of such deceased parties
of their wish to the contrary, the remains of such persons will be care¬
fully removed from the said vault into another vault to be constructed
under another part of the said Church, or in the churchyard, under
proper superintendence. The tablets and monuments will be also care¬
fully removed to the Church of St. Olave, Hart-street, in the said city

The Churchwardens have not been able to ascertain the names of

any pers
re buried in the said Rector's vault, but it is be¬
lieved that no interments have been made in that vault for upwards of
50 years.
The names of the persons to whose memory monuments or tablets
now exist in the Church (so far as the inscriptions thereon can be de¬
ciphered, and whose relations have not already communicated with


All communications are requested to be made to the Vestry Cler
at his office, No. 16, London-street, Fenchurch-Street, London, E.C.
Dated this 13th day of June, 1870.
sa
HENRY HUGHES, Churchwardens.
JNO. WATNEY, Jun., Vestry Clerk.
Name.
Bewley, Mary
Bewley, Thomas0
Ray, Walter 10
Newman, Abram 0
Davison, Jacob0
Newman, Mary0
Parmher, Ann
Thoyts, Mary Susannah


Caswall, Anne0
Smyth, Alexander0
Smyth, Mary Anno
1826


Fogg, Mary (and their four shildren and one grandchild) 1732
Charlton, Emma0 0 
1622
Farewell, Eliza1655
Potter, Thomas	1732.
Ingram, Hugh1798
Ingram, Robert.
1816
MARSHALLS CHARITY, Southwark.—Notice is
hereby given, that, pursuant to the provisions of Marshall's
Charity Act, 1855, the Trustees of the Charity of John Marshall, late
of the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, gentleman, de¬
ceased, have deposited in the chambers of the Master of the Rot
in Rolls-yard, Chancery-lane, London, the TWO HALF-YEARLY
ACCOUNTS for the year 1869 of the rents, issues, and profits of the
Charity Estates received by them, and of all sums paid by them in
respect thereof during the said year, and that such accounts are in¬
tended to be vouched and passed before the Chief Clerk of the Master
of the Rolls, at his chambers, situate us aforesaid, on Tuesday, the 12th
day of July, 1870, at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. Any person is at
liberty to inspect the said accounts and to take copies thereof or ex¬
racts therefrom upon the terms mentioned in the said Marshall's
Charity Ast. 1855. The following is an abstract of the said accounts:—
RECEIPTS.
Balance in hand 1st January, 1869
Rents, dividends, interest, and rent charge received5,640 10 2

sa
Income-tax repaid by Commissioners of Inland Revenue
for two years
199 2 8
aiesr;
PAYMENTS.
o o Christchur ch 
tae nal stipend to e

Lecturer, organist, and
1x a t

nford
Exhibition Account (Southwark.



Exhibition Account (Stamford)0
ion fees
Exam


Charg.
tonn e Estate.




Surveyor's charg.

Rates and taxes
08
Property-tax allowed tenants 0 0


Repair

762 140
Incidental expenses for stationery, stamps, servants'
wages, brokers' charges, coach hire, £d.
Special repairs in consequence of damage done by fire
Grants for wew churches
i
Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty for augmentations

1,200 0 0
Balance in hand 31st December, 1869 (subject to the pay¬
ment of the costs of passing these accounts)5,241 8 9
S1es a a
EDWARD TOMPSON, Solicitor to the Trustees.
oln's-inn, 14th June. 1870.
NOTICE.—Mr. HARRY LOBB, M.R.C.S.E., &c.,
Surgeon Electrician, having given up his house at Old Steyne,
Brighton, can only be consulted at 31, Sackville-street, Piccadilly,
LOTICE of REMOVAL.—The premises of Messrs.
MURRAY and DEAN, teadealers, 71, Ludgate-hill, being re¬
quired for City improvements, the business will, after the 24th June,
be carried on at their new establishment, 41, Ludgate-hill 115 doors
higher up), under the style and title of Dean and Company.—1st Juhe,

NOTICE of RE
LOVAL.-LUND and BLOCKLEY
(late Viner), established 1804, manufacturers of Keyless Chrono¬
N
meter Watches, Patent Chimes, Machinery, &c beg to
cee

that they have REMOVED from 158, New Bond-street, to new and

at 42, Pill-mall, opposite the .

cke.
ae es ¬

th e m aned bearing their name


THE NEW VELLUM WOVE CLUB-HOUSE
NOTE.—The unprecedented success realized by the Proprietors
of this incomparable PAPER has raised up a host of worthless imita¬
tions, which are offered to the unwary under similar names. Pur¬
chasers, therefore, are cautioned and particularly requested to observe
that each sheet bears the fac-simile, watermark, "Partridge and
Cooper's Vellum Wove Club-house Paper," without which none other
is genuine.—(Signed) PARTRIDGE and COOPER, manufacturers
and sole vendors, 192, Fleet-street, E.C.
THE HYDRO-PNEUMATIC CRYSTAL FOUN¬

fine jet of water. Descriptive book, 6d. Price 3s., 5s., and 7s. Sent
packed in case 6d. extra.—G. HYETT, Hardon-house, New-cross.
