C. B. is earnestly implored to return home, or the
onsequences to himself will be most disastrous.
JE. H.—A fortnight since we parted. Have you
forgotten? Write, pray write. All will be well.—M. A. C.
—Your letter puzzles me ; it seems to imply the
course you said you could not take. Please be explicit. I will
to do as you wish, but I cannot promise positively.—Z.
MONSIGNOR 
Many roads lead to
Rome, but how to return? The way is too crooked, even for
BLLAKY.
NOW can I write ? Your language was not loving nor
kind. Can I help myself? I am unchanged, however summer or
winter may change. Wait till September, and do not risk all happiness
in such haste.
ST. MARY's HOSPITAL, Paddington, W.—The
Governors most gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of
an additional DONATION of £100, kindly presented by His Grace
the Duke of Grafton (President of the Hospital), in aid of the funds of


July 29, 1868.
S. G. WILKINSON, Sec.
—
SHOULD this advertisement be seen by ALFRED
GARDNER, formerly of London-fields, Hackney, last heard of
from Ballarat, he is requested to WRITE to Edward Gardner, 45, Pad¬
dington-street, Marylebone.
MISSING FRIENDS.—THOMAS HUDSON, of
o.

Alustralia, wishes to HEAR of HENRY HUDSON and MARY ANN
GILES. Address Thomas Hudson, post office, Shortland, Auckland,
New Zealand.
LOST, on Thursday last, supposed at Euston-square


station, or in a N.W. Railwa y on.
square or Cadogan-place, a BLUE ENAMELLE LOCKET, with

tever takes it to 63, Lowndes-square, shall re¬
ceive THREE POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, at Richmond, on Friday morning, July 24,
a SMALL SPANIEL, of the King Charles's breed; black and
tan, no white, long ears, but rather short, thin tail. Had no collar on.
Answers to the name of "Pickle." Whoever will take him to 2, Bloom.

te e Richmond, S.W., shall receive THIRTY
SHILLINGS REW.
PURSE LOST, on the 26th inst., in a CAB, or at the
Charing-cross Station—a green silk netted purse, containing
about £2. If found to be taken to the Station Master, Charing-cross,
and shall receive a REWARD
OROPPED, in Oxford-street, near the corner of
Newman-str.
taentat half-past 4 in the afternoon of Wednesday,
July 29, a BROWN LEATHER PURSE, containing between £8 and
£4 in gold and silver. Any one having found the same on taking it to
Messrs. Little's, 42. Oxford-street, shall be REWARDED.
FOUND, in one of the Metropolitan ommbuses, a
£5 NOTE. The owner can have the same by giving the number
or other evidence of ownership, and paying expenses. Apply, with
full particulars, to Mr. Churchman, Broadway, Hammersmith.
METROPOLITAN POLICE-OFFICE.—FOUND
in the possession of two prisoners, a BLACK LEATHER
BAG, containing a case of surgical instruments', maker, "Weiss,"
Strand, and various bottles in cases. Application to be made at the
police station, Bow-street.
WHEREAS, by an Order of the High Court of
Chancery, made in the matter of an Act of Parliament made
and passed in the 10th and 11th years of the reign of Her Majesty,
entitled "An Act for the Better Securing Trust Funds and for the
Relief of Trustees," and in the matter of the trusts of the will of
Joseph Robinson, deceased, the account residue, and in the matter of
the trusts of the will of Rebecca Robinson, widow, deceased, the
account legacy of £1,000, bequeathed in trust for the sons and daughters
of testatrix's deceased brothers and deceased sister named in her will,
the following inquiries were directed, that is to say; 1. An inquiry what
sons and daughters there were of Rasely Robinson, John Robinson,
Alfred Robinson, and William Robinson, and Mary Rome, the four
brothers and sister of Rebecca Robinson, the said testatrix, who were
living at the dates of the will and death of the said testatrix, or who
previously died, and whether any, and which of such sons and daughters
have since died, and if so, who are their, his, or her legal personal re¬
presentatives or representative. 2. An inquiry whether any and which
of the children of the said four brothers and sister died during the life¬
time of the said testatrix leaving issue him or her surviving, and if so,
then when such issue were respectively born, and if any of them are since
dead, when they, he, or she died, and who are their, his, or her legal per¬
sonal representatives or representative.—All persons claiming to be the
SONS or DAUGHTERS of RASELY ROBINSON, JOHN ROBIN¬
SON, ALFRED ROBINSON, and WILLIAM ROBINSON, and
MARY ROME, the four brothers and sister of Rebecoa Robinson
(late of Brunstock-cottage, Balaam-street, Plaistow, in the parish of
West Ham, in the county of Essex, widow, who died on the 25th day
of October, 1866), who were living on the 9th day of May, 1863, the
date of the will of the said Rebecca Robinson, and who were living
on the 25th day of October, 1866, the day of her death, or the legal
personal representatives or representative of such sons and daughters
as have since died, and all persons claiming to be the issue of the
children of the said four brothers and sister, who may have died
during the lifetime of the said Rebecca Robinson, and the legal per¬
sonal representatives or representative of such issue as may have since
died, are, by their sollcitors, on or before the 2d day of November, 1868,
to come in and prove their claims, at the chambers of the Vice¬
Chancellor Giffard, No. 11, New-square, Lincoln's-inn, in the county
of Middlesex, England; or, in default thereof, they will be peremp¬
torily excluded from the benefit of the said order. Monday, the 16th
day of November, 1868, at 12 o'clock at noon, at the said chambers, is
appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims. —Dated this
22d day of oe e
 HY. LEMAN, Chief Clerk.
PERSONS of the NAMES of BETHELL, Boughton,
Coates, Codrington, Cole, Collins, Comey, Corney, Cox. Crabtree,
Crayle, Davenport, Dickens, Donellan, Douglas, Duppa, Fleetwood,
Griffith, Hancorn, Harvey, Jason, Kennedy, Lestourgeon, Loder,
Massy, Mathew, Matson, Mayn, Minshull, Morell, Morgan, Morris,
Morriss, O'Hara, Phillips, Pote, Priestly, Quintin, Randal, Russell, St.
Quintin, Shepherd, Stanley, Streatfeild, Swallow, Tapner, Tatlock,
Taylor, Thrup. Wise, Woodward, and Wynn, are hereby informed that
some valuable INFORMATION concerning these families, which may
be greatly to their advantage, is now printed and published in the 22d
No. of RESEARCHES RESPECTING FAMILY HISTORY, Un¬
claimed Property, and Estates in Abeyance. Price 5s., or sent free for
62 postage stamps. Address J. H. Fennell, 49, Milbank-street, near
the Houses of Parliament, Westminster. N.B. All statements in this
work are genuine and authentic.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs-at-Law, Legatees, &c.—A
REGISTER, containing the names of all persons who have been
advertised for to claim property since 1749, post free 19 stamps.—
DOUGAL and Co., 53, Cheapside London.
NOTICE to TRADESMEN and others. —The under¬
signed, Sir John B. W. S. Gardiner, of Roche-court, near Fareham,
Hants, Bart., hereby gives public notice, that no one has any authority
to pledge his credit, nor to incur any debt or liability in his name or
on his behalf, and that he will not be responsible for the performance
of any engagement unless authorized by himself. —Dated this 18th day
of May, 186
JOHN B. W. S. GARDINER.
EDICT.—Von dem K. h. oester. Consulargerichte
in Galatz wird hiemit kundgemacht, dass in folge der von
P. MARASSI und SOHN GETREIDEHANDLER, in Galatz, uber¬
reichten Zablungseinstellungs-Anzeige und in folge des von ihm
gestellten Begehrens in die Einleitung der Vergleichsverhand¬
lung uber das sammtliche im Osmanischen Reiche sich befindliche dem
Schuldner gehbrige Vermogen gewilligt, und dass zur Leitung der
Vergleichsverhandlung Herr Josef Jacobi, als Gerichts Commissair

Die Vorladung zur Ausgleichsverhandlung und zur Anmeldung der
Fordernngen wird durch den in dem vorstehenden Edicte benannten
Gerichts-Commissair kundgemacht werden.
Galaty, 14 Juli, 1868. Vom k. k. oester, Consulate als Gericht.
TO SOLICITORS and others. —"A." conveyed and
devised land to "B.," in trust, for the use of "C.," whereby an
estate in fee simple was vested in "C." and in the heir of "C. "and
whereas MONEY is REQUIRED by the said heir to establish his
right, he will, on recovery of the said land from the executor of the
will of "B.," pay £5,000 for the loan of £1,000, or in the same propor¬
tion for sums of less amount. Tenders to be addressed John Frederick
Mortlock, Cambridge.

CAPE COLONY and NATAL.—All parties desiring
INFORMATION on any subject relative to these colonies are
requested to apply, personally or by letter, to the Cape and Natal
Newspaper-office, 29, Bow-lane, Cannon-street, E.C.
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Queen
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONLY
ADDRESS is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street. W.
CAUTION.—The Extreme Heat.—The new
10s. 6d. KEWVERIFIED MAXIMUM THERMOMETER, for
correctly registering the highest temperature, can only be had of the
makers, W. and J. Burrow, Malvern. 10s. 6d., including certificate of
accuracy from Kew Observatory. Sent on receipt of P.O.O.
CAUTION.—The CISTERN and other FILTERS,
officially adopted by Government for the Abyssinian army, the
iron-plated ships, barracks, military stores, &c., and so highly spoken
of by Dr. Frankland during the late visitation of cholera (See The
Times, Oct. 24th, 1866), can only be obtained at ATKINS',62, Fleet-st.
CAUTION.—The IBEX and SAMBRE. — W. and J.
BURROW, Malvern, are the sole makers of this unique sports¬
man's glass; made to the express instructions of the India correspond¬
ent of the Field. In leather cases for the pocket, or to sling, with best
compass complete, £3 13s. 6d. Orders for the 12th August requested
early, to prevent disappointment. Sent on receipt of P.O.O..
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacies of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted lenses should apply only direct to them at
No. 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, opposite Crawley's Hotel
CAUTION. -HOWARD's PATENT EASY CHAIRS
and SOFAS. The celebrity of these goods, which combine
lexurious comfort with perfection of workmanship, having caused in¬
ferior imitations to be offered for sale, the public are informed that all
those manufactured by us have a brass label attached, with number of
patent and address of patentees.—Howard and Sons, 26 and 27, Ber¬
ners-street, Oxford-street, W.
CAUTION.—Water Filtration.—To prevent mis¬
takes the public are informed that the latest patented filter in
general use is the DANCHELL PATENT CISTERN FILTER
(patent sealed Sept. 29, 1863), which has superseded all others (vide Pro¬
fessor Frankland's reports to the Registrar-General, July, 1866, and Nov.,
1867), insuring as it does a constant supply of the purest water without
filling or any attention whatever. Can be rented if preferred in London,
nd can only be had in London of the LONDON and GENERAL
WATER PURIFYING COMPANY, 157, Strand, four doors from
Somerseth.

CAUTION.—Ice Safes.—ASH's FILTERING
REFRIGERATORS.—Whereas, other ice safes are advertised as
fitted with filters, and such safes do not filter the pure water from the
block ice used for cooling, but allow it to run to waste as heretofore,
the Piston Freezing Machine and Ice Company find it necessary to cau¬
tion the public against imitations of this scientific invention, and beg
publicly to announce that in Ash's Patent Filtering Refrigerator alone
can the block ice be kept free from taint, and the pure water passed
into a stone filter, ice cold, and delicious for drinking. Ash's Filter¬
ing Refrigerator also effects a combination of advantages not to be
found in any other ice safe. Notice is hereby given, that an injunction
in Chancery will be obtained for any infringement of the patent
rights by the present sole proprietors, the PISTON FREEZING
MACHINE and ICE COMPANY, 315e, Oxford-street, Lond
CAUTION. — SCHWEITZER's COCOATINA.—
Whereas Edward Hunter Atkins and Otto Schweitzer, carrying
on business under the firm of Otto Schweitzer, Atkins, and Co., have
lately offered for sale a preparation called "Cacaotine," or
"Cacaoine," packed in cases of a similar description to those used by
us, and have otherwise attempted to induce the public to purchase an
inferior article instead of our cocoatina; Notice is hereby given that.
in a suit instituted by us in the Court of Chancery Vice-Chancellor
Sir Richard Malins has granted an INJUNCTION, restraining the
said Edward Hunter Atkins and Otto Schweitzer, their servants,
agents, and workmen, from selling, or offering for sale, or causing or
procuring to be sold or offered for sale, any preparation of cocoa or
other article under the name of cocoatina, or Schweitzer's cocoatina,
or under any name or description similar to, or only colourably differ¬
ing from the name or description of "Cocoatina," or "Schweitzer's
Cocoatina," and from using or employing, or causing or permitting to
be used or employed, any label, notice, or placard centaining the name
or words "Cocoatina" or "Schweitzer's Cocoatina," or any name or
words similar thereto, or only colourably differing therefrom, as ap¬
plicable to any preparation or article of manufacture other than oor
manufacture; and all persons are hereby cautioned against selling, or
offering for sale, or purchasing any preparation of cocoa or other
article (not being our manufacture) under the name of cocoatina, or
under any name similar thereto. —Dated this 20th day of July, 1868.
H. SCHWEITZER and Co., 35a, King's-road, St. Pancras,
and 10, Adam-street. Adelphi, Sole Manufacturers.
MISREPRESENTATION.—The TEN GUINEA
SUITES, in 18 carat gold, machine made, as advertised, are oniy
be procured at 37, Conduit-street, Bond-street. Mr. STREETER
finds it necessary to make this announcement, as sets of ornaments,
stated to be of his manufacture and of 18 carat gold, are now being
offered to the public, whereas, they are in reality of a much inferior
quality. Purchasers, especially in the provinces, are therefore cau¬
tioned to have the quality of the gold stated on their invoice.—
HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co. (now Edwin W. Streeter), 37, Con¬
duit-street, five doors from Bond-street.
NOTICE.—To Photographic Artists, Printsellers,
and Publishers.—The AUTOTYPE PRINTING and PUB¬
LISHING COMPANY (Limited) hereby give notice, that they are the
sole possessors of the patent granted to Mr. Swan for producing pho¬
tographs in carbon and other permanent pigments, and that appli¬
cations for licenses for the use of the process, or for vending pic¬
tures produced by the process, should be addressed to them, at their
temporary offices, 5, Haymarket, London.
NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs respectfully to inform her customers and ladies of the nobi¬
lity her establishment will in future be CLOSED at 5 o'clock on Satur¬
days.—92, Regent-street.
MESSRS. FORRESTER's PRIVATE INQUIRY
OFFICE, 6, Danes-inn, St. Clement's, Strand.—Mr. JNo.
FORRESTER, late principal police officer at the Mansion-house, cily
of London. Confidential inquires made in Eagland and atroas
Messrs. F.'s services can be secured for the forthcoming clections.
