RECEIVED.—GODFRED.

NNIE.—Any communication of importance would
reach me addressed in full name to my club.—H. H.
NEVILLE.—WANTED, INFORMATION regard¬
ing JOHN WETHERALL, late of Soville, or his heirs. — James
Mason, 8, Bernard-street, Russell-square.
COMTESSE MIMI, mille choses bien aimable.
Reçu deux lettres Vienne, reste ici jusque 15 Sept., puis à
Vienne pour lhiver. Adresse toujours ma sour. J'espére ta santé
bonne comme la mienne.—1schi, 13 Aodt.
—I am very anxious, not having heard from you
since the war, and could not go to see you as I have been at
Frankfort and very poorly. A letter in your full name is waiting for
at the poste restante, general post-office. Write at once.—V. O.
TRONCHET.
AUGUSTUS DONALD MACKEY (son of James
Henry Mackey, East India merchant, of London), who left Liver¬
pool on the 11th August, 1853, in the Great Britain, for Melbourne, is
anxious to HEAR from any of his RELATIONS or FRIENDS. Ad¬
dress A. D. Mackey, post-office, Tankarooka, Darling River, N.S.W
A. M., CRYSTAL PALACE.—RECEIVED from
Anonymous, on the 10th and 11th inst., BANK of ENGLAND
NOTES for £50, in two envelopes, and beg to thank the kind donor
for the same.
EAST LONDON HOSPITAL for CHILDREN.—
The Rev. S. B. BURNABY, Hon. Sec., begs to ACKNOW¬
LEDGE, with his best thanks, the RECEPT of £10, donation from
a Boy, paid into the Alliance Bank.
ATIONAL HOSPITAL for DISEASES of the
HEART.—The Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEIPT of TWO GUINEAS from A. J. Larking, Esq., in aid of the
funds, now quite exhansted. Office, 151, Strand, W. C., August 22d. 1871.
LOST, on the 20th inst., a BLACK LEATHER
BAG, containing jewellery, letters, &c. FIVE POUNDS RE¬
WARD on its restoration. Apply to Messrs. A. Webster and Stockley,
No. 60, Piccadilly.
LOST (ONE POUND REWARD), a BRINDLED
BULL TERRIER BITCH. She has white on her chest, legs, and
forehead; also a white tip to her tail. Is called Wasp. Any one
taking her to 35, Gloucester-place, Bayswater, shall receive the above
reward.
TO CABMEN and others.—LOST, at the door of
No. 17, Berkeley-square, in getting out of a four-wheel cab, or
left in the cab, a RUSSIAN LEATHER PURSE, with gilt edge and
elastic band, containing £13 and odd shillings, £5 in a note and the
rest in sovereigns. If any one will take the same to 40, Beaufort¬
gardens, they shall be handsomely REWARDED.
FOUND, in Kentish-town, on the 13th inst., a
BLACK RETRIEVER DOG. The owner can have it by paying
expenses. If not claimed by the 30th, will be SOLD. Apply to Mr.
Newman, 1, Camden-road-mews, Sandall-road.
PLEDGED, for £1, and from information since re¬
ceived believed to have been stolen, a GOLD SIGNET RING, the
tablet engraved for sealing. Will be returned to the owner on giving
a description of the same and paying expenses. Apply to R.B.Starling,
dealer in second-hand jewellery and plate, 68, Great Portland-street,
Oxford-street.
BROUGHT to the CITY GREEN-YARD a COS¬
TERMONGERS BARROW a Broken Barrow, containing
Wood and several pieces of office fittings, a Sack Barrow, a Truck, and
a Ladder. Will be SOLD if not claimed within seven days from this
date.—GEO. B. CHAPMAN, Keeper of the City Green-yard, E.C.—
August 22nd, 1871.
THE NETROPOLITAN BOAED of WORKS
hereby give notice, that they have prepared Bye-Laws with respect
to Blackheath, pursuant to the Metropolitan Commons Supplemental
Act, 1871, and that such Bye-Laws are as follows, that is to aay:—
METROPOLITAN BOARD of WORKS.
BYE-LAWS.—BLACKHEATH.
Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1871, 34 and 35 Vic.,
cap. 57.
I. The matters in the following twenty one Rules are hereby pro¬
hibited, and are declared to be offences, pursuant to the Statute above¬
mentioned; and throughout these Bye-Laws the word "Board" shall
mean the Metropolitan Board of Works, and the word "Heath" shall
mean the Common of Blackheath, as the same is delineated on a plan
deposited with the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales,
and sealed with their seal.
1. Removing or wilfully injuring any of the fences, seats, or notice
boards on the Heath, or other matters or things the property of the
Board.
2. Cutting, breaking, or otherwise doing wilful damage to the trees,
shrubs, flewers, gorse, furze, or fern on the Heath.
3. Committing a trespass or encroachment on, or making an inclosure
of, any part of the surface of the Heath.
4. Erecting on the Heath, unless with the consent of the Board, in
writing, any posts, rails, fences, poles, tents, booths, or any building of
any kind whatsoever.
5. Using any part of the Heath as a drying or bleaching ground, or
for beating carpets, except with the consent of the Board.
 Wilfully committing any nuisance on the Heath.
7. Depositing on the Heath or in the ponds any road-sand, refuse,
rubbish, dead animais, or other matters or things.
8. Digging, cutting, damaging, or removing gravel, sand, or turf, of or
from the Heath, without authority.
9. Burning on the Heath any wood, brushwood, gorse, furze, fern,
or other articles.
10. Owners or persons in charge of unlicensed carriages, saddle
horses, ponies, donkeys, goat-chaises, let out on hire, using the Heath
us standing places, contrary to the regulations of the Board, as sche¬
duled below.
11. Drawing, driving, or placing any cart, carriage, truck, velocipede,
or other vehicle on or across the turf of the Heath or over the foot¬
paths.
12. Breaking in, leading, driving, or otherwise exercising any horse,
ass, or muie, on or across the Heath, except upon the roads or high¬
ways, or on the part or place set apart for that purpose.
13. Riding on or over the turf of the Heath, except in the part or place
shown by the letter D, and delineated on a plan marked B, deposited
with the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, and which
is hereby declared to be the part of the Heath set apart by the Board
for that purpose, and at a rate exceeding eight miles per hour.
14. Turning out on the Heath to graze, without due authority, any
cattle, sheep, horse, ass, mule, or other animal.
15. Uniawfully constructing or laying any sewer, drain, pipe, or water¬
way, or other matter of like nature, on, into, or under any part or parts
of the Heath.
16. Making or forming any new roads over or across the Heath,
without the consent of the Board in writing.
17, Gambling, betting, or playing with cards, or dice, on the
Heath.
18. Firing guns or pistols, throwing stones or sticks, or other mis¬
siles, or doing anything which may endanger the public, or be deemed
a nuisance or an ebstruction or annoyance to the public on the
Heath.
19, Brawling, fighting, quarrelling, cursing, swearing, or using inde¬
cent and improper language, or being otherwise disorderly on the
Heath.
.20. Wilfully interfering with, obstructing, or annoying any persons
exercising as Volunteers, playing at cricket, golf, or other lawful games
on the Heath.
21. Wilfully interfering with, obstructing, or annoying any of the
Heath constables or other persons employed by the Board in the dis¬
charge of their duty.
11. The Heath Constables are authorized to remove or apprehend
without warrant any gambler, card sharper, gipsy, squatter, vagrant,
seller of infamous books or prints, or any persons guilty of brawling,
fighting, or quarrelling, or using indecent or improper language, or any
idle or disorderly persons, or any person erecting any booth or place of
any kind, that they may be dealt with according to law.
III. Any person committing any of the above offences shall be sub¬
ject to a penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and for every continuing
offence a penalty not exceoding Forty Shillings for each day on which
such offence shall continue.
IV. Nothing in these Bye-Laws shall interfere with the powers of
the Metropolitan Police, or any authority legally existing for prevent¬
ing or punishing offences.
Schedule of Regulations respecting Standing Places referred to in the
tenth Rule of the first Bye-Law.
1. That the parts or places severally shown by the letters A, B,and C,
on the said deposited plan marked B, be, and ure hereby declared to be,
fit and proper standing places for saddle-horses, ponies, donkeys, goat¬
chaises, and other animals, or vechicles, let out on hire.
2. That each saddle-horse, pony, donkey, goat-chaise, or other
animal, or vehicle, plying for hire, be fastened to the inside of the
railing forming such standing place respectively.
And the said Board intend, at the expiration of one calendar month
from the date hereof, to apply to one of Her Majesty's Secretaries of
State to confirm such proposed Bye-Lats.
And take notice, that a copy of such proposed Bye-Laws will be kept
at the office of the Metropolitan Board of Works, Spring-gardens,
Charing-cross, in the county of Middlesex, for one calendar month
before such application to the Secretary of State, during office hours,
for inspection by any metropolitan ratepayer, without fee or reward.
Dated this 22d day of August, 1871.
By order,
JOHN POLLARD, Clerk of the said Metropolitan Board.
Spring-gardens, Charing-cross.

CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label, used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby,"
CAUTION.—CHUBBS LOCKS and SAFES can
beobtained in London only from Chubb and Son, makers to the
Queen and the Bank of England, 57, St. Paul's churchyard, E.C.
CAUTION.—VOIGTLANDERS OPERA and RACE
GLASSES.—The public is cautioned that Mr. CALLAGHAN is
the appointed SOLE AGENT for the above.—23a, New Bond-street,
corner of Conduit-street.
CAUTION.—HOWARDS PATENT EASY
CHAIRS and SOFAS. All of genuine manufacture have a label
attached, with number of patent and address of patentee, 25, 26, and 27,
Berners-street, Oxford-street, W., and Cleveland Works.
CAUTION to PURCHASERS of WM. YOUNGER
d Co.'s ALES in CASK and BOTTLE. Each label has Win.
Younger and Co.'s signature and trade mark, without which none are
guaranteed genuine. Beware of other brands being substituted.—
Breweries, Edinburgh; London offices, Belvedere-road, S.E.
CAUTION.—TOULMIN and GALE beg to give
notice that they have NO AGENTS for the SALE of their
PATENT INDIAN DESPATCH BOXES, Travelling Bags, Dressing
Cases, &c. The same can only be obtained at their manufactory, 85
and 86, Cheapside, and west-end branch, 7, New Bond-street.
CAUTION.—T. SHIPWRIGHT (late Clements and
Shipwright), Court Hairdresser, 10, Tichborne-street, Regent-street,
finds it necessary to caution his customers and the public against ad¬
vertisements and circulars which mislead. He has not removed nor
sold his business, which is open as usual from 9 a.m until 8 p.m.
CAUTION.—Messrs. HANCOCKS and Co.,
Goldsmiths, Jewellers, and Silversmiths to the Queen, the Prince
and Princess of Wales, and the principal Courts of Europe, &c.,
regret being compelled to CAUTION the public that their BUSINESS,
established by Mr. C. F. Hancock, is only CARRIED ON at the sam
address, Nos. 38 and 39, Druton-street, corner of Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—Betts' Patent Capsules.—The public
are respectfully cautioned that BETTS' PATENT CAPSULES
are being INFRINGED by importations from abroad. Betts' name is
upon every capsule he makes for leading merchants at home and
abroad.—1, Wharf-road, City-road, London, April 8, 1869, and Bor¬
deaux, France.
CAUTION.—RED HEART RUM.—The public are
CAUTIONED against IMITATIONS of this celebrated SPIRIT.
Owing to its having been found so eminently successful as a preventive
of cholera and diarrhoa, this caution is rendered necessary. Each
bottle of the genuine is labelled and the corks and capsules are
branded Chief London agent, J. G. TURNEY, 61, King William¬
street, city.
CAUTION.—FREDK. EDGINGTON, marquee,
tent, rick-cloth, and tarpaulin manufacturer, son and successor to
Thomas Edgington, the founder of the business at (original address)
No. 244, Tooley-street, in 1805, begs to inform the public he is now the
only living representative, and has no connexion with any house
carrying on a similar business under the name of Edgington. Be parti¬
cular. Fredk. Edgington and Company, rick-cloth, &c., manufacturers
to Her Majesty, 52 (only), Old Kent-road, London, S.E.
CAUTION.—To Shippers and others.—BISHOP'S
GRANULAR EFFERVESCENT CITRATE of MAGNESIA.—
Whereas the original inventor of the above celebrated Saline Draught
has discovered that large quantities of an inferior preparation have
been shipped to the colonies and elsewhere, purporting to be of Mr.
Bishop's manufacture, and bearing labels similar to those registered
and issued by him;—Notice is hereby given, that the genuine Bishop's
Granular Effervescent Citrate of Magnesia is manufactured by the un¬
dersigned only, and shippers are cautioned to see that each label bears
the trade mark and full address of Alfred Bishop, manufacturing
chymist, 17, Speck's-fields, Mile-end New-town, London, E.
CAUTION.—Edgington.—BENJAMIN EDGING¬
TON, the marquee, tent, rick cloth, and fiag manufacturer, by
special letters of appointment to H.M. the Queen and H.R.H. the
Prince of Wales, originally established in Tooley-street, before the
building of the present London-bridge, begs to call attention to the
fact that he has but one establishment, viz., that at 2, Duke-street, at
the Surrey foot of London-bridge, opposite the entrance to the railway
stations. The establishment at 32, Charing-cross has been closed for
some 10 years, and he has now no west-end establishment. Letters
should be addressed with Christian name in full, Benjamin Edgington,
No. 2. Duke-street, London-bridge.
VELLUM-WOVE CLUB-HOUSE NOTE.—The
W.
public are CAUTIONED against the many worthless imitations
of this incomparable paper.—PARTRIDGE and COOPER, manufac¬
turers and sole vendors, 192, Fleet-street, corner of Chancery-lane.
NOTICE.—The IRISH FRIEZES and TWEEDS,
also the New Ulster Overcoat, exhibited in the Workmen's
International Exhibition, have gained the Gold Medal, and can only
be had of SAMUEL, BROTHERS, 50, Ludgate-hill, London. These
goods are stamped every two yards "Samuel, Brothers, Irish Manufac¬
ture warranted.—No. 50, Ludgate-hill, E.C.
PRIVATE INQUIRIES in DIVORCE, Libel,
Business, and any cases requiring detective tact and
experience. French and Spanish spoken.—E. BURCHELL, 209,
Gresham-house, 24, Old Broad-street, city.
DR. CAPLIN'S
ELECTRO-CHEMICAL
BATHS, 9, York-place.
are. Proapectus gratis.
