—Why did you not answer mine in reply to
yours from Jersey early last month?—EDIE.
FIDES.—I have not any communication from you
this morning. When, and to what address shall I send the docu¬
ment you ask for in your P.S. of Thursday? It is delayed a week, so
there is not the necessity for you to hasten your rejoinder, (58,62)
(164.17) (218,57) (250.86) (1) (2) (134.35) (58.52) (111.48) (P) (17,22) (194.7)
72) (197.18) (1) (249.80) (2) (44.36) (241.45). —Saturday, Oct. 15.
MISSING.—LEFT his HOME, on Sunday, Octo¬
ber the 9th, at 7 o'clock in the morning, a YOUNG GENTLE¬
MAN 18 years of age, 5ft. 6 inches in height, pale complexion, hazel
eyes, dark eyebrows, slight moustache and whiskers; wearing a black
coat and waistcoat to match, and a gold Albert chain. Was last seen
in the New Finchley-road, carrying a black leather bag and a black
painted wooden box, containing, it is supposed, a Courtols piston. A
liberal REWARD will be given for any correct information of the
whereabouts of the missing young man on application to Mr. Pollaky,
Private Inquiry Office, 13, Paddington-green, W.
BISHOP of LONDON's FUND.—The Hon. Secre¬
taries ACKNOWLEDGE very gratefully the ANONYMOUS
DONATION of £3,000, received through Messrs. Barnett and Co., in
addition to a former donation of £1,000. The donor's letter will be
brought before the Bishop of London and the Committee, at their
next Meeting on Nov. 3d, and the Hon. Secretaries would be obliged
to the donor if he would enable them to inform him in some way how
his donation will be applied.—46A, Pall-mall.
LOST, on Friday afternoon, either in Berners-streets
Mortimer-street, or Oxford-street, a BUNCH of KEYS Who¬
ever will bring the same to Berners Hotel shall receive FIVE SHIL¬

LOST, at the Euston-square Station, on the 26th of
July last, a DEAL BOX, containing books, and addressed
Harington, 1, Cambridge-road, Brighton. A REWARD of ONE
POUND will be given to any one who will give such information as
will lead to the recovery of the box, at the office of Messrs. Marl¬
borough and Co., 4, Ave Maria-lane, city, London.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on Thursday
evening, 13th inst., leaving St. James's-hall, a DOUBLE-PILLAR
IVORY-CASED OPERA GLASS, mounted in gold, with a handle and
case. Apply to Mr. Busby, stationer, 76, Great Portland-street, W.
STRAYED from Upper Norwood, on Sunday, Oct.
2, a large, BLACK, curly RETRIEVER DOG, with tan feet.
Is supposed to have followed two gentlemen to Crystal Palace Station.
The owner will be greatly obliged by anyone giving information about
the same to Mr. Farley, builder, Church-road, Upper Norwood, when
a liberal REWARD will be given.
LUNACY.—SINGLE PATIENTS.
OFFICE of COMMISSIONERS in LUNACY, 19, Whitehall¬
place, October 10, 1864.
THE Commissioners in Lunacy having reason to be¬
lieve that many persons of unsound mind are illegally received or
taken charge of, and that the law relating to insane persons not in
asylums or licensed houses but under individual care as "Single
Patients," is extensively violated, desire to draw the attention of
medical practitioners and others to the provisions of the 8th and 9th
Victoria, cap. 100., sec. 90, as amended by the 8th section of 16 and 17
Vic., cap. 96.
By these enactments no person (unless he derives no profit from the
charge or be a committee appointed by the Lord Chancellor) can re¬
ceive one patient in any unlicensed house ; neither can any person
take care or charge of any one patient as a lunatic or alleged lunatic
without the same form of order and medical certificates as are re¬
quired upon the admission of a patient into a licensed house, copies of
which are to be sent to the Commissioners in Lunacy, together with
other particulars, which are fully stated in printed instructions to be
obtained on application at the office of the Commissioners, 19, White¬
hall-place.
By the first-mentioned Act every person neglecting to comply with
the requirements of the Statute is liable to prosecution for a misde¬
meanour.
By the interpretation clause the word "lunatic" is declared to mean
Every insane person, and every person being an idiot or lunatic, or
of unsound mind."
According to the law as laid down by the Judges of the Superfor
Courts, the provisions and penalties of the Act apply to all cases of
insane persons taken or retained under care or charge in unlicensed
houses, whether or not they were of unsound mind when first received.
The Commissioners will feel it their duty in cases of violation of the
law hereafter brought under their notice, to proceed by indictment
against the offending parties.
By order of the Board,
W. C. SPRING RICE, Secretary.
THE LATE FIRE at the CHAPEL ROYAL,
SAVOY.—JAMES A. FINNEY, tailor, &c., begs to inform his
numerous patrons that through the entire destruction of his premises
at 109, Strand, caused by the late fire, he has now REMOVED his
BUSINESS to 55, Strand, two doors west of Messrs. Coutts' bank.
INDIARUBBER TOBACCO POUCHES.—We
CAUTION the public not to be misled by advertisements issued
by Mr. Horsey, threatening to take proceedings against sellers of India¬
rubber tobacce pouches manufactured by us. We claim to have an
equal right with Mr. Horsey to manufacture and sell such pouches,
and have taken legal proceedings to revoke the patent referred to by
him, and we undertake to indemnify all persons selling our pouches
against any proceedings which may be taken against them by Mr.
Horsey. —Dated this 15th day of October, 1864.
MOTT and NICKELS, Indiarubber Works, Lea-bridge-road.
Witness—J. H. Triston, solicitor, 18, Barge-yard-chambers, Buck¬
lersbury, E.C.
CAUTION—HARRIS'sSPECTACLES.—THOMAS
HARRIS and SON CAUTION the public against persons using
their name. Business (established 1780) solely conducted at 52, Great
Russell-street, opposite the British Museum-gate, where only can be
had their celebrated spectacles, opera and field glasses. No travellers.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz.:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
CHOCOLAT-MENIER.—Notice of Removal.—The
public and others are respectfully informed that the LONDON
BRANCH HOUSE is REMOVED from the temporary addresses,
No. 119, Chancery-lane and 61, King's-cross-road, to 23, Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden, W. C., where all orders should be sent.
NOTICE.—Carriages can now set down at PETER
ROBINSON's Oxford-street entrances, and may be approached
by Argyll-street, during the re-paving of the street.
REPAVING of OXFORD-STREET.—WILLIAM
S. BURTON, furnishing ironmonger by appointment to H.R.H.
the Prince of Wales, 39, Oxford-street, 1, 1a, 2, 3, and 4, Newman¬
street, 4, 5, and 6, Perry's-place, and 1, Newman-yard, begs to inform
his customers and the public generally that carriages can now drive up
to all the different entrances of his establishment.
SMYTH's MILLINERY ROOMS, 109, Oxford¬
street, and 276, Regent-street.—Notice.—During the re-paving of
Oxford-street the CARRIAGE ENTRANCE will be confined to
No. 276, Regent-street, one door north of the Cireus.
NOTICE.—Mr. WATHERSTON (late of Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden), goldsmith, begs respectfully to inform
the nobility and gentry that his late partnership having been dissolved,
he now carries on the same system of business at 12, Pall-mall east,
adjoining the National Gallery, under the firm of Watherston and Son.
NOTICE.—Removal.—The BUSINESS of PETER
ROBINSON's MOURNING WAREHOUSE, 103 and 104, Ox¬
ford-street, will shortly be REMOVED to more extensive premises
(late Hodge, Lowman, and Orchard's), 256 to 262, Regent-street, of
which due notice will be given.
NOMCEOPATHIC CHYMISTS.—Messrs. LEATH
nd ROSS, chymists by appointment to the London Homcco¬
pathic Hospital, respectfully inform their customers that business is
carried on as usual during the enlargement of premises, at 9, Vere¬
street, Oxford-street, W.
RED LION HOTEL, Henley-on-Thames, for fami¬
lies and gentlemen.—E. WILLIAMS, proprietor.
ROYAL SURREY HOTEL, 14 and 15, Surrey¬
street, Strand, London. Central and comfortable. A spacious
dining saloon and a drawing room for ladies. A tris
will fully satisfy.
Bed and breakfast, 3s. 6d.; service, 6d.—ED. LOWE, Proprietor.
PARK HOTEL, Park-place, St. James's-street,
London.—This hotel is central, quiet, and replete with every com¬
fort; and moderate charges. Suites of apartments from two guineas
per week. Families boarded by the week. Tariff on application.
NORFOLK-SQUARE HOTEL, opposite the
arrival platform of the Great Western Railway, Paddington.
Board and lodging from two guineas per week. Apply to Mr.
HARPER, Manager.
MATEURS of FRENCH CUISINE can always
tind at the HOTEL de PARIS, 42, Glasshouse-street, Regent¬
street, the best French cooking and choice foreign wines, Largest number
of private rooms for suppers, &c. —42, Glasshouse-street, Regent-street.
GREAT MALVERN.—The IMPERIAL HOTEL
is connected with the railway station by a covered way, and con¬
tains upwards of 100 bed rooms, drawing rooms, &c. A ladles coffee
room, billiard and smoking rooms. Tariffs will be forwarded on appli¬
cation.
QUEEN's HOTEL, Hastings.—This fine hotel,
facing the sea, contains suites of apartments for families, large
coffce rooms (gentlemen's and families), reading room, billard and
smoking rooms, hot and cold baths; cuisine of acknowledged excel¬
lence, fine wines. Attendance charged. For tariffs and particulars
address the Manager.
NELSON's PORTLAND HOTEL, Great Port¬
land-street, W., London:—Drawing room suite, 10s. 6d. per day;
ground-floor or second-fioor suite, 8s. 6d. per day; single beds, 2s.,
and 2s. 6d. ; service, 1s. per day. Families and gentlemen boarded,
by the day or week, at a moderate scale. A ladies coffee room is
comprised in the hotel. Servants in attendance all night.
GREMORNE BRANCH RESTAURANT, 1, New
Coventry-street. Proprietor E.T. SMITH.—Dinners from 2s.;
the Cremorne supper, 2s. 6d. Hot suppers till 1 o'clock. Excellent
coffee and smoking room. In consequence of the number of private
dinners, Mr. Smith begs respectfully to state he will be unable to renew
the table d'hôte on Sundays. Private rooms for parties.
HAXELL's HOTEL, happily placed in the centre
of the West Strand, close to the theatres and places of amuse¬
ment, is one of the most comfortable in London, comprising suites of
family apartments, ladies or family coffee room, &c. The prices are
most moderate. Bed rooms, 2s. 6d.; drawing room, with bed room
en suite, including lights, 8s. 6d. and 10s. 6d.; breakfasts, 1s. 6d.;
dinners, from 2s. 6d. Baths, 1s. Attendance, 1s. A night watchman
PLUMBLY's FRESHWATER BAY HOTEL,
Isle of Wight. —Families requiring BOARD and APARTMENTS
for the autumn and winter months, can be accommodated, on reason¬
able terms, at this well-known establishment. The neighbourhood is
one of the finest and most healthy, being within an easy distance of
London. Billard and bath rooms attached to the hotel. Post horses
and carriages of every description. A letter to the proprietor will meet
with prompt attention.
ROYAL OAK HOTEL, Hastings.—W. G.
ARCHER, having succeeded the late W. L. Yates in the above
old-established and well-situate family and commercial hotel, facing
the sea, begs to inform his friends and the public that he has re¬
furnished and restored the same, now replete with every convenience,
cleanliness, and attention combined. Care has been taken to render
the comforts of the commercial interest complete. Families and
gentlemen boarded on a moderate scale. A ladies' coffee room is

RAILWAY HOTEL, Killarney.—This establish¬
ment, so well known to the public, is now offered as a winter
residence to families, tourists, and sportsmen, at a considerable re¬
duction of the usual charges, from October 1. Terms, for weekly
boarders, including bed room, attendance, breakfast, dinner (table
d'hôte), and tea, £2 10s. per week each. Arrangements have also been
made for sportsmen to shoot over 1,000 acres, and a considerable reduc¬
tion will be found in the charges for carriages, boats, guides, and ponies.
For further information apply to Mr. GOODMAN, Railway Hotel,
Killarney.
THE GRAND HOTEL, Boulevard des Capucines,
Place du Nouvel Opéra, opposite the rue de la Paix, and near
the theatres, has been opened since July, 1862. It contains 700 bed
rooms (prices from 4 to 25 franes), 70 drawing rooms (from 5 to 30f.), a
magnificent saloon, capable of dining more than 300 persons (and
where there is a table d'hote at 6 o'clock). Dinners and breakfasts are
served à la carte in the coffee rooms as well as in the apartments,
There is a reading room, with the best English and foreign papers and
publications, a music room, and a drawing room, for the use of travel¬
iers, without any additional charge. There are also baths, billard
rooms, smoking divans, post-office, cabs, carriages, and omnibuses
going to the railway stations. The servants speak all languages. This
superb Hotel, possessing all that modern luxury and comfort can com¬
bine, and situate in the most fashionable part of Paris, is recommended
to the atention of travellers
GRAND HOTEL du LOUVRE, established 1855,
situate in the most central part of Paris, Rue de Rivoli and Place
du Palais Royal.—600 bed rooms, at from 3f. to 20f.; 60 sitting rooms,
at from 4f, to 20f. ; a richly-decorated dining saloon, table d'hôte at
6 o'clock. Public coffee and dining rooms; choice wines; dinners
served a la carte, both in the dining rooms and the private apartments;
reading and conversation saloons; also saloons for musical, wedding,
and other parties. All newspapers and serial publications received.
Divans, coffee, smoking, and billard rooms; numerous bath rooms.
Carriages on the premises; first class private equipages at command;
omuibuses running to all the railway stations. Postal letter-box;
telegraph office day and night. Photographic studio. A staff of ser¬
vants, speaking all languages.
ROULEVART des CAPUCINES, at the corner of
the Rue Scribe.—Great and small FURNISHED APART¬
MENTS.—This establishment, founded by the Company on the same
conditions of luxury and comfort as the Great Hotel and Hotel du
Louvre, is specially arranged for those families who intend to remain
in Paris for some time. Very moderate prices.
THE best DINNERS in LONDON are at the
ROYAL WINE SHADES, 5, Leicester-square (Saville-house,)
Soup. fish, joints, cheese, celery, &c., all for 1s. 6d. per head, from 1 till
8. A handsome smoking room; public and private billiards, suppers, &c.
