L. E.—All is forgiven. WRITE, or come directly.
A.B., Eccleston-square. —There is a LETTER from
Montagu for you at post-office, 6, Lupus-street.
ROYALTY."—Any one giving INFORMATION
which shall lead to the DISCOVERY of the WRITER of an
ANONYMOUS LETTER, signed "Royalt.
and addressed to a lady,
Saturday last, 15th inst., shall receive a REWARD of £50, on applica¬
tion to Mr. Pollaky, private inquiry office, 13, Paddington-green.
IF CLARISSA JULIA WEBB, of Paris, spinster,
1848, daughter of John Webb, formerly of London, gentleman
for her representatives), will APPLY to W. G. Enscoe, accountant, 137,
Blackfriars-road, London, S.E., she will hear of something to her
advantage.
WILLIAM WELSFORD.—If WILLIAM WELS¬
FORD, who for several years previously to the year 1811 resided
at West Teignmouth, in the county of Devon, clock and watch maker,
and who, it is believed, left there some time in or about the year 1811,
and went and resided somewhere in Cornwall, is living, and will
APPLY to Mr. Charles Windale Jackson, of No. 2, Field-court,
Gray's-inn, London, solicitor, he will hear of something to his advan¬
tage ; or any person who can give any information to the said Charles
Windale Jackson concerning the said William Welsford, or satis¬
factory proof of his death, will be paid a Reward of Two Guineas.
TO PARISH CLERKS.—WANTED, the CERTI¬
FICATE of BURIAL of LETITIA HODGES (HODGKINS or
HODGKINSON), who died in or near London about the year 1805.
Any information regarding the above will be remunerated on address¬
Na  J. G., 9, Pool-valley, Brighton.
MISSING, since 8.30 Saturday morning last,
THOMAS SENIER. Age 30, about five feet six inches, full
light beard and moustachios, fair complexion, gray eyes, black frock
coat and trousers, wide awake hat. Anyone who can give any
INFORMATION respecting the above will kindly do so to the Weekly
Shipping List office, 66, St. Mary-axe, E.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £29 13s. 1d. Consolidated
£3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of ISAAC
ENGLISH, of Blisset-street, Greenwich, baker, and GEORGE
MURPHY, of Robert-street, Hampstead-road, pianoforte maker, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of
the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July,
1856; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid, to George Murphy, the survivor, who has claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his claim thereto.
LOST, in the city, on the 19th inst., a GREEN
MOROCCO POCKETBOOK, containing money, circular notes,
and other papers of no value except to the owner Any persou re¬
turning the above to Eives and Allen, 61, King William-street, E.C.
shall be rewarded.
LOST, a GOLD TASSEL EARRING, either at
Waterloo Station, on in a cab, which took a party thence to the
Zoological-gardens, on Thursday, the 20th inst. An
oring it..
uninjured, to H., 40, Moorgate-street, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS
REWARD.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a LADYS
GOLD WATCH, by Bennett, number 14,992. To be taken to
o.   adelaide-road, N
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, about 9 p.m.,
on Tuesday, May 18th, 1859, near Warwick-streeet in the Vaux¬
hall-bridge-road, a GR , Y
WISLE of SKYE TERRIER DOG: answers
to the name of "Lion." Whoever will take the same to No. 177, Vaux¬
hall-bridge-road, S.W., shall receive One Pound.
THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, a
FAWN-COLOURED BULL TERRIER BITCH. Any person
who will bring the same to S. Mart and Co., 130, Oxford-street, shall
receive the above reward.
FIFTEEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, between
Regent's-circus, Piccadilly, and Jermyn-street, on the 14th inst.,
a GOLD HUNTING WATCH, by Chas. Frodsham. No. 9,018.
A. L. engraved on case. Apply to William Boore, 54, Strand, W.C.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a GOLD
WATCH, on Tuesday, May 18th, in the Fulham-road, near the
corner of Neville-street or in Neville-street. Plain gold hunting watch,
with short jet chain and key. Apply to C. S., 21, Neville-street, Onslow¬
gardens, South Kensington.
UG BITCH LOST.—TWENTY POUNDS RE¬
WARD.—LOST, in Oxford, on April 17, a PUG BITCH, light
fawn coloured, with black muzzle, about 10 months old. Answers to
the name of "Mottie." A reward of £5 will be paid to any person re¬
turning the above within three days. After that time a further reward of
£15 will be paid to any one who will give information which will lead
to the conviction of the person detaining the dog. Address G. Ar¬
buthnot, 2, Norfolk-villas, Iflley-road, Oxford.
ON BOARD the DUKE of SUTHERLAND,
16th May, 1869.—To Capt. THOS. LOUTTIT.—Dear Sir.—At
the termination of our voyage, we, the undersigned, passengers on board
your ship, have the greatest pleasure in congratulating you most
heartily on having completed a very pleasant passage from Adelaide,
and in giving our united TESTIMONY to your high qualities as a
sailor and as a smart commander of a ship, as well as to the uniform
and unremitting kindness with which all our wants and wishes have
not only been met but anticipated.
Of the ship herself we cannot but speak in the highest terms as a
fine sea vessel, well officered and well manned; whilst her internal
arrangements, the scrupulous cleanliness everywhere, the excellent
preparation, and the varied and abundance of the provision for our
own table, have been such as not only to satisfy us but to excite our
surprise.
We heartily wish you all the success in the future that you so well
deserve, and with every sentiment of respect.
We are, dear Sir, truly yours,
William Young,
.A. Macgeorge,
Robert Young, Rachel Macgeorge,
Anne Guillod,
Annie Macgeorge.
CAPTAIN W. SMITH, late Commander of the
steamship Batavia, desires to tender his grateful THANKS to
those friends who have presented him, through Messrs. Phillipps,
Graves, Phillipps, and Co., with a Testimonial on his retirement from
the sea, after 53 years' service.—Holland, 14th May, 1869.
THE LONDON, BELGIUM, BRAZIL, and
RIVER PLATE ROYAL MAIL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
(Limited).—Notice.—The OFFICES of the above Company are RE¬
MOVED to No. 12, Leadenhall-Street, E.C.


D. SWAYNE, Secretary.
ORTH-EAST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Hackney Union.—I, the undersigned Thomas Wrake
Rateliff, attorney at law, Auditor of the abovenamed district, do hereby
give notice, that I have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of
the HACKNEY UNION, and of the parishes therein contained, for the
half-year cnded the 25th March, 1869, to commence on Friday, the 4th
day of June, 1869, at 12 o'clock noon, at the Hackney Union Work¬
house, at Homerton, when and where all persons who by law are bound
to account at such audit are required to attend, and to submit all
books, documents, bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the
accounts or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the
poor. —Dated the 20th day of May, 1869.
THOS. W. RATCLIFF, District Auditor.
LAND REGISTRY. — No. 465. — Sunningdale¬
park, Old Windsor, and Sunninghill, Berks.—In the matter of
the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53.—Notice is hereby given,
that on the application of Sir CHARLES DECIMUS CROSLEY,
of Sunningdale-park, in the county of Berks, Knight, the Registrar
intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the date
hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITA¬
MENTS called or known as Sunningdale-park, in the parishes of Old
Windsor and Sunninghill, in the county of Berks, containing
112a. 3r. 20p. or thereabout, in hand, near Windsor Great Park,
bounded on or towards the north in part by the public road to Wind¬
sor-park and Virginia Water, on or towards the south in part by a
road, known as the Station-road, leading into the public road to the
Sunningdale Railway Station, on or towards the east in part by a
public road leading into the said Station-road and into a public road
leading to the said Sunningdale Railway Station, and, in other
part, by property of General Sir David Wood, and on or towards
the west by a road called Larch-avenue, and which said here¬
ditaments are delineated on the map No. 465, deposited in the
Office of Land Registry as part of the description of the same
hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with the mines
and minerals under the same. If any person object to or desire to show
cause against such registration, or claims that the same should be subject
to any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or incum¬
brance, charge, or liability, not already proved or admitted before the
Registrar, should be entered on the register, such person may be heard
at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time
before the expiration of the said three months, persoually or by his
solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objec¬
tion to, or to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect of
such registrations. But any person desiring to make such objection or
claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof,
and with his name and address thereto, in the said office before the
expiration of the said three months, otherwise he will be excluded
from making the same. The aforesaid map may be inspected at the
said office at any time before the expiration of the said three months.
—Dated this 22d day of May, 1869.
D. MORDAUNT. Chief Clerk.
WILDE, HUMPHRY. WILDE, and BERGER. Solicitors
to the Applicant, 21, College-hill, London, E.C
PAWNBROKERS' DUPLICATES.—Caution.—It
having come to the knowledge of the Committee of the Metropo¬
litan United Pawnbrokers' Pretection Society, that a pawnbroker has
or some time been in lengue and conspiracy with dealers in inferior
dlamond and other jewellery to defrand the public by means of dupli¬
eates or memoraudums of deposit of such jewellery, which represent a
larger sum than has actually been advanced by the pawnbroker on
such goods; all persons are hereby WARNED and CAUTIONED
against the purchase or loan of money upon any duplicates or deposit

GEORGE ATTENBOROUGH, Hon. Sec., 93, Old Kent-road.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—Mixing Machines.—
To Biscuit Bakers and other Manufacturers using Mixing Ma¬
chinery.—£10 will be prid to the first person who shall give me
INFORMATION, and produce proof, of the INFRINGEMENT of
GRIFFITHS' PATENT MIXING MACHINE in any manufactory,
or that it is otherwise infringed by illegal user or sale.
GEORGE KENT. 199, High Holborn, London.
Griffiths' Patent introduces an entirely new principle in the construc¬
tion of mixing machinery, which by a single revolution of the handle
gives 288 strokes or divisione of the matter submitted to its operation,
and in fact so powerful and effective is its action that it will even incor¬
porate water with oil or fatty matter. It is already extensively used
by manufacturers of liquid and semi-liquid compounds, as also by cooks,
confectioners, and others, who find it beat up their mixtures to a de¬
gree of excellence never before attained. The machines are made in
sizes adapted for any guantity, from one quart to thousands of gallons.
Prices from 21s. to £20 and upwards: those for family use, 5s.
GRIFFITHS' PATENT MIXING MACHINE.—
We, William Meredith and Sons, of 69, Christian-street Com¬
mercial-road east, London, wholesale biscuit manufacturers, having
without sufficient inquiry and by inadvertence infringed the patented
rights in Grifliths' Mixing Machine, of which Mr. George Kent, of 199,
High Holborn, is, as we are informed, the sole licensce and manufac¬
turer, and Mr. Kent, with the consent of Mr. Griffiths, having agreed
to suspend further legal proceedings against us, on our delivering up the
machine illegally used by us to Mr. Kent, at his manufactory, 199.
High Holborn, and purchasing a genuine machine of Mr. Kent, and
paying an agreed sum for damages and costs, and also the cost of ad¬
vertising this ACKNOWLEDGMENT of our INFRINGEMENT
hereby express our regret at having violated such patented rights, and
thank Mr. Kent and Mr. Griffiths for having so suspended legal pro¬
ceedings against us.
(Signed), MEREDITH and SONS.
Messrs. Drew and Son. of 165, High-Street, Shadwell, E., whole sale
blecuit manufacturers; and Thomas Wright, of Nos. 15 and 16, Herc¬
ford-place, Commercial-road east, wholesale biscuit manufacturer,
having also been guilty of similar infringement, have paid compensa¬
tion and costs, and have made written acknowledgements of such in¬
fringements in similar terms to the abv
FUGENE CLICQUOTS CHAMPAGNE.—The
purchasers of my wine are requested particularly to observe the
brand "Eugene Clicquet" as established and adhered to by me for a
quarter of a century, and which was duly registered according to the
law of France, the 27th May, 1845. Supplied solely through the trade.
Corks and labels clearly marked.
(Signed). EUGENE CLICQUOT, Reims.
CAUTION.—FOREIGN VINEYARD ASSOCIA¬
TION (Limited), Joint-Stock Wine Company, established 1854.—
Letters being frequently misdirected, notice is given that the only
address is 200, Regent-st., W., and sole Manager, W. II. PALMER,Esq.
CAUTION.—BETTS'S CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of capsules made in contravention
of his rights, which necessarily are numerous, Betts being the original
inventor and sole maker in the United Kingdom.—1, Wharf-road,
City-road, London; and Bordeaux, France.—April 8, 1869.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted and registered achromatic lenses should
apply only direct to them, at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
CAUTION.—Messrs. CARTWRIGHT and
BROWNE, the old-established Surgeon-Dentists, have NOT
REMOVED (as reported by some designing persons), but are still at
No. 22, Fleet-street, whore they have practised for more than 30 years,
and may be consulted as usual.—22, Fleet-street, near the Middle
Temple-gate.
CAUTION.—ICE SAFES.—The Filtering Refrige¬
rator (Ash's Patent), the Piston Freezing Machine (Ash's Patent),
the Improved Double-wall Ice Water Pitcher (Registered by Ash), are
sold exclusively by the Piston Freezing Machine and Ice Company,
who are now the sole proprietors of these celebrated articles.—PISTON
FREEZING MACHINE and ICE COMPANY, 3156, Oxford-street,
W. (near Hanover-square-gate).
CAUTION.—The HYDRONETTE (ROBINS'
PATENT), for gardens, greenhouses, conservatories, &c., is a more
easy working and reliable machine than any other in use, and perfectly
watertight. It is made in five sizes, with 4 feet suction hose, strainer,
iet and rose to each—No. 1, 12s. 6d.; 2. 15s. 6d.; 3, 21s.; 4, 25s.; 5, 30s.
Caution.—Beware of imitations. None are genuine unless labelled
"Haynes and Sons, Proprietors, London."—227, 229, and 231, Edgware-¬
road, W.
