POLLO.—Go to P. O.
FROM MELBOURNE, ship KENT.—LETTERS
AWAITING Mr. AKHURST, at Kent's Hotel, Norfolk-street,

BIDDY.—All right at office, if you return immedi¬
ately. Rely on our help. Will mest all claings. Almost distracted.
At least send alidress; it shall be secret. Important news to commu¬
nicaie. Do you think of us? Your loving wife, EMMA.
THE GENTLEMAN (middle-aged) who, on Tues¬
day evening, 24th May, between 7 and 8 o'clock, travelled in a
first-class carriage of Metropolitan, from Moorgate-street to Portland¬
road, accompanied by two ladies, who manifested impatience at delay
rting from Moorgate-street, will confer a great obligation by
PORWARDING his -ADDRESS to A. R. T., Messrs. Pottle and Son's,
Royal Exclange, as he may be able to assist advertiser, who occupied
a seat opposite, in recovering some valuable property lost on that
occasion.
NOSPITAL for DISEASES of the THROAT,
Golden-square, W.  The Committee of Management gratefully
ACKNOWLEDGE  DONATION of £10 10s. from the Worshipful
Company of Mercer.
LOST, on the 30th May, off a cab, a BLACK CAR¬

iation, containing sundry articles, hair brushes, spanges. Whoever takes

LOST, a TELESCOPE, by Dollond, German silver,
with a compass, and Courtenay Philipps, 15th Hussars, engraved
on it. THREE GUINEAS REWARD will be given for its recovery.
Direct Major Mansel, Wimbledon.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday,
June 7th, a GOLD LOCKET, with a peall cross on one side on
blue enamel, and a portrait on the other. Whoever will send the same
to French Consulate, 33, Finsbury-circus, city, shall receive the above
reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, TWO
TRANSFERS of GREAT INDIAN PENINSULA RAILWAY
STOCK, value together £3,450. The documents are entirely useless to
anybody but those whom they concern. The above reward will be paid

TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, 6sh instant,

t Cab, between there and the west-end, a MISCELLANEDUS
PARCEL of CHEQUES, in an opes envelope, viz, tine payable to C.
Head, or order, for £470, signed Kaue; one for £55, pajuble to C.
Head, signed Leslie; one for a15, sigued Levey ; one for £105,

to be given at Ne. 12, Great Windmill-Street, Bamerbet.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
night last, in the neighbourhoed of Bond-street, a PUG DOG,
has cropped ears and black muzzle. Answers to the name of Sampo.
Anyone taking it to the St. James's Hotel, Piccadilly, shall receive the
above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
sesseesee
GRAY ROUGH SCOTCH TERRIER; answerato the name of Todeles;
has a steal chain collar, with the name of Mrs. Swinton on brass plate.
Whoever will tate the dng to Rastall and Sons, stationers, Ebury¬
street. Pimlico, shall seceive the above reward.
FOUND in Portland-place, June 3d, a BLACK
RETRIEVER DOG. May be had by paying for this advertisement.
Apply to W. W., King's, stationer, Duke-street, Porgland-place. W.
CAME ASTRAY, on the 31st May, a large DOG, of
the retriever breed. Owner'ean have the same by paying ex¬
penses. If NOT CLAIMED by the 11th inst. will be SOLD. Apply¬
to Mr. Tye, housekeeper, Monsy Oader-office, St. Martin's-le-Grand.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—

esseegaae—
Ssenseseseeee
name of CATHERINE MILRES, of Linsoln, widow, and which
dividends wese poid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of

unclaimed since the 5th April, 1860;—Notice is hereby given, that, on¬
eea
be Paid to John Vessey Machin and William Greetham, executors of
Catherine Mines, deceased, who have claimed the same, unless seme
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim theretq.
NORTH-EAST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
sd
Thomas Wrake Ratcliff, Attorney-at-Law, Auditor of the above named
district, do acreby give notice that I have appointed the AUDIT of
the ACCOUNTS of the HAMLET of MILE-END OLD-TOWN, for
the half-year ended the 25th March, 1870, to commpence on Tuesday,
the 21st day of June, 1870, at 12 o'clock noon, at the Workhouse of the
said Hamet, when and where all peysons who by law are bound to
ageount at such Audit are required to attend, and to submit all books,
documents, bills, and voushers containing or relating to the accounts
or to monegs a sessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the poer.—
Dated the 6th day of June. 1870.
THOS. W. RATCLIFF, District Auditor.
TO JACOB BROWN, late of Camphgll-road, Bow,
address now unknown, and to whomsoever it may concern.—
Whereas, on the 18th day of September, 1855, a warrant was granted
to the said Jacab Brown for 210 hags guane, 25 tops, ex barge, landed
September 17th, 1863, at Harrison', wharf, &t. Katharine's, Tower and
whereas the said guano has never been claimed, and has lain at the
said wharf till this date.—Notice is hereby given, that the said GUANO
will be SOLD by Public AUCTION, at the expiration of one month
from the date hereof, unless in the meantime the sams be claimed on
and in pursuance of the said warrant and ad costs and expenses paic.—
Dated thas 30th day of May. 1870.
J. and E. GOLE, Solicitors, 49, Lime-street, E.C.
1. To the JEA MERCHANES of LONDON.
(On the Reported Withdrawal of the Customary Pound Draught
Allowance on Cheats of Tea.
Gentlemen,
Respectfully beg permission to submit a few more
ebeervations to your notice on the subject of the old-standing and
customary-pound allowance on every chest ef tea. I have no wish to
beg the question, nor to ask faveurs, but simply to argue the subjecton
its own meriss. As to the turn-out of tea yon will allow, Hentlensen.
that men who have spent the best part of their lives in turning out
packages, are quite as capable of giving an opinion on that sumect as
men who trausact their business in countinz-hauses, and whe, perhaps
never turned out a dozen chests of tea in their lives. Therefore, the
retailers' authority to speak on that point is incontrovertible. Now.
Gentlemen, as to practical facts. Suppuse a retailer turns out a given
number of chests in a given space of time—say 500 cheats in six months
of 20 different sorts—how many of the 600 will be perfectly fanltless
and equal to sample, and how many will have defeets more or less?
The probability is, and it docs in fact oply too often occur, that some
£50 to 10 of the chests will, in some way or other, be defestive, to the
binjury of the retaller. The desects may not always he sufficient to com¬
plain much about, nor to demand compensation for, but still-they are
defects and against the buyer, and the most aatural remedy to counter¬
poise this is the peund daaught, which acts as a balance besween the
two parties, and has been established on sound, common-sense princi¬
ples. One-sided transactions are not good; you must have giveand¬
take, rough and smooth together, balance fairy, and make things
square, Buyers shoulduct stand to a disadvantage without a corressond¬
ing counter-balance This is nothing pew, it has been acted upon for
centuries. "Tret" is spoken of ages ago as an allowance made by
merchants to retailers for waste and so fort: our foretathers adopted
it at the fairest plan between man and man, and there can be no dount,
Gentlemen, that the system is founded on equity, reasen, and justice,
and ought on noaccoust to be ahandenes.
That the tea trade has degenerated in character during the last 10
years is evident enough. The rage for-quancity and undus haste has
dooded our market with heaps of rubbish and out of-cendition tea.
This is proved by the immense quantity of tea sold "with all faults.
meaning, of course, that it wouldn't bear scrutiny and is sot perfect;
butt Gentlemen, importing ir is fact, more or less: a master of speen¬
lation, and whatever defects these may be in the state of the testrade
in China, pray don't punish the retailer in England for it. Put the
saddle on the right horse and apply a remedy where the fault lies, and
don't stoop to inture those who do the most work for the smallest pay
ig the whole of the trade. As to the assertion that a man can de as he
fikes with bis own, and sell his goods on what terms he pleases. I deny
it? The experiance of the world contradicts it. A man may not do as
he likes even with his own goods, his own children, or his orm person,
when what he lkes contains elemenss of injustice to others, especially
when those others happen to be considerable majorities.
Oustom is prima fucie law, and a minority cart't overturn it. There
are forest rights, comyon rights, freemen's rights, Ulster-tenant
rights, and lots of others. Nearly the whole of this sessions of Parlin¬
ment bas been eccupied in making laws to prevent men frony doing
what they litke with their own property, and preserving in spirit a fair
balance of give-and-take between buyer and seller, so that the power¬
ful minority may not do as it likes to the injury of the majority. This
pound allo wance, Gentlemen, is. I repeat, an immemorial custom. It
was established before you entered the trade : you came to the custom,
not the oustum te you: you inherit it; and I deny in tote the power
and justece of a minority in any
trade to alter fundamental customs¬
which have been in existence for ages, to the great injury of the
majority, without the consent of the whole trade generally, and wilh¬
out a mutual understandipe, so as to make proper protection for one
part of the trade as well as another.
As to the wholesale houses. I hope they will help us all they can.
Their interests rests apon ours, as oursuibes upon the puiblics: what
burts one hurts the ptfar—their ledgers will shew that intime, londer
than I can, and I hope that every retail man in Englans, Itland, and
Scotland mill resolutely refuse to look at a single suumple of tea which
dues not carry the pound draught, and on no account to allow them¬
seives to be forced into a system of trade which their own experience
tells them is anjust.
If this pound dranght be withdrawn, which I lock upon as a safety
avalve to carry off the irritation of turn-ent annoyances, the houses will
have a pretty time of it. Shylosk will be at their elbous every minute
morning, noon and night to demand his bond, and the whole trade,
retaliers, wholesalers, and docks, will be everlastingly in hot water,
quarrelling and wrangling with each other from one year's end to the
other: the whble thing will be found unpracticable and tend to nothing
but constant litigation. If, howeper, the merchants feel that the pound.
draught is too much an injustice to themselves to allow on boxes of
tea, that may be a fair point for re-adjustment; but it gannot possibly
interfere with the pustice of the retailer still aving the pound draught
on ghests and half-chests.
it conclusion, Genrlemen I sincerely hope you will not attempt to
enforce a principle, which. I repeat again and again, is commercially
illegal and moraily unjist.
Yon will have the regailers against you, the whoigsale houses against
you, and the docks against you : you have Reason against you, Cus¬
tom against you, and Justice against you.
 beg to remain,-Gentlemon,
DYour most ohedient servant.
A. TEETGEN, Netail Tea Dealer, 67, Bishupsgute¬

ELKINGTON and Co., Patentees of the Electro¬
Plate, dess to impress upon public attention the fact that-all
articles of their guaranteed manufactare are distipetly stamped with
their trade mark, E. and Go under a crewn, in a shield—the represen¬
tation now so frequently made, that arpicles, often of the most inferior
description, are plated by Eskington and Co.'s process, is antirely value¬
lesd as a criterion of suglity. In the case of "Elaington v. Johnson,"
recently fried befere Vise-Chancellor James, defendant having unlaw¬
fully used, their marks, a perpetual injunction wes granted restraining
defendant from using or imitating their name or trade marks: and
Etsington and Co. give notice that they will take LEGAL PROCEED¬
INGS against all persons USING or IMITATING their NAME or
TRADE MARKS. Manufactory Newhall-street, Birmingham;
No. 29, Regent-street, London; 45, Mporgate-street, London; 25,
Ghurch-Street, Liverpool; St. Ann's-square, Manchester.
DODGE and PERRY.—Indiarubber Trade.—Messrs.
James Perry and Co., 37, Red Lionsquare, 3, Cheapride, and
No. 355, Strand, London, manufacturers, patentees, and wholesale¬
dgalers in fancy articles, having, in their Illustrated Price Current for
the month of May, inadvertently and by clercal error, inserted the
name of Mr. George Pomeroy Bodge, of the Bermendsey, Bubber
Works, S.E., and Upper Thames-street, E.C., among their list of
bankrupts, instead of as the petitioning creditor of one Charles Wigley,
bankrupt, and Mr. Dodge having generously consented to withdraw an
action commenced against Messrs. Perry and Co.upon their RECTIFY¬
ING the ERROR, by the suppression of said List, and the promment cor¬
reeton of said error in the next six editions, and by the insertien of
his advertisement, at their expense, in such London, Liverpool, and
Manchester daily papers, and such provinciz) edlonial, and foreign
papers, as he (Mr. Dodge) may require, they (Messrs. Perry) paying all
costs thereof, as well as the costs in the suit, they now have pleasure in
ascepting these terms and complying therewith by the insertion of
present and other advertisements and correctious as agreed.
 (Signed)	JAMES PERRY and Co.
MESSRS. MINTON, HOLLINS, and Co. (in cop¬
sequenre of advertisements and circulars recently issued under
the name of Minton and Co.) thing it.advigable to inform their friends
the public that NO ALTERATION has tahen place in CON¬
DUCTING the BUSINLSS at the establishment, No. 50, Corrduit¬
street. Regent-street, London, W. This business was established by
the late Mr. Herbert Minton and Mr. M. D. Hollins nearly 25 years
ago, and is now conducted solely by Mr. M. D. Hollins, late the senior
parener in the firm of Minton and Co., china and carthenware manu¬
lactarers, Stoke-upon-Trent, and sole continning partner in the firms
of Minton, Hollias, and Co., tile manufacturers, Stoke-upon-Trent,
and Minton and Co., 50, Conduit-street. Mr. Hollins retains the
whole of the moulds, designs, and engravings of the firms of Minton,
Hollins, and Co., Stoke, and Minton and Co., 50, Conduit-street.—
May 20, 1870.
THE NEW VELLUM WOVE CLUB-HOUSE
NOTE.—The unprecedented suocess realized by the Proprielors
of this incomparable PAPER has raised up a host of worthless imita¬
tions, which are offered to the unwary under similar names. Pur¬
chasers, therefore, are cautioned and particularly requested to observe,
that each sheet bears the fac-simile waternfark, "Partridge and


and sole vendora, 192, Fleet-street, E.C.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—WIDOWS' SIX¬
QUARTER QUADRUPLE CRAPE, to indicate the deepestts
——ssesse
London General Mourning Warehoure, and Messrs. JAY, wishing to

detection of any party selling as Six-quarter Quadruple Crape that
which can only he secured at their establishment. This crape is very
durable, and will neither change colour nor lose its crispuess by ex¬
posure to wet.—Jay's, the London General Mourning Warchouses,
Nos. 247, 249, and 251, Regent-street.)
