SON.—You will find LETTERS from your mother
at the G. P. O., London.
IF you could understand how earnestly I entreat vou

last notes from. Your letter will be sure to come to my hands, for the
postman will drop it into a locked letter-box, the key of which is
always in my possession. Therefore write to me fully, and I will reply
as previously. My trust in you is absolute.
IF this should MEET the EYES of HUGH SMITH,
late of Newarthill, Scotland, N.B., he is requested to COMMU¬
NICATE with his brother.
MATHEW.—I waited in vain. Why have you not
written to explain? Tell me what is the matter. Will 5 do,
tual I come up on purpose.
GRYPHON CLUB.—MEMBERS of the late Club,
at the time of the Bankruptcy of the Proprietor, and who
claim repayment of one-half of their subscriptions, are requested to
COMMUNICATE with P. Burrowes Sharkey, Clarendon-chambers,
Piccadilly
LEFT her HOME, Friday, Nov. 19th, a YOUNG
LADY, about 5ft. 2in., rather stout, fair, full face, small sore
on chin, thick light-brown hair, eut short on forehead, part hanging

plaid cape, red and black bonnet. Took with her white alpaca dress
with small violet sprigs, black velveteen jacket, black tulle bonnet
with red berries, &c. Any one who has seen her is earnestly entreated
to send information to H. H., post-office, Fleet-street.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT his HOME,
on Monday the 13th Sept. last, WM. THOMAS MASTERS, of
Malvern Link, Worcestershire, age 42, 5 feet 5 in. in height, fair com¬
plexion, light-brown hair, and sandy whiskers; had on a black and

trousers, black silk necktie, wire-brimmed, soft, deerstalker hat, and
Blucher boots; speaks rather slowly, with Herefordshire accent. Who¬
ever shall give such information as shall lead to his discovery if dead.
or restoration if alive, to his family, shall receive the above reward of
Tseemgesgasussoms
Police Station, Great Maivern, who will, on application, forward
photographs of the missing man.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—ABSCONDED,
HENRY HINE, late of 18, Orchard-street, Oxford-street, Lon¬
don, N.W. A warrant is issued against him for forgery and embezzle¬
ment. Description.—About 43 years of age, five feet four or five
inches high, black hair streaked with gray, black moustache, thick,
short whiskers, large mouth, dark complexion, very upright, with
square shoulders, irregular teath, and Roman nose a little on one side
from a blow, small hands and feet, hazel eyes, walks with a quick, short
step; generally dressed in dark cloth and frock coat, and has a Jewish
appearance. Believed that one of his children, a boy, age about 14 (small
for his age), is with him. Information to be given to Messrs. Batt and
Son, solicitors, Dyers-hall, Dowgate-hill, E.C. or to Inspector Baily,
city of London police (Detective-department), 25, Old Jewry, E.C.
CANCER HOSPITAL, London and Brompton.—
The Weekly Board ACKNOWLEDGE, with grateful thanks, a
HALF SOVEREIGN, found in the donation box, Brompton, wrapped
in paper, with the following words:—"A Governess wishes to show her
thanks to God for a great mercy, by giving a trifle to those who suffer
so much." (Inserted by a member of the Board.)
Board Room, 19th Nov., 1869.
BANK of ENGLAND FIVE POUND HALF
NOTES WANTED, Nos. Y-S 70784, Y-S 85262, Y.S 85265,
Z-5 02075, Z-S 02076. Address Joseph Jewkes, Heath-town, Wolver¬
LOST, on Saturday evening between Pall-mall and
St. John's-wood, a small DIAMOND PIN.

the same to the Bedford Hotel, Covent-garden, shall RECEIVE TWO
POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, a BUNCH of CHUBBS KEYS, on Monday,
27th Sept. last, at or near Charing-cross, or between there and
No. 337, Strand. TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD will be given if
taken to 38, Abney-road, St. John's-wood.
LOST (it is supposed in the neighbourhood of Re¬
gent-circus, Oxford-street), about 4 o'clock on Thursday after¬
noon, the 18th inst., a PLAIN-GOLD CABLE BRACELET, in case.
Whoever, finding the same, wil, take it to Smyth's millinery rooms,
No. 109, Oxford-street, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, on the 9th, between the Brecknock and
Torriano-avenue, a large DARK GREEN LEATHER PURSE
and POCKET BOOK, containing sovereigns and memoranda. Who¬
ever has found the above, and will take it to Mr. Chappell's library,
Brecknock-road, shall be suitably REWARDED.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, from a brougham,
on Monday night, the 15th inst., TWO PAIRS of BLACK
OPERA GLASSES; one pair, maker's name Chevalier. Paris; the
other smaller, with oval glasses. The finder to take them to 34, Onslow¬
gardens, S.W.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—To Parish Clerks
and others.—WANTED, the CERTIFICATE of MARRIAGE
of SAMUEL KERSLAKE to SARAH KING, widow, which took
place about 1806, 1867, or 1808, in London or its neighbourhood.
Apply to E.P., nost-oflice, Twickenham, Middlesex.
FOUND, Nov. 21st, near Roman Catholic Chapel,
Clapham, SKYE TERRIER PUP. Owner can have it on ap¬
plication at 299, Kennington-park-road, S.E.
FOUND, November 17th, in the Regent's-park, a
SMALL WHITE CURLY DOG. The owner may have the same
by applying at 36, Upper Baker-street, Regent's-park, N.W.
FOUND, a YOUNG BLACK RETRIEVER DOG,
with leather collar. If not owned before next Monday, it will be
soln to pay exbenses. Can be seen at 8, Amberley-mews, Ambericy¬
road, Maida-hill.
FOUND, on 9th Nov., a BROWN RETRIEVER
DOG, curly coat; forlowed the advertiser from Park-lane, W.;
had on leather collar and plate engraved. If not claimed within seven
days will be SOLD to defray expenises.—A. B., Ponsford's, stationers,
No. 53, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square. W.
CAPTAIN MIDDLETON returns many THANKS
to the anonymous finder of the Cigar-case, returned to 14, St.
mes's-square.
NEXT of KIN (new edition, just published).—A
classified and descriptive INDEX (of 20,000 names guaranteed)
to Advertisements for Next of Kin, Chancery Heirs, Legatees, &c.,
from 1700 to 1869, post free for 32 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER,
No. 17, Southampton-buildings, Chancer-lane, W.C.
TO HORSEDEALERS, Livery-stable Keepers, and
others.—The Greut Northern Railway Company hereby give
notice, that a HORSE, booked at and from York to King's-cress Sta¬
tion on the 28th October, and the carriage of which was paid in the
name of and for a person named Osborne, who was so meet the same
on the arrival of the train, but did not, is now standing unclaimed at
East's livery stables, York-road, King's-cross, and if NOT CLAIMED
and REMOVED, upon satisfactory proof of cwnership being given to
the Company, within seven days from the date hereof, it will be SOLD
by AUCTION, to defray the charges of keep.
By order. HENRY OAKLEY, Secretary.
King's-cross Station, London, N., November, 1869.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To ANN WARD, late of Great
trrimsby, in the county of Lincoln. Take notice, that a CITATION,
bearing date the 16th day of September, 1869, has issued under the seal
of Her Majesty's Court for nivorce and Matrimonial Causes, at the in¬
stance of Joseph Ward, of Great Grimsby, in the county of Lincoln,
watchmaker, your husband, citing you to appear in the said Court and
answer his petition, Sied in the sain Court, praying for a dissolution of
his marriage ; and such citation contains an intunation that, in default
of your so doing, the said Court will proceed to hear the said petition
proved in due course of law, and to pronounce sentence thereon, your
apsence notwithstanding. — Dated this 13th day of November, 1863.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To JOHN McLONALD, late of
No. 3, Alfred-terrace, Great Grimsby, in the county of Lincoln.—Take
notice, that a CITATION, bearing nate the 10th day of September,
1869, has issued under the seal of Her Majesty's Court for Divorce and
Matrimouial Causes, at the instance of Joseph Ward, of Great Grimsby.
in the county of Lincoln, watchmaker, citing you to appear in the said
Court, and answer his petition, filed in the said Court, praying for a
dissclution of his marriage with Ann Ward; and such citation contains
an int-mation that, in derault of your so doing, the said Court will pro¬
ceed to hear the said petition proved in due course of law; and to pro¬
nounce sentence thereon, your absence notwithstanding. —Dated this
16th day of November, 1862.	 A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
CHARLOTTE WILBY, deceased.-NOTICE to
LEGATEES.—Whereas Charlotte Wiby, late of Wortham, in
auffolk, widow, deceased (who died on the 9th day of May lnst), by her
will, dated the 7th of October, 1861, and proved by Thomas Hart, of
Wortham aforesaid, farmer, and William Cullingford, of Blo Norton,
in Norfolk, farmer, the trustees and executors therein named, in the
District Registry of Her Majesty's Court of Probate in the Western
Division of the county of Suflolk, at Bury St. Edmund's, on the 28th
day of May last, empowered her said i rustees to Sell the Delling¬
house, Garden, and Appurtenances thereunte belonging, situate at
Wortham aforesaid, wherein she then resiced, and all other her real
estate whatsoever and wheresoever. And the suid testatrix be¬
queuthed all ner personal estate unto her said trustees for sale and
conversion, as therein mentioned. And the said testatrix empowered
her said trustees to stand possessed of the net moneys to arise from the
sale and conversion of her said real and personal estate, in trust for her
three sisters—viz, Elizabeth Lines, of Fressingfield, in Suffolk, widow;
Maria, then or then late the wife of

place of abode was then unknown to the said testatrix), and Ann, the
wife of George Boby, of Foundation-street, in the parish of Saint Mar¬
garet's, Ipswich, in Suflolk, equally. And the said testatrix directed
that if the said Elzzabeth Lines, Maria Lawes, and Ann Boby, or
any or either of them, should be then dead, or me before her, then
she gave the legacy or share of such sister so dying to such her child or
chiluren as should be living at her decease and should attain the age
of 21 years or marry, if more than one equally ; but so that the child
or children of the said Elizabeth Lines, Maria Lawes, and Ann Boby
should take only such share as the said Elizabeth Lines Maria Lawes,
and Ann Boby would have taken if living. And the said testatrix de¬
clared that if her said sister, Maria Lawes, should not be heard of
for the space of five years from the said testatrix's death, or if
the children of the said Maria Lawes (if any), such children
to be entitled by operation of law to their mother's share of
testatrix's trust property, should not be heard of for the said
term of five years from testatrix's death, and the said
Maria Lawes or her children (if any), if entitied as afore¬
said, should fail or neglect within the peried aforesaid to apply
to testatrix's said trustees or trustce for the time being for
payment of her or their share of testatrix's trust property, then and
in any case thereinbefore prescribed, such share of said testatrix's
sister, Maria Lawes, or her children (if any), if entitled as aforesaid,
should, at the expiration of the period aforesaid, be beld by said testa¬
trix's trustees or trustee for the time being upon the trusts therein¬
before declared, concerning the produce of said testatrix's real and
personal estate, in lavour of said testatrix's other sisters, the said
Elizabeth Lines and Ann Boby, or their children; and whereas it is
supposed that the said Maria Lawes is now residing in the United
States of America:— Norice is hereby given, that such of the above¬
named legatees as are now living, and the issue er legal representatives
of such of the abovenamed legatees as are now dead, are required to
apply at the office of Messrs. Ashurst, Morris, and Co., 6, Old Jewry,
London, solicitors, or at the offices of Mr. J. C. Brook, of Diss, in the
county of Norfolk, solicitor, to establish their claims to the moneys to
which under the said will they may be enticied as aforesaid.—Dated

ASHURST, MORRIS, and Co., 6, Old Jewry, London,
Agents for J. C. Brook, Solicitor, Diss, Norfolk.
EDINBURGH OYSTER and MUSSEL FISHERY.
—Notice is hereby given, that the Board of Trade has settled and
made an order for the establishment and maintenance by the Right
Hon. the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the city of Edin¬
burgh, hereinafter called "The Corporation," of a several Oyster and
Mussel Fishery in those parts of the Firth of Forth situate within the
several parishes of Aberdour, Burntisland, Kinghorn, and Abbotshall,
in the county of Fife, and within the several parishes of Cramond,
North Leith, South Leith, and Duddingston, in the county of Edin¬
burgh, and containing an area of three nautical square miles and 542 deci¬
mal parts (3'542) of a nautical square mile or thereabouts, and bounded
as follows, that is to say—on the north by an imaginary straight line
drawn from the Mickry Stone to the north-west point of the island of
Inchkeith, until it intersects a straight line drawn from Nelson's Monu¬
ment, in Edinburgh, on with the Martello Tower; on the west by a
straight line drawn from the point of intersection last mentioned
to the extreme west point of the R6st; on the north by the
southern side of the Rost; on the north-east by a straight line drawn
from the extreme east point of the Rost to a point where the forthern
and south-eastern boundaries of the Oyster Scalps, at present claimed
or occupied by the Corporation, intersect each other; on the south by
a line drawn from the poi n t o
intersection last mentioned, throug n.
the south point of the island of Inchkeith, until it meets a point where
the eastern and northern boundaries of the Oyster Scalps, at present
claimed or occupied by the Duke of Buccleuch, intersect each other;
and thence by another line drawn due west from the point of inter¬
section last above mentioned to the Mickry Stone.
The order confers on the Corporation a right of several oyster and
mussel fishery within the limits above mentioned, which for all pur¬
poses of the order, and for all purposes of jurisdiction, shall be deemed
to be within the county of Edinburgh.
The order also requires that no buildings, erections, embankments,
or other works, shall at any time be commenced or executed within the
limits above described without the previous sunction and approval, in
writing, of the Board of Trade. It also requires the Corporation to
rouder certain accounts to the Board of Trade, and provides for the
inspection of the fishery, and of the books and documents of the Cor¬
poration relating thereto.
The order is to continue in operation for 60 years from its confirma¬
tion by Act of Parliament, and no longer.
The order, which is dated 12th November, 1869, and a chart of the
locality, showing the limits of the fishery, can be seen at the Custom¬
houses of Leith, Granton, Burntisland, and Kirkcaldy, and also at the
Town Clerk's office, Edinburgh, for one calendar month from the date
of this advertisement, between the hours of 10 in the forenoon and 4
in the afternoon, free of charge, and copies of the order may be ob¬
tained at the last-mentioned place, at the price of 1s. each.
J. D. MARWICK, Town Clerk of Edinburgh, Solicitor
for the Corporation.
Dated the 20th day of November, 1869.
NOTICE.—United States.—AMERICANS can have
sent to them particulars of a subject of considerable present in¬
terest by applying to John B. Day, 3, Savoy-st., Strand, London, W.C.
WOOD TAPESTRY DECORATIONS. —
HOWARD'S PATENT, No. 2, 138, superseding all other kinds.
Show rooms. 26 and 27, Berners-street, Oxford-street, W.
