M.—The English, family who jour¬
neyed through Spain the latter part of May, 1868, searching for
the grave of a relative, can obtain information thereof from Mr.
POLLAKY, Private Inquiry Office, 13, Paddington-green.
—4 A. ——S'il yous est possible, que ye vous voie
avant votre départ pour le sud, ai non, ayez soin de revenir dans
le mime etat onl vous vous rrouvez avant votre départ surtout; n'ac¬
ceptez pas; et tacheg de ne pas oublier mon existence. Envoyez mot
mueloues lignes sil vous plait.
ST. MARYS HOSPITAL, Paddington W.—The
Governors ACKNOWLEDGE with thanks the RECEIPT of a
BOX, containing old linen, some books, and a half-crown, kindly
presented to the Hospital by C. G., St. John's-wood.
May 13th, 1870. JOS. G. WILKINSON, Secretary.
LOST, in the neighbourhood of Cornwall-gardens, a
small BLACK and TAN TERRIER, with a red leather collar.
Whoever will take the same to. 24, Cornwall-gardens, shall receive
TWO POUNDS REWARL
LOST, a GOLD LOCKET, on a blue riband, on
the Metropolitan Railway, between the House of Commons and
Onsiow-square, on Thursday, May 12, between 10 and 11 p.m.
ever shall take it to 54, Onslow-square, Brompton, shall receive ONE
POUND REWARD.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, from 20, Mans¬
field-street, W., on Thursday, the 17th inst., an ISLE of SKYE

the noss, and answers to the name of Pusdy.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday
evening, May 9, 1870, either in Cremorne-gardens, or in Sealon-¬
street, a DIAMOND BROOCH, withitwo stones, one round, the other
pear shaped, set in gold, attached to a black searf. Whoever shall-tatte

THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on
Wednesday, May 4th, at the Royal Academy, or in a cab to Lowndes¬

figures. Whoover will take the same to Bolton's library, Knights¬
bridge, shall receive the above reward.
TO BANKERS and others.—TWO HUNDRED
and FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST or STOLEN, EIGHT
£100 BANK of ENGLAND NOTES, Nos. 00014 to 000 1 inclusive;
also Forty-two Bank of England Notes, for £20 each, Nos. 68709 to
68750. Payment stopped. The above reward will be paid on recovery
of the notes, if lost; or, if stolen, on recovery and conviction of the
thief. Apply to Messrs. Lewis and Lewis, solictors, Ely-place, Lon¬

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of One Dividend on the sum of
£2,180 1s. 4d. New 3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the
name of RICHARD BURROUGHS LUCAS, of King's-road,
Brighton, Esq., and which dividend was paid over to the Commis¬
sioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of its
having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1853;—Notice s
hereby given that, on the expiration of tree months from this date,
the said Dividend will be paid to Philip Inglis Page, sole executor of
Richard Burroughs Lucas, deceased, who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT of PROBATE.—
In the Goods of William Casterton, deceased.—To the next of kin
(u any) and all other persons having any interest in the personal estate
of William Casterton, late of Ange--court, Throgmorton-street, in the
city of London.— Whareas it appears by an affidavit of Mary Roushim,
of No. 177, Pentonville-road, in the county of Midelesex, sridow,
sworn on the 5th day of April, 1870, and filed in the Principal Registry of
the Court of Probate, that the said William Casterton died on the 4th
dey of August. 1847, at No. 38, North Bank, Regent's-park, a bachelor.
without parent, brother or sister, uncle or aunt, nephew or nicce.
cousin german, or any known relative, and intestate ; and that the
said Mary Rousham is the admiuistratrix of William Henry Rousham,
late of Great George-street, Euston-square, while living a creditor of
the said deceased:—All persons claiming to be NEXT of KIN of the
said WILLIAM CASTERTON are, within 39 days from the date
hereof, required to enter an appearance in the said Principal Registry
of the Court of Probate, and accept or refuse letters of administration.
of the personal estate of the said William Casterton, deceased, or
show cause why the same should not be granted to the said Mary
Rousham; and take notice, that in defauit thereof, the Judge of the
said Court, or the Registrars of the Principal Registry thereof, will
grant such letters
administration to the said Mary Rousham.—
Dated this 12th day of April, 1870.
H. L. STRONG, Registrar.
WILLIAM J. FOSTER, 6, Southampton-buildings, Chancery-¬
lane, Solicitor for the said Mary Ronsham.
WORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT
DISTRICT.—PARISH of ST. MARYABBOTTS, Kensington.—
I, the undersigned J. H. Mitchiner, Auditor of the above named dis¬
trict, do hereby give notice, that I have appointed the AUDIT of the
ACCOUNTS of the above parish, for the half-year ended 25th March,
1870, to commence on Monday, the 30th day of May inst., at 10 o'clock
in the forenoon, at the Workhouse, when and where all persons who
by law are bound to account at such audit are required to attend, and
to submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers containing or re¬
lating to the accounts or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the
relief of the poor. —Dated the 14th day of Mayy, 1870.
J. H. MITCHINER. District Auditor.
NOTICE is hereby given, that EDWIN CLARK,
of No. 5, Westminster-chambers, in the city of Westminster, Civil
Engineer, intends to apply by petition, under the 4th Section of the
Statute 5 and 6 William IV., c. 83, to Her Majesty in Council, for
PROLONGATION of his TERM of SOLE USING and VEND¬
ING his INVENTION for "Improvements in machinery or apparatus
for raising ships out of the water, for the purposes of exammation and
repair," granted to him by letters patent, bearing date the 19th day of
January, in the 20th year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria.
And notice is hereby further given, that the said Edwin Clark intends
to apply by Counsel to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, on
the 21st day of June now next, or, if the said Juniciat Committee
suall not sit on that day, at the then next sitting of the said Judicial
Committee, for a tame to be fixed for hearing the marter of his said
petition; and that, on or before the said 21st day of June next, notice
must be given of any opposition intended to be mane to the said peti¬
tion, and any person intending to oppose the said application must
lodge a caveat to that effect at the Council office on or before that
day. —Dated this 17th day of May, 1870.
CHAS. MORGAN, 15, Old Jewry, London, Solicit
Petitioner.
tothe above-name.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the CONSERVA¬
TORS of the RIVER THAMES, in exercise of the powers vested
in them by the Thames Conservancy Acts, 1857 and 1864, propose to
make the following BYE LAWS:—
I. When the tide is running and two steam vessels approaching each
other are about to round a peint, the vessel prooceding against the
tide shall ease, or, if necessary, stop until the otber versel shall have
passed clear of her At slack water steam vessels under the same cir¬
cumstances shall be considered as meeting ships and navigated as
required by the 13th Article of the Steering and Sailing Rules for Pre¬
venting Collisions at Sea.
2. Any person committing any breach of or in any way infringing
this bre law, shall be liable to a penalty of and shall forfei a sum not
exceeding £5..
said penaity shall be recovered, enforcod, and ap¬
plied according to the provisions of the said Thames Conservatory
Acts.
All persons desiring to make objections to or representations respect¬
ing the proposed Bye Laws must make such objections or representa¬
tions, in writing or otherwise, on or before the 24th day of June next;
and a special Meeting of the said Conservators will be held at their
office, No. 41, Trinity-square, Tower-hill, at 11 o'clock in the forenoon,
on Monday, the 13th day of June next, to afford persons an oppor¬
tunity of personally making to them any objection or representation
respecting the proposed Bye Laws.
E. BURSTAL, Secretary.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENEY and SON, bears
the label, used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby."
CAUTION.—CHUBB'S PATENT SAFES, for
effectually securing books, deeds, cash, plate, and jewels, from
fire and burgiars, can be obtained in London only, at Chubb and Son's,

CAUTION.—JOHN WILLIAM ROPE, Cook and
Confectioner, 27 and 28, Hyde-park-place, W., near the Marble¬
Arch, begs to inform his patrons that he has no connexion with any
other house of business in the same na iind
CAUTION.—HOWARDS PATENT EASY
CHAIRS and SOFAS. All of genuine manufacture have a label
attached, with number of patent and address of patentee, 25, 26 and 27,
terners-street, Oxford-street, W., and Cleveland Works.
CAUTION.—VOIGTLANDERS OPERA and
RACE GLASSES. The genuine bear the following inscription
on the stides—"Callaghan, sole agent, 23a, New Bond-street, corner of
Conduit-street." By appointment. N. B. Prices now reduced.
CAUTION.—The LITTLE STRANGER, the best
and cheapest hand lock-stitch (shuttle) SEWING MACHINE
Sote agents for London and the home oountres, S. W. SILVER and
Co., 2. 3, and 4. Bishopsgate within, and.

CCAUTION. —Ladies are informed that the only bona¬
fide improvements in SIDE SADDLES for hunting, India, and
cotonies, have been made and registered by Messrs. LANGDON, Duke¬
street, Manchester-square, London.
CAUTION.—CHAVASSE and Co. are the sole
manufacturers of the American Dry Cold Air Ventilating Re¬
frigerators, the Star Washing Machines, and other best patented
American inventions for promoting economy, cleanliness, and comfort
in the household.—505, Oxford-street, W.C. (near Mudie's Library).
CAUTION.—BETTS'S CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of capsules made in contravention
of his rignts, which necessarily are numerous, Betts being the original
inventor and sole maker in the United Kingdom.—1, Wharf-road, City¬
road, Lonton; and Bordeaux, France.—April 8, 1869.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their¬
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted and registered achromatic lenses should

eet, Piccadilly.
CAUTION.—PANCREATIC EMULSION and
PANCREATINE.—We hereby caution the public against in¬
ferior preparations of the above Medicines. Purchasers should see
that each bottle bears our name and trade mark.
SAVORY and MOORE, 143, New Bond-street, London.
March, 1870.
CAUTION.—lee Safes or Refrgerators.—The new
DUPLEX REFRIGERATOR, combining every modern im¬
provement, registered 17th March, 1862.—Notice is hereby given, that
proceedings will be taken against any one INFRINGING upon the
Company's rights under the registration by the sole makers, the
WENHAM LAKE ICE COMPANY, 140, Strand, London, W.C
CAUTION.—Patterns Free.—D. NICHOLSON and
Co, beg to inform their customers and ladies generaily that from
them alone can PATTERNS of all the NEW SILKS, Cambrics, and
Dress Fabrics be obtained, arranged in the new Registered Pian, by
which every pattern can be seen at a-glance.—Nos. 50 to 52, St. Paul's
churchyard. Ladies are lnvited to write for patterns.
CAUTION.—LIGHT HICKORY CARRIAGES.
H. MULLINER, Leamington Carriage Works, finds it necessary
to state that it was he who exhibited the very Light Hickory Phacton,
painted black and gold relief, and also the Light Hickery Whitechapel
Cart, at the Great Exhibition, Paris, 1867, and received the Prize
Medal for them. Also, that he has no other establishment them Lea¬
mington Sps, and 24, Baker-street, London.
CAUTION.—LLOYD'S EUXESIS, for Shaving
without Soap or Water.—Officers, sportsmen, travellers, and the
public in general are CAUTIONED to observe that the only genuine
Euxesls is that manufactured by the widow of A. S. Lloyd, and is to
be had wholesalo and retail at the depot. 3, Spur-street, Leicester-s.
(Signed)
A LLOYD, widow of A. S. Lloyd.
N.B. The words "Prepared by his widow" are in raised letters on
top of each tube of genuine Enxests.
CAUTION.—The UNITED KINGDOM HAVANA
CIGAR ASSOCIATION, having discovered that cigars of inie¬
rior kinds are frequently sold as theirs, give notice that their regis¬
tered brands—Para la Nobleza, Bueno y Barato, Para Conocederes,
El Bocado Delicado, Mejor no Hay—can only be obtained of the accre¬
dited agents in the provinces, or at their offices, 75, Mark-lane, Lon¬
don. Any one giving such information as shall icad to the conviction
of any person or persons vending spurious cigars purporting to be of
the Association's brands shalt be fully 
CAUTION.—Ice, Safes.—Important to persons re¬
quiring ASH'S PATENT FILTERING REFRIGERATOR.—
These Filtering Ice Safes having a world-wide reputation on account
of their great superiority to any others, the Piston, Freezing Machine
nd ice Company find it necessary to CAUTION the public against
IMITATIONS with a similar name, now frequently offered for sale,
which are not only inferior in construction, but totally different in
principle. Ash's Patent Filtering Refrigerator is manufactured solely
by the Piston Freexing Machine and lce Company, and can be seen in
action at their offices, 314 and 3156, Oxford-street, near Harowood-gate
CAUTION.—LLOYD'S EUXESIS, for Shaving
without Soap or Water.—The public are hereby informed that in
pursuance of a decretal order of the Court of Chancery, made in a suit
for the administration of the estate of the late Andrew Solomon Lloyd,
we have purchased of the executrix the business curried on by the late
A. S. Lloyd as a perfumer, together with the excinaive right to and in¬
terest in the article known as "Lloyd's Euxesis." We therefore cantion.
the public that the genuine Lloyd's Euxesis bears only the original
signature and laddress, namely, "A. S. Lloyd, No. 27, Glasshouse¬
street," where it can be obtained as formert
H R. HOVENDEN and SONS, 27, Glasshouss-street, Regent¬
street, London, W.
CAUTION.—E. MOSES and SON beg to inform the
pesa
ed and registered a TRADE¬
MARK, consisting of the word¬
The Standard," with the initials
NE. M. and S." underneath, and that henceforward every article of
clothing manu e
mowill have a label or ticket attached to
priat ed t.
11, with the sald tr d e ae.
No on. All persons are hereby
cantioned against imitating the said trade-mark.—E. Moses and Son,
merchant tailore and outitters for all classes.
L
London New Oxford-street, corner of Hart-street.
taeneamn-courte,
Corner of
dand Euston-road.

