MR. JOHN HALL, late of Pond-place, Chelsea,
is requested to CALL upon Mr. R—, South Lambeth.
LOST, on Friday last, about 2 o'clock (supposed to

memgase¬
Rawlinson, 28, Cannon-street, city, shall receive ONE POUND RE¬
WARD.
LOST, on Friday night, during the fire at West
Kent-wharf, near St. Saviour's Church, a MOROCCO POCKET¬
Lseesa
use but to the owner. TEN SHILLINGS win be given to any person
bringing the same to A. B., 148, Cheapsico.
LOST, on the 16th inst., between Portland-place and

square, a GOLD BRACELET, with a gold coin attached. Whoever
brings the same to Brooks office, 24, Old Cavendish-street, W., will re¬

LOST, on Thursday, August 16, between the Qua¬
drant, Regent-street, and Victoria Hotel. Euston-square, or in
a cab, a short GOLD and BLUE ENAMEL CHAIN, with medallion,
having a spray of very small diamonds, and key and seal pendant,
eseas
Dorset-square, Regent's-park, shall
receive TWO GUINEAS REWARD.
LOST, on Friday, the 10th inst., a small BROWN
PORTMANTEAU, with the letters "M. C. B." on a brass
plate. Supposed to hve been left in a cab that conveyed two ladies
from Westbourne-place, Eaton-square, to the Paddington Station¬
The cab was hired from the stand in Sloane-square. ONE POUND
REWARD.—24, Westbourne-place, Eaton-square.
DOG LOST (TWO POUNDS REWARD), on the
afternoon of the 4th inst., from the King's-cross Station—a tho¬
rough-bred, liver coloured, English retriever dog—no white marks.
The above reward will be paid to any one bringing the dog to Mr.
Richard Williams, Inspector of Police, King's-cross Station.
STOPPED, on the 3d inst., a DIAMOND PIN.
Supposed to have been stolen. The owner can have it by apply¬
ing to Mr. A. W. H. Folkard, Commercial-road.
BOX, containing five brooches, LEFT, in a Hansom
cab, at the corner of Mincing-lane, on Monday, the 6th August.
at 2.30 p.m. Whoever takes them to 8, Birchin-lane, shall receive ONE
POUND REWARD. A letter addressed to A. B. C., post office,
No. 27, Cornhill, will find the advertiser.
FOUND, at the Crystal Palace, August 8, a GAR¬
NET BROOCH. The owner can have the same by sending an
accurate description and design and by paying for this advertisement.
Direct to W. J., post-office, Hampton-wick.
WANTED, the EXECUTORS of the late J. H.
JOY, Esq., of Hartham-park, Wilts, who died at his residence
in London, in the year 1840. Address R. S., Bear Inn, Box, near Chip¬
penham.
MISSING FRIENDS.—Persons desirous of com¬
municating with friends in

or otherwise, should apply to Mr. G. STREET, 30, Cornhill, E.C.
NOTICE.—Unless the GOODS deposited by WM.
HARDY, at 31, Market-street, Manchester, are REDEEMED
on or before Tuesday, the 21st inst., they will be SOLD by AUCTION.
COLKESTONE, Hythe, Sandgate, and Shorncliffe
REGATTA (under distinguished patronage), Tuesday, August 23,
1860 (wind and weather permitting).—Prizes value £163 15s. will be

£60 in prizes by the Member for the Borough (Baron M. A. Roths¬
child. M.P.) Four military bands, and at dusk a grand display of
fireworks by Baker and Sons, of Victoria park, London. GILBERT
KENNICOTT, R.N., Mayor, Chairman. Wm. Venables, Hon. Sec.,
to whom all communications are to be addressed. There will be
excursion trains from London to all stations on the line.
IDME. TUSSAUD's HISTORICAL GALLERY,
Baker-street.—Great Attraction.—A full-length portrait model of
Lord Clyde, the pacificator of India, and Garibaldi, the Italian patriot,
have been added to the interesting collection of historical celebrities,
with Stephen, grandson of William I., in the quaint costume of the
period. Admission, 1s.; extra room, 6d. Open from 11 till 10.
NOTICE.—Madame CAPLIN begs to inform
her patrons, that her ANATONIDAL and PHYSIOLOGICAL
GALLERY is CLOSED for the season, and will re-open again in
October, of which due notice will be given in future advertisements.
—58, Berners-street.
WIZARD JACOBS, who is now performing in
Hallfax, Nova Scotia, will remain there during the visit of
H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, and then return and make a short TOUR
through the principal cities of England, previous to finally retiring from
hislprofession.
MR. W. S. WOODIN, with his OLIO of ODDI¬
TIES, at Guernsey, August 20th, 21st, 22d, 23d, and 24th;
Jersey, 27th, 28th. 29th, and 30th; Ottery St. Mary, September 5th;
Sidmouth, 6th; Exmouth, 7th: Dawlish, 8th; Teignmouth, 10th;
Torquay, 11th; Dartmouth, 12th; Totness, 13th; Modbury, 15th.
BURFORD's PANORAMA of ROME, Ancient
and Modern (drawings by himself), from the Tower of the Capitol),
is now OPEN, embracing all the recent Excavations in the Forum.
Venice and Switzerland open daily from 10 till dusk. Admission 1s. each
view. Schools and children half price.—Panorama Royal, Leicester-sq.
WASHINGTON FRIEND's 5,000 miles in CA¬
NADA and the UNITED STATES, with his Songs and Melo¬
dies inow visited by His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales), inolud¬
ing the Falls of Niagara, River St. Lawrence Tubular Bridge, &c.,
which has already delighted 49,870 persons at St. James's-hall, Picca¬
dilly. Stalls, 3s. ; area, 2s.; gallery, 1s. Daily at 3 and 8 o'clock.
SICILY, Italy, and China.-GREAT GLOBE.—
New DIORAMAS of the WARS in CHINA and in ITALY—
Sites and Scenes in India—The Campaign in Italy—Nangasaki, Japan,
Australia—A Tour up the Rhine—Lectures on Italy Savoy, Sicily, and
Syria—Model of the Earth. Open from 10 a.m. till 10 p.m. Admission
to the whole building, 1s. —Leicester-square.
ZOOLOGICAL-GARDENS, Regent's-park.—OPEN
DALLY, admission 1s. On Mondays and on Saturdays during
the present month, 6d. An official Guide Book is sold in the Gardens,
price 6d.
ROYAL ALHAMBRA PALACE, Leicester¬
square : Proprietor, Mr. E. T. SMITH.—Cirque Imperial.—
"Wonders never cease." Novelty succeeds novelty in rapid succession.
Every day at 2, and evening at 8. The performances in the arena
will embrace the following talent: The renowned artistes, the
Brothers Berri, the marvellous Gymnasts—Herr Christoff, the Phe¬
nomenon, the most extraordinary performer on the sue-le-corde in
the world—The Tribe of Arabs of the Desert—Mr. James Cooke,
the Great English Horseman and Champion Vaulter, the only artist
who ever attempted the feat of leaping over eleven horses—Mdile.
Josephine, the greatest Bare-back Equestrienne in the world—Mdlle.
Clementine, the most fascinating Scene-Act Rider in Europe—
Romeo, the wonderful Somersault Act Rider; and Luigi, the great
Bare-back Vaulter, &c.—Clowns: Tom Matthews, the Grimaldi of the
Day; Harry Croueste, the original Queen's Jester—French Grotesques,
Mons. Oriel and H. Lupino. Equestrian Director. Mr. J. Schaplin;
Managing Director, Mr. Van Hare. Reduced prices:—Galleries, 6d.;
pit, 1s.; boxes, 2s.; reserved seats 2s. 6d.; stalls, 3s. ; private boxes,
10s. 6d. and £1 1s. Excursion parties, schools, societies, and charitable
institutions treated with on liberal terms, on application to Mr. Van
Hare, Managing Director.
ROYAL ALHAMBRA PALACE: Proprietor,
E. T. SMITH.—The proprietor has much pleasure in informing
the public that he has purchased, at an outlay of £3,000, one of the
greatest living wonders and curiosities of the age, a PERFORMING
HIPPOPOTAMUS. This amphibious animal was captured in the
month of April, 1858, but a narrative of the capture by Mr. John
Petherick, Her Majesty's Consul for the Londan States, may be
amusing to the visitors of this elegant edifice : Since the year 1853 I
have devoted six or seven months of that and each succeeding year in
exploring the unknown regions of Central Africa. My starting point
Khartoum,, a town of 60,000 inhabitants, the capital of seven
provinces, dependent on Egypt, called the Loudan, between 13
and 20 degrees N. latitude, and 27 to 36 degrees E. longitude.
Leaving Khartoum and navigating the White Nile to between
9 and 10 deg. of North latitude, a narrow channel, for the most
part overgrown with reeds, which by former Nile travellers had been
considered unnavigable, attracted my attention, and pursuing it—not
without difficulty finding a passage through various narrow openings
in a forest of high reeds—Idiscovered this to be the connexion between
a large lake and the Nile, of which it is one of the most important
feeders hitherto known. Its waters ornament several promontories
and islands, more or less wooded by the acacia, mimosa, and sycamore.
but little frequented by man, literally are swarmed by crocodiles and
hippopotami; the latter in particular having made many rude attempts
to dispute the passage over their hitherto secluded home by attacking
my boat, battering ram fashion, both under and on the surface of
the water, and on one occasion, to the surprise and horror of all on
board, a huge beast, suddenly raising half its great caroase, with an
agility hardly to be expected, out of the water close under the larboard
bow, carried off my unfortunate cook from the gunwale, on which
his back to the water, he was sitting, one bite of his powerful jaws
severed his body in two at the waist. It was here, while returning in
the month of April, in the year 1858, from the regions of
the equator, when I founded an establishment of 25 armed men whom
I brought with me (a part of a numerous escort from Khartoum), while
the lake, according to the information received from the negroes of
the Raik tribe inhabiting its southern confines, from its continued
drainage into the Nile, after a more than usually dry season, was much
lower than it had been known for many years, that the lookout at the
mast-head, almost frantic with excitement, sung out" a young nippo¬
potamus, and pointing to the reeds, within a few yards of which wewere
sailing, a dozen sailors leapt into the water and, disappearing in the thick
herbage, soon returned, one of them grasping in his arms a young
animal about the size of a spaniel dog; they both kept affoat,
and propelled themselves towards the boat amid the shoutings and re¬
joicings of their brave fellow companions. The unexpected but wel¬
come guest was reared with milk, and was treated with all the atten¬
tion we could bestow upon it. An Arab, Salaama by name, one of the
most intelligent servants, was appointed to administer to the wants
and look after the animal, who from that time to the present has been
its constant attendant, and never, I believe, was there more attach¬
ment to man shown by any animal than exists between Bucheel (the
Arabic for "fortunate" or, according to the manner of expression,
lucky dog'), the name given to the young hippo by its keeper
Salaama. This enormous quadruped is a native of Africa, and is
always found either in water or in its near vicinity. In
abeolute height it is not very remarkable, as its legs are
extremely short but the actual bulk of its body is very
great indeed. The average height of a full-grown hippopotamus
is about 5 feet. Its naked skin is a dark brown, curiously marked,
with innumerable lines like those on crackle chins or oil paintings.
The mouth is enormous, and its size is greatly increased by the odd
manner in which the jaw is set in the head. The tusks have a terriffic
appearance, but are solely intended for cutting grass and other vegetable
substances, and are seldom employed as weapons of offence, except
when the animal is wounded or otherwise irritated. Although in its
native river the female hippopotamus is a most kind and affectionate
mother, the tame animal does not display such excellent qualities.
The female hippopotamus in the Jardin des Plantes in Paris has twice
been a mother, and twice has killed her offspring. On the last occa¬
sion she appeared to have been selzed with a sudden fit of anger, for
the marks of her teeth were only too plain on the poor little beast when
its dead body was discovered, and her tusks had penetrated into its
lungs. On the first occasion she killed it from sheer awkwardness,
and after carrying it about on her neck in the proper manner, she
bruised it so severely in her clumsy efforts to teach her offspring the
proper mode of getting out of the bath that it never recovered from the
hurts which it received. The hippopotamus has for years been extinct
in Europe, but the fossil remains of the animal are found abundantly
in London clay, showing that, in some remote age, the hippopotamus
must have traversed the plains of England and wallowed in its rivers.
There is another species of hippopotamus, which is smaller than that
which has just been described, and is termed hippopotamus liberiensis.
The hippopotamus has nothing in common with the river horse. He
seems to us an aquatic pig, or four-footed land porpoise ; in fact, he
appears to partake of the wild boar, the bull, and the porpoise, the
latter predominatingat present; but when he gets his tusks we much fear
there will be an alteration in his manners for the worst. As to his event¬
ual size the prospect is alarming. He is at present only a few months
old, and he will continue growing till he is 15 years of age. A full¬
grown hippopotamus generally yields about 2,000lb, weight of fat,
which is saited, and much esteemed. In Africa it is compressed, and a
mild oil drawn from it, which is considered a certain remedy for
diseases in the breast. In Angola, Congo, Elmina, and the western
coasts of Africa they look upon him as an inferior deity. P. Labat
considered that the animal had sufficient intelligence to let himself
bleed when necessary, and perform the operation of rubbing himsell
against a sharp-pointed rock, and when he thinks he has bled enough
rolis himself in the mud until he has stopped the wound; and it has
been affirmed that the Indian painters make use of his blood as one of
their colours. He does the most injury when he can rest himself
against the earth, but when he floats in the water he can only bite ; he
has been known to upset a boat of six men, by lifting it out on his back.
The hippopotamus has been mentioned in the earllest ages in
sacred writings by the name of behemoth, and his figure engraved
upon the pillars of Egypt: Aristotle scarcely mentions him. Mr. Bruce

Tzana, in Upper Abysainia. Dr. Klookner, in his transiation printed at
Amsterdam, stated that this beast deserved the most particular atten¬
tion, being five cubits long, with cloven feet, like ruminating animals, and


L


semsemstee
seceennnsesssenusecoses

trusts that the same number will view this extraordinary performing
gtescae

and from 8 till 11 o'clock. The various perfermances will be continued,
adding amuzement, instruction, and enjoyment to the old and young.
daily. Every novelty that can be procured for the public will be pur¬
chased and produced, no matter at what expense, and the charge will
be 6d. and upwands, according to the means of the visitors. The hip¬
popotamus will, as nearly as possible, be exhibited at 3 o'clock daily, and
at 9 o'clock at night. Reserved seats and private boxes can be booked
during the day at the Alhambra. The public are earnestly solicited to
witness this exhibition of the greatest living wonder of the age, more
especially as such another opportunity may never occur, for, in all
human probability, this will be the last hippopotamus brought to this
country, as Mr. Petherick, the Consul, deciared that the expense of
bringing the animal to England cost double the amount he had received
for it. This the reader will more readily credit after perusing Mr.
Petherick's interesting account of its capture and transport, which is
sold in the Alhambra Palace for 2d, each.
