EVER THE SAME.

INFORMATION WANTED.—FRANK WALKER
left Raleigh, North Carolina, United States of America, about
12 years ago. INFORMATION concerning him is desired by his
mother, Mary E. Walker, Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States
of America. — December 25, 1865.
PERSONS of the NAMES of JENNINGS, Jenyns,

mens, Bruce, Curzon, Finch, Haumer, Howe, Hussey.

and Seames are hereby informed that some valuable INFORMATION,
which may be very greatly to their advantage, is now published in
"Researches respecting Family History, Unclaimed Property, and
Estates in Abeyance.
Price 5s., or by post 62 postage stamps. Ad¬
dress J. H. Fennell, 49, Milbank-street, Westminster, S.W.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD. —WILLIAM
HUGH DENNIS ABSCONDED from his employers on or
about the 19th October last. Whoever will give such information as
may lead to his apprehension shall receive the above reward. Descrip
tion:—Age 30, height 5 feet 9 inches, fair complexion, light hair,
whiskers straggling: dressed in gray Melton shooting coat, pockets
with flaps on hips, dark vest and trowsers. Information to be given to
the Superintendent, St. Giles's Station, W.C.; or to Jas. Shoolbred
and Co., 155, Tottenham-court-road,
SHOULD this MEET the EYE of the GENTLE¬
MAN who, on the evening of Thursday, the 18th inst., witnessede.
the ACCIDENT to a LADY, who was knocked down by a cab whilst
crossing over from the corner of Waterloo-place, Regent-street, to¬
wards the Guards' Memorial, he is requested to accept of this noti¬
fication as a small but heart-felt RECOGNITION of his very
KIND CONDUCT on that occasion, in having not only rendered the
promptest assistance, but also placed her in a cab, the fare of which
he himself pre-paid, declining to receive the amount when proffered
by the lady. — January 25, 1866.
LOST, DOCK WARRANT. Particulars as fol
lows:—Cask stopped. Spirit Vt., London Docks. Ex Cadiz,
Captn. Dale, from Charente. Entered by S. R. Clarke, 14th Feb., 1859.
Marked C in a diamond, with four O's under the same; numbered
Two. One hhd., Brandy. Deliverable to J. R. Wright and Co. Ap¬
ply to Baker and Co., 1, Castle-court, Birchin-lane.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in Hyde-park,
on Tuesday, January 23d, a SMALL DARK GRAY WIRY¬
HAIRED SCOTCH TERRIER, called "Snap." He had on a collar
with owner's name and address, 83, Eaton-place. Whoever will bring
him to 83, Eaton-place, shall receive the above reward.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday
evening, at the Covent-garden Theatre or between the Theatre and
the Waternoo Station, or in the ladies waiting room, a PLAIN GOLD
CROSS, engraved under the arms of the cross with initials and date,
knotted upon a linked gold chain. Whoever will bring the same to
No. 12, Philpot-lane, E.C., shall receive the above rewar
TWO THOUSAND POUNDS BILL of EX¬
CHANGE LOST, in transmission through the post; drawn by
the National Bank of Commerce, New York, January 2d, on Glyn
and Co., London, in favour of Phelps, James, and Co., and accepted
January 15th. Payment stopped. Whoever returns the same to
Phelps, James, and Co., Liverpool, will be suitably rewarded.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday
evening, the 26th inst., between Waterloo Station and Gloucester¬
place, a PORTMANTEAU, having on it a plate with name, and a
railway label of "Wool to Waterloo." The above reward will be paid
to whoever brings the same, with contents complete, to 33, Gloucester¬
place, Portman-squar.
STOLEN, from the steward's room, at the Oxford
Union Society, on Tuesday, January 16th, 106 PENNY POST¬
AGE STAMPS, each stamp having the impression O. U. S. upon it.
Any communication on the subject to be addressed to the steward,
Union Society, Oxford,
PART of a DIAMOND ORNAMENT STOPPED,
by Mr. Walter, pawnbroker, 106, Aldersgate-street, city, the per¬
son presenting it saying it was picked up in the street. Apply as above.
NOTICE.—f JOHN TULK (late tenant of 17, Shep¬
herds-court, Shepherd's-market, Mayfair) does not REMOVE
the GOODS left there by him in seven days from this date, they will
be SOLD to pay expens
S.
NEXT of KIN.—Famihles considering themselves
entitled to any property left unclaimed, at home or abroad, be¬
tween 1750 and 1865, may procure information upon application, by
letter only, addressed "Colonial Agency," 10, Glocester-street, Queen¬
square, W.C. Property recovered on commission, Established 25
years, at Clarendon-chambers. Applications free.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of ton dividends on the sum of
£12 4s. Consolidated Long Annuities, heretofore standing in the name
of GEORGE VESEY, deceased, late servant to Lord Rodney, Pall¬
mall, and which dividends were paid over to the Commissioners for
the Reduction of the National Debt in consequence of the first thereof
having remained unclaimed since the 10th October, 1855;—Notice
is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Dividends will be paid to Prudence Vesey, widow, the
administratrix, with the will annexed, of George Vesey, who has
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and
make out his claim thereto.
ELEANOR PARCELL, deceased.—John Par¬
cell and George Parcell, brothers of the deceased, and
wno, between the years 1830 and 1836 are supposed to have left
this country for some part of America, or their legal personal repre¬
sentatives, and other persons claiming to be NEXT of KIN of the said
ELEANOR PARCELL, late of No. 1, Upper Queen's-buildings,
Brompton Middlesex, spinster (who died on or about the 23d day of
April. 1857), are, pursuant to an order made in the several matters of
the Trustee Relief Act, and of the estate of Eleanor Parcell, deceased,
and of the estate of James Jennings, deceased, by their solicitors, on
or before the 1st day of March, 1866, to come in and prove their claims
at the chambers of the Vice-Chancellor Stuart, in fld-buildings, Lin¬
coln's-inn, Middlesez; or, in default thereof, they will be peremptorily
excluded from the benefit of the said order. Saturday, the 10th day of
March, 1866, at 12 o'clock at noon, at the said chambers, is appointed
for hearing and adjudicating upon the said claims, Dated this 18th
day of January, 1860.
ROBT. W. PEAKE, Chief Clerk.

RIVER DERWENT FISHERY DISTRICT, East
Riding of the county of York.—Salmon Fishery Act, 1865.—
Notice is hereby given, that the Right Hon. Sir George Grey, Bart.,
one of Her Mayesty's principal Secretaries of State, has granted a
CERTIFICATE, of which the following is a copy:—
"Salmon Fishery Act. 1865.
"The limits of the Fishery District of the River Derwent shall be
as follows:—So much of the River Derwent and its Tributaries as is
situate within the county of the East Riding of York, and also so
much of the Estuary of the River Ouse as lies between its juuction
with the River Derwent and the west side of the Trent Falls, as laid
down on the map deposited in the office of the Clerk of the Peace
for the county of the East Riding of York. I do hereby certily
that the fishery district above described is duly formed by me.—Given
under my hand this 18th day of January, 4866.
Homeonfic
"G. GREY."
By order, GEO. LEEMAN, Clerk of the Peace
of the said Riding.
Clerk of the Peace-office, Beverley, Jan. 24, 1866.
IN the PROVINCIAL PARLIAMENT of
CANADA.—Session 1866.—BY ESTATE.—Notice is hereby given,
that APPLICATION is intended to be made to the Provincial Parlia-¬
ment of Canada in the ensuing Session for leave to introduce a BILL
for the following, among other purposes, viz:—
To confirm a certain indenture of settlement, dated the 31st day of
October, 1856, executed by Charlotte Henderson, the late wife of
Charles Cooper Henderson, of Lower Halliford, in the county of Mid¬
dlesex, Esq. (among other property) an undivided moiety of certain
land and hereditaments, situate in By Town otherwise Ostaws City,
and elsewhere, in the late Province of Upper Canada (now called
Canada West), commonly known as the By property; and also a certain
other indenture, dated the 25th day of September, 1865, whereby
(among other things) new trustees of the said indenture of settle¬
ment were appointed.
To vest the entirety of such portions of the aforesaid land and here¬
ditaments as now remain unsold in the said new trustees, with powers
of selling and managing the same.—Dated this 11th day of December,
1865.
 and H. TYLEE, WICKHAM, and MOBERLY.
No. 14, Essex-street, Strand, W.C., Solicitors for the Petitioners.
L. CLAYPOLE.— Any person having any CLAIM
against Mr. JOHN LILLEYMAN CLAYPOLE are requested
to forward the particulars of the same to Messrs. Atchison and Hatha¬
way, 12, Bedford-row, W.C., for the purpose of settlement.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—The Society of Arts having
awarded their silver medal and prize of 20 guineas to Messrs.
PARKINS and GOTTO, of 25, Oxford-street, for their 2s. WRITING-¬
CASE (of which 400,000 have been sold), for its utility, durability, and
cheapness, the public are hereby CAUTIONED against various imita¬
tions of the same, none being genuine unless stamped "Parkins and
Gotto," with a crown above. The Postmaster-General permits this par¬
ticular case to pass through the post for four
tamps.
REMOVAL.—Pure Water.—The LONDON and
GENERAL WATER PURIFYING COMPANY (Limited) have
REMOVED their offices and depot to 157, Strand, where their Patent
Cistern Filters, which are self-acting and require no attention on the
part of servants, can be seen in operation, together with testimonials
from Dr. Letheby and other eminent authorities.
MR. AGUILAR begs to announce his REMOVAL
from Westbourne-square to 17, Glocester-cres
cent, Hyde-park, W.
NOTICE.—Miss PELZER, protessor of the piano,
guitar, and singing, has REMOVED to 83, Great Portland¬
street, W.
PHRENOLOGY.—A skilful report of the mental
and physical organization of boys in particular may, be of great
value in their education and ultimate direction. Dr. DONOVAN may
be CONSULTED on these important subects.—School of Phrenology,
No. 111, Strand.
THE RANTOONE.—Many gentlemen having
expressed a wish to give the RANTOONE a trial, and being unable
to visit London to test its superiority over the velocipede, induces me
to offer the following proposition—on receipt of 12 guineas, a rantoone
(adult size) will be forwarded to the party purchasing, who is at liberty
to return it to London, carriage paid, within one month after dite
of purchase ; on receipt of which a cheque will be forwarded for the
amount paid, less two guineas, charge for packing, re-painting, &c.
Rantoones cannot be sent out on approval after the 1st of March next.
CHARLES POMEROY BUTTON, 142 and 143, Cheapside, London,
January 24, 1866.
FUNERALS.—SHILLIBEER's inclusive system
of fixed charges adapted to every class. Useless expense sedulously
avoided. No extra charge within 10 miles.—City-road, near Finsbury¬
square ; and North-street-quadrant, Brighton. Established 1841, and
celebrated as the first to adopt funeral reform.
ECONOMIC FUNERAL COMPANY (Limited).—
Funerals conducted in the best style, and with superior appoint¬
ments, at one-half the usual cost. Sole offices, 28, New Bridge-street,
Blackfriars, and 32, Baker-street, W.
ALEXIS BONO, Manager.
MONUMENTAL STUDIO and SHOW ROOMS.
opposite the Marble Arch.—MONUMENTS, Tablets, &c., exe¬
cuted in the best manner, by J. CURRIE, sculptor, 240, Oxford-street,
W. Imperishable inscriptions in solid lead
MONUMENTAL BRASSES, Crosses, and
Inscription Plates for CHURCHES, arms, crests, and mono¬
ams engraved on seals, dies, and silver plate. Crests, 6s.: book plates,
12s.—E. MATTHEWS, heraldic engraver, 377, Oxford-street. Esta¬
blished 1810.
LONUMENTAL SCULPTURE.—The Carrara
Marble Works: established 1820.—Monuments, Tablets Tomb
Memorial Crosses, &c.—INSCRIPTIONS rendered IMPERISHABLE
by LETTERS in SOLID LEAD. Export orders.—T. GAFFIN,
No. 63, Quadrant, Regent-street, W. Manufactory, Westminster, S.W.
COX and SON's CATALOGUE of MONUMENTS,
tomb rails, headstones, memorial brasses, &c., designed by eminent
architects, with prices, sent for six stamps. The modern progress of
ecclesiology has led to a general condemnation of the barbarous taste
which formerly prevailed in this respect, and to a desire for the adoption
of more correct forms. The present catalogue is a contribution to¬
wards this desideratum, and as the designs here illustrated are exe¬
cuted at Messrs. Cox and Son's own workshops, they can combine
economy of production with excellency of workmanship and materials.
—Cox and Son, ecclesiastical warehouse and show rooms, 28 and 29,
Southampton-street, Strand: manufactory, Belvedere-road, Lambeth.
FOR FAMILY ARMS (Lincoln's-inn Heraldic
Office), send name and county. Sketch, 3s. 6d., or stamps. Arms
painted and quartered, and engraved on seals, dies, &c. Monograms
designed. Bookplates, &c. Hatchments and monumental brasses.—
PUGH, BROTHERS, Great Turnstile, Lincoln's-inn, London
FOR FAMILY ARMS, send name and county to
CULLETON's Heraldic office. Plain sketch, 3s. 6d.; coloured,
6s.; arms, crest, and motto nicely painted in correct heraldic colours,
12s.; the arms of man and wife blended together; the proper heraldic
colours for servants' liveries; correct information how to obtain a new
grant of arms, the cost of same; pedigrees traced, and wills searched.
Just complete, a valuable Index, containing the arms of nearly evers
family in the kingdom, extracted from various records, and nowhere
else to be found. The Manual of Heraldry, 400 engravings, 3s. 6d.
Book of Family Arms, Crests, &c., now ready. 3,000 engraved coats,
embossed in wvarious colours, price seven guineas, by T. Culleton, seal
engraver, 25, Cranbourn-street, corner of St. Martin's-lane.
MONOGRAMS.—Messrs. JENNER and KNEW¬
STUB, by special appointments to the Prince and Princess of
Wales, having greatly enlarged their workshops are enabled to pro¬
duce in still greater numbers their world famous MONOGRAM DIES
for stamping paper. The most elegant novelties in arms, crest, and
address dies; also in illuminating band and ball programmes, dinner
cartes, invitations, &c. No charge for sketches nor for plain stamping.
—Jenner and Knewstub, Court stationers, 33, St. James's-street, and

MONOGRAMS (PARKINS and GOTTO's),.
Skelches by the first artists in London, and dies cut in the
best possible manner, at half the usual charges, and remain the pro¬
perty of the customer. No charge made for plain stamping. Colour
stamping reduced to 1s. per 100. Nearly 40 hands for stamping being
kept upon the premises, P. and G. are enabled to execute orders to any
extent with great care and despatch.—Parkins and Gotto, 24, 25, 27,
and 28, Oxford-street, London, W. N.B. The largest stock in Lon¬
don of dressing cases, bags, writing cases, and presents of all kinds.
