IF this should MEET the EYE of A. S. A., he may
write to J. C. S., and hear of his friends.
LE refus Stait le plaisir. Chaque soir et matin pour
20 mois passés. Cruel sculement être aimable. Donc, il ny a
ae n ee es deux
THE WOMAN whose HOME is in SUFFOLK.—
Your LETTER, dated 6th October, 1867, directed to Superin¬
tendent, Scotland-yard, city, London, has been RECEIVED. Please
CALL, without delay, at the Detective Department, Great Scotland¬
yard. Whitehall. Any expenses will be paid.—11th October, 1867.
TO HAIRDRESSERS, Wigmakers, Costumiers, and
others.—A long FAIR BEARD. Whiskers, and Moustache, com¬
plete, having been recently FOUND in the vicinity of Oxford-street, it
is requested that hairdressers, wigmakers, and others will give INFOR¬
MATION if any such article has been sold by them recently, prior to
the 28th ultimo. Information to Inspector Thomson, Detective Police,
Great Scotland-yard, S.W.—11th October, 1867.
LOST, between New Bond-street and Holborn,
between 8 and 9 o'clock Wednesday morning, the 9th, a PAPER
PARCEL, containing a white silk scarf. Whoever will bring the same
to 96. New Bond-street, will be handsomely REWERDED.
LOST, on Thursday afternoon, in the Finchley or
Avenue road or Regent's-park, a FLORENTINE MOSAIC
ROUND BROOCH. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Harrison
Queen's-terrace, St. John's-wood, shall be handsomely RE¬
WARDEL
LOST, on Friday, the 4th Oct., between Belsise-¬
park-road and Swiss-cottage, or in Atlas omnibus from Swiss¬
toeto Piccadilly-circus, between the hours of 3 and 5 o'clock, a
small HAIR CHAIN, with five lockets, pencil case, cross, and whistle
attached. Tho name of the owner is in one of the lockets. ONE
POUND REWARD will be given to whoever will bring the same to
No. 16, Belsize-park-road, Hampstead.
LEFT in a four-wheeled CAB, at Paddington, on
Friday night, the 11th October, an OPERA-GLASS in a sling
case. Whoever will bring the same to 17, Westbourne-square, W., shall
receive ONE POUND REWARD.
DOG LOST, in Baker-street, on the 10th inst. Very
small, black, long haired. Answers to the name of "Tiny."
Had on a blue collar, with 72, Harley-street, engraved on it. ONE
POUND REWARD will be paid for its restoration to the above

TO CABMEN.—TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—
LOST, a SMALL ROUGH TERRIER DOG; dark coat, white
silky pay. Had on an old leather collar, brass mountings. Supposed to
have been left in a Hansom cab in Westbourne-grove, Monday evening,
7th. Apply to Mr. Whittall, cheesemonger, Richmond-road, Bayswater.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, about the 1st
September, 1865, ONE TURKISH SIX per CENT. 1858 COU¬
PON, No. 2,296, value £15. Apply te T. and F., care of J. Grugeon,
No. 75, Old Broad-street, E.C.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday,
10th October, betwe e e t ere.
Boloons, West Brompton, and
Oxford-street, a BLACK LEATHER BAG, containing sundry papers,
letters, &c. The above reward will be paid to any person returning
the same to the housekeeper, Redeliffe estate office, 238, Fulham¬
road, S.W.
MIS-MATCHED BANK of ENGLAND NOTES
for £5—Q.P. 11858, London, 25th May, 1867; and C.P11855,
London, 25th May, 1867. Holders of the other halves will oblige by
communicating with Smith, Coney, and Barrett, Clarendon-buildings,
Liverpool.
FOUND, a BLACK RETRIEVER. The owner
can have the same by describing it and paying expenses. Apply,
byletter, to N. S., post-office, Waterloo-road.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c.—A
REGISTER, containing the names of all persons who have been
advertised for to claim property since 1749, 2s. ; post free 25 stamps.—
DOUGAL and Co., 58, Cheapside, E.C.
THE REPRESENTATION of the PEOPLE ACT,
1867.—Boundary Commission.—Notice is hereby given, that
Joseph Kaye, Esq., Barrister-at-Law, and Capt. H. S. Palmer, R.E.,
two of the Assistant Commissioners appointed by the Boundary Com¬
missioners for England and Wales under the provisions of the Repre¬
sentation of the People Act, 1867, will attend at the Town-hall, Croy¬
don, on Monday, 21st day of October, 1867, at 12 o'clock, for the pur¬
pose of inquiring into the divisions of EAST SURREY, as constituted
by the Act, and as to the places appointed for holding courts for the
election of members for such divisions, with a view to ascertain whether,
having regard to the natural and legal divisions of the county and the
distribution of the population therein, any and what ALTERATIONS
should be made in such DIVISIONS or PLACES.
The (Assistant Commissioners will be prepared to receive, at the
time and place above mentioned, the statements of any persons who
may be desirous of giving information as to the local circumstances of
the county.
C. W. FRENANTLE, Secretary to the Commissioners.
No. 6, Old Palace-yad, Westminster, S.W., 10th Oct., 1867
ANNIVERSARY of the BATTLE of BALA¬
CLAVA.—The ANNUAL DINNER will take place at Willis's
Rooms, King-street, St. James's, on Friday, 25th October, at half-past
7 o'clock. Major-General Hodge, C.B., in the chair. An early answer
is requested to
T. GEORGE, Lieut.-Colonel, Hon. Sec.
Cheltenham, Octeber 186
WINCHESTER COLLEGE.—PUPILS are
PREPARED for Winchester and the other public scho ols at the
Grange, Ewell, Surrey, by Dr. BEHR, whose pupils have had distin¬
guished success. At the last exammation at Winchester College one
of Dr. Behr's pupils gained the third place in a competition with 123
candidates. For terms and full particulars address Dr. Behr, the
Grange, Ewell, near Epsom, Surrey.
THE WESTERN
COLLEGE, Brighton.
Principal—Dr. WILLIAM PORTER KNIGHTLEY, F.C.P.
Vice-Principal—Rev. ALLAN D. FREEMAN.
The sons of gentlemen are prepared for the public schools, the uni¬
versities, the civil service and military examinations, and for profes¬
sional and commercialllife.
Prospectus of terms forwarded on application.
WOOLWICH-COMMON MILITARY SCHOOL,
S.E.—HALF-TERM COMMENCES 15th October. For pro¬
spectuses, &c., address as above. Principal—C. R. RIPPIN, M.A.,
St. John's Coll., Cambridge.
THE LONDON CLERKS' CLUB (Limited).—At
the ADJOURNED MEETING of Clerks, held at the London

Mr. Alderman COTTON in the Chair,
the above title was selected in lien of the London Clerks' Dining Asso¬
ciation (Limited), as proposed at the previous Meeting. The Report of
the Committee was adopted, and resolutions passed appointing
Directors, &c.
Full prospectuses, with forms of applications for shares, can be ob¬
tained at the bankers of the Company, National Previncial Bank of
England, Bishopsgate-street within; A. E. Francis, Esq., solicitor,
No. 10, Tokenhouse-yard; and of G. W. Sharp, Secretary pro tem., at
the temporary offices of the Company, 6, Martin's-lane, Cannon-street,
E.C., or 11, Leadenhall-street, E.C.
FREE LABOUR REGISTRATION SOCIETY.
Head offices, 9, Victoria-chambers, Westminster, S.W.
It is the belief of the majority of all classes of the community, that
the present practice of Trades' Unions is working injuriously for the
interests of both workmen and employers, and for the productive pros¬
perity of the country.
That they form a barrier between emploved and employers and pre¬
vent the association of interests which should be identical.
That they needlessly protract trade disputes, and make the operative
class discontented and suspicious; while the employment of capital is
rendered hazardous and uncertain.
That they deny the undoubted right of employers and employed to
make their own terms.
That they tend to prevent a man raising himself in the social scale,
by trying to reduce all workmen to a low standard of mediocrity.
That they make contracts, and all prospective calculations of
cost and profit impossible ; and thus tend to drive capital and trade out
of the country.
That in many instances their accounts have been improperly kept,
and their funds wasted and misapplied; the benefit element reduced to
a minimum or altogether ignored.
This Society has been formed to check those evils, by affording a ral¬
lying point for nonunionist workmen and employers, and by giving in¬
creased facilities for the calm and kindly discussion of the questions
affecting capital and labour. By uniting the interests of employed and
employers, by arranging by arbitration the disputes that will occa¬
sionally arise in all trades, by removing the suspicions of workmen, by
re-assuring capital and encouraging its outlay in the various industries
of the country, by freeing emplovers and employed from coercion and
terrorism, by asserting the sacred right of every man to make the best
use he can of the talents he has, and of putting his own price upon his
industry in the free market of labour.
Thousands of working men have already taken the trouble of writing
or coming forward in person to register their names in support of the
principles of free labour; this is only a small sample of the very gene¬
ral feeling in favour of the movement.
This Society secures to its members the most economic and advan¬
tageous distribution of the funds for the benefit of the sick, &c. With
this latter object the highest authorities in the kingdom have assisted
with their counsel and experience. Noblemen and gentlemen of un¬
doubted probity have consented to serve upon a committee with the
members themselves.
As a Benefit Society, composed of a union of all trades, this Society
possesses considerable advantages. Each of our insurances is separate
and optional; each of them will be guaranteed by Government, except
the Sick Fund, which is managed by Sub-Committees of Working
Men, who report monthly to the Central Committee, which is composed
jointly of working men and employers. London, for convenience, is
divided into postal districts, each has its separate Sub-Committee.
One-third of all donations received in aid of this Society is deposited
in trast in Messrs. Ransom and Bouverie's Bank, and forms a guarantee
for the Benefit Fund; the remainder will, for the present, be applied
towards the very heavy preliminary expenses.
Noblemen and gentlemen are entreated to allow their names to be
placed upon this little Parliament of Free Labour.
It is earnestly requested that benevolent persons will support this
Society with their money and names.
Members are registered gratis; a fee of half a day's wages is charged
only when a situation is obtained through the Society's means.
The scale of subscription for employers is fixed at £1 per annum for
employers of less than 100 hands; £2 per annum for those who employ.
more than 100 hands. Employers are particularly requested to employ
as many of the Society's members as possible.
The objects of the Society may be briefly stated thus:—
1. To obtain employment for those who want it, and hands for em¬
ployers.
2. The free discussion of all questions affecting capital and labour.
3. The peaceful settlement of such questions by arbitration.
4. The protection of the interests of members by strictly constitu¬
tional means.
F. C. MAUDE, Colonel, Honorary Secretary, Free
Labour Registration Society.
House of call open every evening except Saturdays, also for the free
registration of members
Form of Declaration required from Members.
I undertake not to interfere between workmen and employers.
(This will be at all times liberally construed, especially in the case

Prospectuses and books of rules to be obtained at the Society's head
office, 9, Victoria-chambers, Victoria-street, S.W.
IN consequence of the Jewish Holydays, E. MOSES
and SON's ESTABLISHMENTS will be CLOSED THIS DAY
(Monday) and To-morrow (Tuesday), the 15th inst., and re-opened as usual
on Wednesday morning, the 16th inst., at 7 o'clock.—E. Moses and Son,
corner of Minories and Aldgate; New Oxford-street, corner of Hart¬
street; Tottenham-court-road, corner of Euston-road; country branch,
Bradford, Yorkshire.
COUNTRY NEWSPAPER PROPRIETORS are
earnestly requested to send immediately to GEO. KELLY and
Co., as below, the particulars of any changes in day or place of publi¬
cation that may have occurred in connexion with their paper since
October, 1866, in order that the same may be correctly inserted in the
ANNUAL LIST of COUNTRY NEWSPAPERS adapted for the in¬
sertion of the November Parliamentary notices. The list is specially
arranged and published by Geo. Kelly and Co., at their Gazette and
general advertising offices, 1, Upper Charles-street, Parliament-st., S.W.
CAUTION.—Mr. J. W. BENSON, watch and clock
manufacturer by special warrant of appointment to H.R.H. the
Prince of Wales, begs to CAUTION the public against purchasing
watches or clocks bearing his name, and said to be of his make, except
at his only places of business, 53 and 60, Ludgate-hill, 25, Old Bond¬
street, 99, Westbourne-grove, and 164, Tottenham-court-road.
CAUTION.—No ENGLISH KREOSOTE is genuine
anless with "Morson's" name and trade mark on labels. Hydre¬
carhon of foreign origin is being offered as English Kreosote, and we,
the sole English manufacturers, will not guarantee any unless bearing
our name and trade mark.
MORSON and SON.
Nos. 31, 33, and 124, Southampton-row, Russell-square, London.W
C.
CAUTION.—NICHOLAY and SON, the Court
furriers, 82, Oxford-street, of nearly a century standing, announce
they have NO BRANCH or other ESTABLISHMENT, as advertise¬
ments are appearing unscrupulously assuming their well-known style,
designation, and trade mark of Court furriers, as authorized by Her
Majesty's Royal warrant granted to them
CAUTION.—Self-fitting Candles.—We, the under¬
signed, do hereby give notice, that we have, by letters patent,
secured to ourselves the exclusive right of making candles with taper¬
ing ends, commonly called SELF-FITTINS CANDLES, now to be
obtained of every chymist, grocer, or chandler in all sizes, and of
various qualities. The public are cautioned against imitations, and
persons infringing such patents, or being parties privy thereto, are
hereby informed that they render themselves liable to proceedings.
C. and J. FIELD, Upper-marsh, Lambeth, London.
ROMFORD BREWERY, October 7, 1867.—IND,
COOPE, and Co. have much pleasure in informing the public
that they are now able to take off the addition which they were com¬
pelled to make to the prices of their ales last October.
SYDNEY CHIDLEY.—Change of Address.—Mr.
Sydney Chidley informs his friends that he has REMOVED to
No. 18, Ironmonger-lane, from No. 25, Old Jewry.
NOTICE.—Holborn Valley Improvements.—Messrs.
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA, Opticians and Meteorological In¬
strument Makers, beg to state that they have REMOVED from No.1, to

POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES instituted with secresy and despatch
in divorce, and other cases, by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington-green.
