M, is earnestly requested to COMMUNICATE
 respecting the transfer (referred to at the interview, June 23d,
1863), the required arrangement having been effected.—N.
MRS. STIRLING is greatly obliged by the kind
and liberal suppert given her at the Royal Dramatic College
Fancy Fair, and offers her sincere THANKS for the anonymous con¬
tributions of many unkno fsreieed

CANCER HOSPITAL, London and Brompton.—
To P.—The £10 have come to hand. The preceding £10 were ac¬
knowledged in The Times of the 25th June last. The Board desire
most gratefully to THANKP. as well for these DONATIONS as (they
believe) for a former donation of £10, per Treasurer, Wm. Loxham
Farrer, Esq., 66, Lincoln's-inn-fields.
By order,
W. J. COCKERILL, Sec.
Secretary's-office, 167, Piccadilly.
LOST, about 5th inst., a BUNCH of KEYS, in or
between the Brixton or Clapham roads, via Stockwell. FIVE
SHILLINGS REWARD, if brought to Mr. Dyer, chymist, Acre-lane,
near Brixton Church.
LOST, in Hyde-park or Knightsbridge, on Sunday
evening, between 8 and 9, a BLUE BAG, containing a clergy¬
man's hood. Whoever will bring the same to St. Mark's College,
King's-road, Chelsea, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, at the Crystal Palace, on Saturday, July 16, a
GOLD BRACELET, with a horseshoe of turquoises and small
brillants. A REWARD will be given to the finder, on its being taken
to Mrs. Rimer, 43, Sloane-Street, S.W.
LOST (lately), probably at Richmond or in the
neighbourhood of Canonbury or Highbury, a DIAMOND and
EMERALD RING. If brought to the housekeeper, 10, Austinfriars,
city, the finder shall be suitably REWARDED.
LOST, on Saturday, July 16, between 9, North
Audley-street and corner of Green-Street, a GOLD WATCH,
maker's name Scherer, 225, Regent-street, and split ringt with gold
pencilease, ring engraved with arms and coronet, a stirrup-shaped
seal, and locket. Whoever brings these to 131, Park-street, Grosvenor¬
square, will receive FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, on Monday, between 1 and 2 o'clock, a SILK
PURSE, containing a gold guinea, with other gold and silver,
either in a Royal Oak Omnibus, between Temple-bar and the Regent¬
circus, Oxford-street, or in a Shepherd's-bush Omnibus, between the
Circus and Royal-crescent, Notting-hill. Whoever has found it is
earnestly entreated to take it to 16, Roval-crescent, Notting-hill.
THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, in
Tottenham-court-road, on the 18th July, a very long-haired
PARTLY SKYE TERRIER DOG, with very long ears, between a
gray and a fawn colour. Whoever will bring him to 118, Euston-road,
shall receive the above reward.
POCKET-BOOK LOST.—FIVE POUNDS RE¬
WARD.—July 15, at 2.30, LOST, a large POCKET-BOOK, con¬
taining letters and promissory notes and other vouchers not transfer¬
able, but of some value to the owner. Any one bringing it to Mr. Wood¬
rooffe, 1, New-square, Lincoln's-inn, or sending particulars, shall receive

TO Hansom CABMEN.—LEFT, in a Hansom CAB,
aegentleman stopping at Lillyman's Hotel, a FANCY
CHEVIOT INVERNESS WRAPPER, in the first or second week in
July. ONE POUND REWARD if returned to Lillyman's Hotel, Brook¬
street, Bond-street.
FOUND, in Portman-square, a RING, on Friday,
the8th inst. The owner can obtain it by sending a correct de¬
scription and paying the cost of this advertisement. Apply to Mr.
George Brookes, 25, Mark-lane.
FOUND, a FIVE POUND NOTE, in the vicinity
of Pimlico. Apply, by letter only, stating the number, date, and
other marks, direct to R. W., care of Mr. Clark, Clark's dining rooms,
No. 185, High-Street, Camden-town, N.W.
FOUND, at Gravesend, last week TWO FIVE
POUND BANK of ENGLAND NOTES. The owner can have
the same by giving a proper description to Mr. Supt. White, police sta¬
tion, Town-hall, Gravesend.—June 19, 1864.
FOUND, on Sunday morning, the 10th inst., on the
Finchley-road, near West-end-lane, Hampstead, a BLACK
ENAMEL BROOCH, with a group of flowers in the centre. The
owner can have it by paying the expense of this advertisement. Apply
at Kidderpore-villa, New West-end, Hampstead.
GOLD EYE-GLASSES FOUND, at the Dramatic
College Fête, on Saturday. Apply at the Lost Property-office,

ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—To
Bullion Dealers, Money Changers, and the Public.—Stolen £1,000.
—Notice is hereby given, that the following BANK of ENGLAND
NOTES were STOLEN on the afternoon of the 12th inst., from a
gentleman, recently arrived from abroad, and that payment of the
same has been stopped. Whoever will bring the notes to the offices of
Messrs. Aleaander Bell and Sons, 8, Finch-lane, Cornhill, and give
such information as may lead to the conviction of the offender, shall
receive the above reward, or a proportion thereof for any part of the
notes:—
Nos. 98933 to 98950, date 22d April, 1864, 18 notes of £20 each. £360
Nos. 11051 to 11062, date 22d June, 1864, 12 notes of £20 each. £240
Nos. 73345 to 73350, date 23d Jan., 1864, 6 notes of £50 each. £300
No. 18755
date 24th March, 1864, note.
£100
INFAMOUS TRAFFIC.—Whereas several young
English girls, under the alluring promise of lucrative situations,
have again been induced to go abroad, where they found themselves
betrayed and deceived; timely notice of further attempts by such
evil disposed persons is requested to be sent to J. B. Talbot, Esq.
(Secretary of the London Society for the Protection of Young Females),
No. 28, New Broad-street; or to Mr. Pollaky, private inquiry office,
No. 13, Paddington-green, W.
AXFORD ARMS INN, Warwick-lane, London.—
To all whom it may concern.—Notice is hereby given, that all
GOODS, Parcels, Packages, or other Property left at the above inn
from time to time will be SOLD unless claimed, and all charges and
warehouse rent due thereon shall be paid within one month from this
date.
July 18, 1864. E. H. SANDERSON.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £831 5s. New £3 per Cent. An¬
nuities, heretofore standing in the names of RICHARD HARDING,
of Combmartin, Esquire, and the Rev. WILLIAM MULES, of Mar¬
wood, both in Devonshire, and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners, in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed since the 5th April, 1854; Notice is hereby given that, on
the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will be
Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to the Rev. William Rout¬
ledge and the Rev. William Collings Mathison, executors of the Rev.
John Hawkes Mules, deceased, who was the sole executor of the Rev.
William Mules, deceased, who was the survivor, who have claimed the
same unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his
claim thereto.
BYE-LAWS, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made
the 31st day of May, 1864, by the Court of the Mayor and Alder¬
men of the city of London, for the said city, under the provisions of
The City of London Traffic Regulation Act, 1863.
1. Every omnibus, metropolitan stage carriage, van or other carriage,
licensed for the conveyance of passengers at separate fares, passing
eastwards through St. Paul's churchyard, and proceeding to, or whose
destination as stated on such vehicle, or in its license, shall be London-¬
bridge, or to any place over London-bridge, shall, when it reaches the
south-east corner of St. Paul's Cathedral, pass down Cannon-street,
and thence over London-bridge ; and every such carriage making the
reverse journey shall traverse the like route ; and the driver of every
such omnibus, metropolitan stage carriage, van or other carriage,
licensed for the conveyance of passengers at separate fares, shall drive
the same pursuant to this regulation.
.2. No person shall drive any cart, waggon, dray, or other vehicle, for
the conveyance of goods, wares, and merchandise through the streets,
between the hours of 9 in the morning and 6 in the evening, laden to a
greater height than 16 feet, measuring from the ground, or laden to
a greater width than 7 feet, or the breadth between the outsides of the
wheels of which vehicle (except it shall have been in use before or on
the 28th day of July, 1863) shall be greater than 7 feet.
3. No person shall drive any earr waggon, or other vehicle wholly or
partially laden with timber, scaffolding or other poles, logs of wood,
masts, spars, or other articles or things, whother consisting of wood,
metal, or any other material, exceeding 25 feet in length or 8 feet
6 inches in breadth, through any street between the hours of 9 in the
morning and 6 in the evening.
Approved—Whitehall, 18th July, 1864.
WOODTHORPE.
N.B. The above bye-laws will come into operation on the 18th day
of August, 1864.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRV.—SPRING
GROVE ESTATE, Heston and Isleworth, Middlesex.—No. 64.—
In the matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is
hereby given, that on the application of Henry Daniel Davies, of
Spring-grove, in the county of Middlesex, Esquire, the Registrar of
the Office of Land Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar
months from the date hereof, to register with an indefeasible title
all those hereditaments called or known as the Spring-grove Estate,
in the parishes of Heston and Isleworth, in the county of Middlesex,
containing by admeasurement 226a. 0r. 15p. or thereabout; consisting
of several dwelling-houses, gardens, and lands, in the occupation of
the said Henry Daniel Davies, his lessees or tenants; bounded on or
towards the north partly by Scrattage-lane; on or towards the east
partly by lands belonging to the trustees of the Jersey Estates, Thomas
Poynder and William Wells respectively, and partly by Wood-lane; on
or towards the south partly by the great western road to London;
and on or towards the west by lands belonging to the said Henry
Daniel Davies, John Blake, Sarah Ann Rogers, the Duke of Nor¬
thumberland, and Richard Lidgold respectively, and which said here¬
ditaments intended to be registered are delineated on the map No. 64,
deposited by the applicant in the Office of Land Registry as part of the
description of the same, and thereon edged with red, together with
the mines and minerals under the same herediraments, except the
mines and minerais under such parts thereof as are coloured pink on
the said map. If any person objects to, or desires to show cause
against such registration, or claims that the same should be subject to
any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or encum¬
brance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before the
Registrar, should be entered on the register with reference to such
hereditaments, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Regis¬
try, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the
said three calendar months from the date hereof, personally or by his
solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objec¬
tion or to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect of such
registration. But any person desiring to make such objection or claim
must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and
with his name and address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry be¬
fore the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from making the same. The
said map of the said hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land
Registry may be inspected at the said office at any time before the ex¬
piration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof.—
Dated this 20th day of July, 1864.
O. D. MORDAUNT Chief Clerk.
DAVIES, SON, CAMPBELL, and REEVES, Solicitors to
the Applicant.

CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz.:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
CAUTION.—G. W. WHEATLEY and Co. (formerly
Waghorn), established 28 years, overland parcel carriers and
general forwarding agents to all parts of the world, caution the public
against being misled by imitations of their advertisements, placards,
and tariffs. — Wheatley and Co.'s only offices in London are 150, Leaden¬
hall-Street; Chaplin's, Regent-circus, 150, Cheapside, and 23, Regent-st.
TO Messrs. WHEATLEY and Co.—In consideration
of your abstaining from taking proceedings to obtain an injune¬
tion against me, I undertake and agree forthwith to cease to issue the
circulars, both books and handbills, of which you complain; and I
further undertake and agree to abstain in future from using any titie
in imitation of the title used by you, and further to abstain from cony¬
ing, extracting, or imitating the circulars or advertisements issued by
you from time to time. —Dated 29th da.

(Signed)	WILLIAM R. SUTTON.

NOTICE.—M. WATHERSTON (late of Henretta¬
street, Covent-garden) begs respectfully to inform the nobility
and gentry that his late partnership having been dissolved, he now
carries on the same style of business at No. 12, Pall-mall east, adjoining
the National Gallery, under the firm of Watherston and Son.
JOHN BROGDEN, of 16, Henrietta-street, Covent¬
garden, finding some of his customers think the business is removed,
respectfully informs them that this is not the case, he having pur¬
chased the goodwill, and the whole of the valuable stock, and that all the
workmen remain at the old premises. He takes this opportunity of
returning his warmest thanks and acknowledgments for the kind
patronage and support bestowed on the late firm.—16, Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden.
MAMPTULICON.—Trades Mark Act.—CAU¬
TION.—Several of TAYLER, HARRY, and Co.'s patterns having
been copied and imitated, they hereby give notice, that they have
adopted as a trade mark the monogram of the firm in a diamond,
and request that purchasers will see that the above is stamped on all
goods offered as their make.—Tayler, Harry, and Co., 42, St. Paul's
churchyard, sole manufacturers of Kamptulicon floorcloth two yards
wide. Prize medal "For excellence of quality", Honourrble Mention
"For general merit," 1862. Signed,
TAYLER, HARRY, and Co.
CAUTION. —CHLORODYNE. — Vice-Chancellor
Sir W. Page Wood stated "That Dr. Browne was undoubtedly
the inventor of chlorodyne."—Vide The Times, July 13, 1864. The
public, therefore, are cautioned against using any imitations called
after it. Medical testimonials affirm it to be the most efficacious
medicine ever discovered for consumption, coughs, colds, asthma, bron¬
chitis, spasm, rheumatism, dysentery, diarrhea, &c. No home should
be without it. Sold in bottles, at 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d., each, and sent free on
receipt of post order or stamps to J. T. DAVENPORT, pharma¬
ceutist, 33, Great Russell-Street, Bloomsbury-square, London, N.B.
Always ask for Dr. J. Collis Browne's chlorodyne, and see his name on
the Government stamp
TO ANGLERS.—CHAS. FARLOW, 191, Strand,
manufacturer of good FISHING RODS and TACKLE, at mode¬
rate prices. Prize medal. Catalogues gratis,
