C. W. T., of Newcastle.—WRITE your Brother
Robert. All is right.
F. G. W.—Come to Plymouth. You will be wel¬
comed, and sympathized with.—N.
IF R. W. C., at L., will WRITE to his OLD
FRIEND, all will be right.
FOLLY.—Do write to relieve anxiety of sisters.
Money will be sent. Affairs all amicably settled.
J. H.—Pray WRITE at once, and let us know where
you are, to refieve us from our painful state of suspense. If you
wish to remain out of town till you feel better in health and spirits
you can do so, as your business matters are being, and will be, daily
well attended to.
THE RELATIVES of the late Lieut. ARTHUR
SMYTH, 45th Regiment (who died in the colony o Natal, on the
25th November. 1857), are hereby informed, that a CASE, contaming
some of the effects of the deceased, may be had on application to Cap¬
tain Johnstone, 45th Regiment, care of Measrs. Cox and Co., London.
If within a month from this date the above be not claimed, it will be
SOLD. — January 23, 1860.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD. — Whereas,
THOMAS W. VOKES, a Captain in the late Land Transport
Corps, on half-pay, who carried on business at 95, Jermyn-street, Hay¬
market, as an army agent, and resided at 33, Brompton-crescent, has
ABSCONDED, and a warrant has been granted for his apprehen¬
sion. The above reward will be paid to any one who will give such
information as will lead to his approhension, such information to be
given to the pofice; or to Mr. Albert Elworthy, solicitor, 14, South¬
ampton-buildings, Chancery lane. Description.—A fair man, with
fresh complexion, of about 46, of middle height, about 5 foet 9½ inches,
and ordinary appearance walks like a soldier, but turns one foot
slightly in; fair sandy straight hair, cut short, and inclining to gray
light moustaches and closely-shaved face, without whiskers beyond the
ear; quick sharp gray eyes, rather cunning in expression; wears a blue
great coat with velvet collar, and trousers rather wide at the bottom.
LOST (FOUR POUNDS REWARD) a DIAMOND
RING. Whoever will bring the same to J. Amadio, 7, Throg¬
morton-street, shall receive the above reward.
LOST, on Friday, 20th inst., between Caanon-street
and Blackfriars-bridge, FOUR TEN-POUND BANK of ENG¬
LAND NOTES, attached to a printed form issued by the Equitable
Insurance Company. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Winter
burn, at Messrs. Devas and Co.'s, Cannon-street west, will be liberally
REWARDED.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a SPANISH
THREE per CENT. BOND for £170, since the divide d of June,
1959, was pald. A dividend coupon is attached to said bond, which
was payable on 31st ult. The above reward will be paid by M. Silver¬
ston, stockbroker, 54, Threadneedle-street, per said bond.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 10th
inst., either in the e ll o n
o on leaving a party in Halkin-street
west, Belgrave-square, an EMERALD and DIAMOND CROSS, about
two inches long, set transparent; with a brillant hoop ring attached.
Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Westerton's, bookseller, 20, St.
George's terrace, Knightsbridge, shall receive the above reward.—20th
Jan., 1860.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—If THOMAS
JOHNSTON, son of Thomas Johnston, formerly of Camden¬
street, Dublin, and brother of William Clarke Johnston, who died in
1835, would COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Hone and Kinahan,
Foster-place. Dublin, he would HEAR of SOMETHIN 1 to his AD¬
VANTAGE, or any person giving such information as may lead to the
identity of the said Thomas Johnston will receive the above reward.
He is supposed to have held a situation in the Revenue, in the north of
Ireland
STOLEN, a BAY MARE, Cart, and Harness, from
Downham-road, Kingsland, on Wednesday evening the 18th inst.,
about 5 o'clock. Mare 13 hands high, white star on the nose; dog¬
cart, painted brown, with Old English "H." in garter on sides and
front, and "J. Harverson, Kingsland," in small letters on the shaft.
Whoever will give such information as to lead to the conviction of the
thief to J. Harverson shall be REWARDED for the trorb'e
FOUND, on the 13th instant, a FIVE POUND
BANK of ENGLAND NOTE. The owner can have the same on
paying the expense of this advertissement by applying at Her Majesty's
Paymaster-General's office, Room No. 25, between half-past 10 and 4.
DIAMOND BROOCH FOUND.—FOUND, near
the Crystal Palace, a DIAMOND BROOCH. The owner, on
forwarding a proper description of the same, may hear of it on applica¬
tion to Mr. Th omas Weller, jeweller, 2, High-Street, Croydon, S.
TO SAILORS. —Should this meet the eye of WIL¬
LIAM SYME (a sailor), whose recently departed mother, Mar¬
et Annie Syme, had not heard of him for two or three years, he is
REQUESTED to WRITE to Mr. Bowen, 10, Regents-place, West¬
minster, London, saying where he may be written to about something

STEVENS.—If JOHN, CHARLES, or HENRY
STEVENS, sons of Themas Stevens (who was formerly in the
Excise, and who died about April, 1840), will apply to J. G. Richards,
solicitor, No. 18, Margaret-street, Cavendish-square, London, he will
be REWARDED for his trouble. Information is required concerning
their sister, Mary Stevens.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Anuuity.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the arrears of an anmuity of 23 per
annum, in the Consolidated Long Annuities, heretofore standing in
the name of ANN BLACKMAN of Kingrland-road, widow, de¬
ceased, and which annuity was transferred to the said Commissioners in
consequence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed
on and from the 5th of April, 1823;—Notice is hereby given, that,
on the expiration of three months from this date, the Dividends in
arrears on the said annuity will be paid to Henry Revell Reynolds,
Esq., the administrator, as nomince of the Crown, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of Seven Dividends on the sum of
£387 19s 5d. Consoldated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing
in the names of WILLIAM HOOD, of the Inner Temple, Esq., de¬
ceased, and EDMUND HOOD, of Barden-park, Leicestershire, Esq.,
deceased, and which dividends were paid over to the Commissioners
for the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of the first
thereof having remained unclaimed since the 5th of January, 1832;—
Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Dividends will be paid to Robert Arnold Waine¬
wright, executor of William Hood, deceased, who was the survivor,
who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner
appear and make out his claim thereto.
CAUTION to MEMBERS of RIFLE CORPS, and
other persons accustomed to use Firearms.—The Proof Master
and Wardens of the Birmingham Gun-barrel Proof-house, having rea¬
son to believe that many rifles and other firearms have recently been
sold the barrels of which have not been duly proved and marked as
proved, and for the safety of which therefore their possessors can have
no satisfactory guarantee, desire strongly to impress upon the attention
of the public in general, and particularly upon members of rifle corps
and their officers, the necessity of being personally satisfied, by careful
examination of each rifle or other firearm, that its barrel bears the
mark of due proof according to law. A special Act of Parliament, called
"The Gun-barrel Proof Act, 1855," provides that all gun barreis, except
they are supplied direct from Government, must be proved at the Bir¬
mingham Proof-house or at that of the Gunmakers' Company in London,
and, if they stand the test applied, duly marked as proved accordingly;
and the same Act imposes heavy penalties on persons selling or keeping
for sale firearms the barrels of which are not so proved and marked.
It is for the public safety, and with a view to prevent accidents, that
this intimation is given; and, as the public in general are not familiar
with the legal proof marks, the Proof Master and Wardens further give
notice that upon application of any person at the Proof-house in Ban¬
bury-street, Birmingham, the officers of that establishment will examine
all firearms brought to them for that purpose gratis, and state whether
they bear the legal proof mark or not. No breach of the law by sending
out unproved arms can possibly occur except through direct criminality
of intention, or negligence so gross as to be scarcely less culpable,
and the Proof Master and Wardens therefore earnestly request that
immediate information may be given to them of any rifles or other
arms known or found to be unproved, in order that legal proceedings
may be instituted against the offenders accordingly. £5 reward will
be paid upon conviction of any offender to the person or persons
through whose information such conviction shall be obtained.—By
ordre of the Proof Master and Wardens of the Birmingham Proof¬
house.
HODGSON and ALLEN, Law Clerks.
Birmingham, Jan. 14. 1860.
CRYSTAL PALACE.—ARRANGEMENTS for
WEEK ending Saturday, January 28th.
Monday, open at 9. Tuesday to Friday, open at 10. Admission 1s.
es
Saturday, open at 10. Concert. Admission, 2s. 6d. Children 1s.
The Picture Gallery remains open. Orchestral Band and Great
Orgau Performances dally.
The Camellias, Hyacinths, Primulas, and other Plants are in full
bloom throughout the Palace.
Sunday, open at 1, 30 to shareholders gratuitously by tickets.
WHITTINGTON CLUB, Arundel-Street, Strand.
The WEEKLY DRAWING ROOM will be held in the great
Hall. To-morrow (Tuesday) Evening, at 8. Members may introduce
their friends on the usual terms.
E. R. RUSSELL. Sec.
NOMEN and WATCHWORK. — Mr. John
Bennett's Lectures.—Mr. JOHN BENNETT F.R.A.S., Mem¬
ber of the National Academy of Paris, will LECTURE on a WATCH,
WHAT to MAKE, and HOW to MAKE IT. January 24th, Nails¬
worth; 28th, Deal; 31st, Rotherhithe; February 1st, East Monlsey;
6th, Shoreditch: 7th, Kentish-town; 8th. Southwark; 14th, Soho;
15th, Rotherhithe; 22d, Kentish-town. The Lectures will be lilus¬
trated by a great variety of models and diagrams, and specimens of
clocks and watches. Syllabuses can be had at the watch manufactory,
Nos. 65 and 64, Cheapside.
WESTMORLAND SOCIETY's BALL will take
place at St. James's-hall, Regent-street, on Friday, January
27, 1860, in aid of the funds for providing additional accommodation
for female children, List of Lady Patronesses, Stewards, &c., and tickets,
price 10s. 6d., 14s., and 21s., may be obtained at the office of the Secre¬
J. HENRY JOHNSON, 47, Lincoln's-inn-fields, W. C.
MR. CALDWELL's LONG QUADRILLE
NIGHT. Jan. 29. Admission, 1s. Mr. C.'s Benefit Bal Masque
on Tuesday, Feb. 14. Soiree a r.
antes every evening. Sex private
leasons at any hour £1 1. Dean-Street, Soho.
DUEEN's CONCERT ROOMS. Hanover-square.—
Mr. BAREHAM's ANNUAL GRAND COSTUME BALL,
Tuesday, January 31. Gentlemen's tickets 5s., ladies ditto 3s. 6d. To
be had at his dancing academy, 241, Maryleboue-road, N.W.
HANOVER-SQUARE ROOMS. — Miss A.

EDWARDS has the honour to announce
tatat her first FULL
DRESS BALL will take place To-morrow, Jan. 24. Ladies tickets,
12. 6.
gentlemen's do.,


ad at 49, Morton-terrace,
Pimlico: and at the rooms. W. M. Packer's band. Commence at
half-peet 11.
JAMES's-HALL. — Mr. BLAND and
DAUGHTERS have the honour to announce that their GRAND
ANNUAL BALL will take place at the above spacious and elegant
saloons, on Thursday, Feb. 2. Gentleman's ticket, 7s. 6d.; lady's ticket,
6s.; double ticket, to admit a lady and gentleman, 10s. 6d. To be had
at the hall, 69, Regent-street: and of Mr. Bland, 33, Brewer-street,
Golden-square, W. Dancing to commence at 9 o'c
ock.
ROYAL SURREY GARDENS.—LADIES' RE¬

Jan. 26.—The ladies of Surrey are
induced to give their FIRST RETURN BALL in invitation and out of
compliment to the bachelors, Tickets 2s. 6d. each, can only be obtained
at the Ladies Committee Room, Surrey Gardens, daily. Monday, Jan.
30th, Second Grand Bal Masque. Gentlemen, 5s; ladies. 2s. Costumier
—Mr. S. May. The Great Hall open nightly for dancing, 1s. On Sunday,
sacred music. Full milltary band.
THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY ROOMS, High
Holborn.—This establishment, preeminently distinguished for the
elegance and match less beauty of its decerations, combined with
the perfection of its management, is OPEN every evening. The cele¬
brated band, under the direction of Mr. W. M. Packer, plays a nightly
varied selection of the most approved classical and modern music.
Doors open at half-past 8. Overture at 9. Closing at 12. Admission 1s.
N.B. Mr. W. M. Packer's grand annual benefit Bal Masque (positively
the only one this yeor) is fixed for Thursday, February 23.
AGYLL-ROOMS, Windmill-street, Piccadilly—
Great suocess of the new HUNTSMAN POLKA and SEVERN
BANK VALSES, by Anton Lamotte (chef d'orchestra to the Emperor
Napoleon). The above elegant and popular rooms are open nightly for
dancing, with the celebrated band established 10 years, Conductor,
Monsieur Lamotte; Leader, M. Van Heddeghem; Principal Cornet¬
-Piston, M. Boulcourt. Selections from all the favonrite operas
played during the evening. Doors open at half-past 8; close a few
minutes before 13; admission, 1s. This well-known band can be engaged
for large and small parties. Apply to Mr. W. Price, treasurer, at the
rooms. Early application is necessary.
I S 
OOMS, King-street,
 James's-¬
W.
square.—Hessrs. F. and (

trespectfully to
inio

te e e tin.

ROOMS have bee
most
beautifully and
borately
BE DECORATED, and that the arrange¬
ments for balls, soirées, conversaziones, and public dinners, in regard
to economy combined with elee ne
and oonn
are most complete.
Public meetings, and concerts fo
 arse o am
parties, will meet
weit e

enience on the most libe r a l te er e.
DUADRILLE PIANISTE.—Miss HOLLAND
begs to anncunce that she continues to attend evening parties
as QUADRILLE PIANISTE. Terms, 2s. 6d. per bour.—9, Queen's¬
road, Haverstock-hill. N.B. An early application is requested owing
to Miss Holland's numerous engagements at this season of the year.
THIS DAY, at 3 p.m., ARNOLD's CLASS for
PHYSICAL EDUCATION, for the prevention and removal of
muse.
ar debility and deformity. Fencing, gymuastics, and the gloves
in the nsual classes. —118 and 119, New Bond-street.
ROYAL PROCESSION.—It having pleased Her
Most Gracious Majesty to open Parliament in person to-morrow
(Tuesday), Jan. 24. SEATS to view the above may be obtained at F.
Berry's, jewelle 531, Parliament-street Westminster.
