(FLORENCE).—The lady is "there".—Pri¬
vate Inquiry-office (established 1852), Devereux-court, Temple.
C. Nichls
IF "YOURLITTLE GIRL" will WRITE (address
Harrington-square, N.W., as before), and appoint time and place
tere),he will gladly meet her soon.
"DISTRACTED." Why this ruin? W. S. H.
wishes matters to go on as usual. Return, and be not rash.
ink of those at home. It will all be rectifled. Reply.
J.O. N.—Tu m'a rendu tres heureux, et anssi tu
m'a montré mon egolsme. Je suis pret à tous faire pour vous
plaire, et je ne reculeral devant aucun sacrifice pour vous rendre
aeureuse. Croycz moi sincere, comme je suis malheureux étant
séparé de toi.
H. A.—I should much like to hear from you when
you can find time to send me a letter. I have much to tell you
when you can arrange to receive a letter—much that is of great im¬
portance to you. Should you be questioned on any subject, do not re¬
yeal anything, as you value all your future happiness. Nothing can
be known unless through you. I depend on you, and believe me true
till neath.—H.
THE COMMITTEE of the CITY of LONDON
HOSPITAL for DISEASES of the CHEST Victoria-park, AC¬
KNOWLEDGE, with sincere thanks, a DONATION of £5, being
"Tinnic's portion of capital given during lifetime to Jesus
THE SECRETARY to the COUNCIL of the
ROYAL HOSPITAL for DISEASES of the CHEST, City-road,
g to ACKNOWLEDGE, with many thanks, the receipt of a
DONATION of £5 towards the funds of the Charity, being "Sinme's
portion of capital given during lifetime to Jesus."
NEXT of KIN.—The HEIR at LAW and NEXT
of KIN of JOSEPH BIRD, late of Croydon, Surrey, surgeon,
deceased, are requested to communicate at once with the undersigned.
It is believed that Mr. Bird was born in London, and apprenticed
there, and from thence went to Croydon about the year 1820 or 1821.
It is also believed that his father and mother formerly lived at
Grantham, in Lincolnshi.
W. H. ROWLAND, Solicitor, 93, High-Street, Croydon.
JOHN
VHITTOW, late of Tottenham-court-road,
 London,
Ahn  p e rson who will  gi

such INFORMA¬
TION as will enable the advertisers to ascertaint
present abode or
date of death and place of burial, of the above named, who resided at

ove address in 1841, will be remunerated for their trouble on
applics
to McLeod, Stenning, and Watney, solicitors, 16, London¬


treet, E.C.
MARY FISHBURN, deceased.—Mary Fishburn,
whose maiden name was Mary Dodds, died at Richmond, in York¬
shire, in 1867. If THOMAS MARTIN, John Martin, Mary Elizabeth
Martin, and Robert Martin, who emigrated to the United States of
America, and are the grandchildren of her sister Elizabeth, will APPLY
to Messrs. J. W. and C. Hunton, solicitors, in Richmond, Yorkshire,
England, they will hear of something to their advantage. Thomas
Martin, in 1864, was in the employment of Messrs. Campbell and Jones,
Denver City, Colorado Territory, United States of America. American
toe s e ce oen
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LOST, on Friday,
5th, in Westbourne-grove, a BLACK and WHITE FOXY DOG,
"Tiny." A black mark over one eye. To be brought to
No. 12. Upper Phillimore-place, Kensington.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Friday
afternoon, a CORAL NECKLACE, in going from Covent¬
garden to the Thames Embankment by way of Essex-Street, Strand,
and back by way of Charing-cross, St. Martin's-lane, and Long-asre.
Whoever brings the same to Bedford Hotel, Covent-garden, shall re¬
ceive the reward.
TO CABMEN.—LEFT in a Hansom CAB, on Friday
evening, which took a fare from Chancery-lane rank to 7 o'clock
train, Great Western Railway, a BROWN PAPER PARCEL, con¬
taining a solicitor's diary. Whoever will take the same to Mr.
Marshall, law stationer, Brownlow-street, Holborn, shall be RE¬
WARDI for their trouble.
CAION.—To Bankers, Bill Brokers, and others.—
GLEN, from W. Mars and Son's counting-house, 59, Grange¬
walk, Bermondsey, a CASH BOX, containing, among other papers, a
bill for £100, dated Sep. 11, 1868, at five months, drawn by W. Rich on
John Hudson, due Feb. 14, 1869, at London and County Bank, Lom¬
bard-street. Payment of the above is stopped. ONE POUND RE¬
WARD for the restoration of the above hill and papers, and convinc¬
tion of the thief.
ONE HUNDRED and FIFTY POUNDS RE¬
WARD.—STOLEN, between 6.30 p.m. and 8.45 p.m., on the
13th January, from Gunnersbury-house, Acton, Middlesex, the follow¬
ing PROPERTY, valued at upwards of £500, viz.:—
First Part.—Half-hoop ring, three fine emeralds, diamonds between
and on either side ; cluster ring, almandme set round with brilliants;
ring, coloured gold, forget-me-not leaves and turquoise flowers; brooch,
red cameo, likoness of a gentleman, set in a rim of gold almost plain;
brooch, enamel "Vierge à la Chaise" square; brooch, small, aqua¬
marine, scarcely half an inch long, and very simply set; brooch, Indian
miniature, Hindoo temple, silver filigree setting; bracelet to match,
seven small miniatures, similar subjects, also fillgree setting; brooch,
two very small oval Roman Mosaies, baskets of flowers, the ground
imitation of avanturine, each set in brillants, old; bracelets, pure
coral beads, three rows, and coral cameo clasps set in gold; locket,
with large sapphire, set clear, and a few small diamonds, with white
and orange enamel ; locket, dull gold, on one side raised Maltese cross,
emeralds and diamonds, reverse T.F. monogram, in green enamel, also
raised, photograph and hair inside ; twisted gold necklace, turquoise
clasp, old-fashioned.
Second Part.—Large diamond spray brooch, flowers and foliage;
diamond cluster ring, stones set in silver; diamond bracelet, plain gold
band, with two black enamel lines, stones set in a buckle and slide, in¬
scription engraved inside E.F., ciphers reversed "In memory of my
dear father," and dates of birth and death; half-hoop ring, five opals;
ring, with small opal and brillants in black enamel; cluster ring, four
pearls and five rubies, set in white enamel and gold; ring, lapis lazuli,
pointed oval, set round with small pearls; ring, sapphire and two dia¬
monds; two bright purple paste or enamel guard rings, cut to represent
stones, and of very old workmanship; uncommon small wedding and
guard rings; pearl necklace, mounted on mother of pearl, pattern
links; pearl tie brooch to match, with two drop tassels; pair of pearl
bracelets, set with hair in clasps; imitation pearl necklace, mounted
in mother of pearl, with tie, heart and cross pendant brooch, pearls
and rubies, on a tie, several good-sized stones, old-fashioned setting;
brooch, yellow topaz, on a twist and topaz pendant; brooch,
turquoise spray, flower and leaves, from Florence; brooch,
cameo, gray classic head "Arethusa;" brooch, enamel, view
of the Jung-Frau, from Interlachen, Geneva; enamel bracelets
to match, with views of the lake (with hair bands) all oval; brooch,
pink corals, size of sweet pea seeds, set in a circular gold cup modern;
brooch, plain gold, oval stiff pattern, modern; brooch, gold serpent,
with three or four turquoise in head; brooch, Roman mosaic, on blue
ground, Etruscan pattern setting; brooch, malachite leaf, silver setting;
malachite bracelet, silver gilt setting, seven or eight stones, octagon
shaped; bracelet, plain gold, leaves and berries alternate; bracelet,
gold band (flexible), centre almandine and opals, with pendant; bracelet,
oxidized silver and gold, simple link chain, with cross, heart and anchor
pendants bracelet, crystals (query six stones), gilt and black setting;
bracelet, silver gilt, "Dieu vous garde' on back enamel ground, bracelet,
old-fashioned, miniature of gentleman, twisted band of metal; lockets,
two small gold, engraved, with hair; locket, small gold, embossed en¬
amelled wreath of forget-me-nots; ring, enamelled forget-me nots; set
of fine Roman mosaies, on dark blue enamel grounds, consisting of square
brooch. "The Pantheon." Rome chaininecklet and pendant, landscape
"Tivoli" (), earrings "Temple of Vesta," and another ruin; gold brequet
chain, with four pendants, viz.:-perpetual calendar, gold and silver garnet
centre, gold telescope pencil-case, seal like a daisy cup, with blood stone,
Bramah key, not gold; strong chain necklet, gold, with turquoise circular
pendant; heavy gold chain, full length, double links; small German
garnet ornament, with enamel head set of Algerian ornaments, with
coral beads, bracelet, brooch, double waistbuckle, and solitaires; all
the pieces circular; head fillet of Roman pearls with tassels; pair of
bracelets, Roman pearls; very small vinaigrette, silver; small ivory
brooch, red rose and green leaves; small brooch, coloured gold leaves.
flowers in china, broken, very old; chain of small foreign seeds and
steel beads, arranged alternately; pair of chased gold solitaires, pair
of enamelled ditto, figures of a man and a woman; and very old table¬
spoon, engraved I. S.
The above reward will be paid by Messrs. Ware and Westall, solici¬
tors, 1, Copthall-court, Throgmorton-street, E.C., to any person giving
such information as will lead to the conviction of the thief or thieves
and the recovery of the property, or in proportion thereof; and espe¬
cially of the property in the first part of the list. Information to
Detective Police Great Scotland-yard, S.W.—London, February, 1869.
TO Mr. WILLIAM JOHN BARRETT.—Notice is
hereby given you, that an Order was made by the Vice-Chancellor
Sir Richard Malins, on the 29th day of January, 1869, in a cause
wherein Joseph Esdaile, one of the registered public officers of a com¬
pany or copartnership called "The London and Westminster Bank,"
for and on behalf of the said Company, is plaintiff, and Sarah Jane
Teversham, spinster, and you, the said William John Barrett (out of
the jurisdiction), are defendants, whereby it was ordered that the
plaintiff should be at liberty to insert in the London Gazette and The
Times newspaper a NOTICE of REPLICATION in the before-men¬
tioned cause having been filed, and that publication of such notice in
manner aforesaid should be deemed, from the time when the insertion
thereof in the London Gazette and The Times newspaper should have
been made, good service upon you, the defendant, William John Bar¬
rett; and you, the defendant, William John Barrett, are, by such
order, to be allowed eight weeks from the date of the insertion of the
said notice for the purpose of entering into evidence. In pursuance of
such order, notice is hereby given you, that on the 27th day of January,
1869, replication in such cause was filed in the form following:—
1868. E. No. 33.—In Chancery. — Between Joseph Esdaile, one of the
registered public officers of a company or copartnership called The
London and Westminster Bank, for and on behalf of the said Couipany.
plaintiff; Sarah Jane Teversham, spinster, and William John Barrett
out of the jurisdiction), defendants.
The plaintiff in this cause hereby loins issue with the defendants.
ROY and CARTWRIGHT, of 4, Lothbury, in the city of
London, Plaintiff's Solicitors.
NOTICE.—, the undersigned John Fowle, fiorist
and nurseryman, carrying on business at Holland-street, Brixton-¬
road, Surrey, as "Fowle and Son," will for the future continue to
do so under the style of "John Fowle" only.
8th February 1869.
JOHN FOWLE.
NOTICE.—Messrs. GEORGE BUTLER and Co.,
public accountants and auditors, of Nos. 13 and 14, King-street,
Cheapside, in the city of London, hereby give notice, that they are not
in any
neeted with an
the sam e 

signed George Butier removed from 27, Basinghall-street, London, to
the present offices at 13 and 14, King-street, Cheapside, London, E.C.,
in August. 1860. —Dated this 8th day of January, 1869.
GEORGE BUTLER, of the firm of George Butler and Co.
PETROLEUM ACTS, 1862 and 1868.—Guildhall.—
Notice is hereby given, that, from and after the 1st of February
inst., it will be ILLEGAL to KEEP or SELL, or Expose for Sale
within the city of London, any description of PETROLEUM which
gives off an inflammable vapour at a temperature of less than 100
degrees of Fahrenheit's thermometer, without a license granted in ac¬
cordance with the Petroleum Statutes, and using the labels prescribed
by the said Statute, except as to such Petroleum as may be kept for
private use, or beyond 50 yards from a dwelling-house or a building
in which goods are stored. The penalty for contravention of these
rovisions of the Statute is £20 per day and the forfeiture of the
Petroleum. The Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen are the local
authority within the city of London for the granting of licenses, and
application for the same must be made at the Town Clerk's office, where
every information on the subject can be obtained daily, between the
hours of 10 and 4 o'clock. The Inspectors of Weights and Measures
for the city of London are the persons who, according to the provisions
of the Act, are to inspect and test all petroleum kept, offered, or ex¬
posed for sale within the city of London and its liberties. The offices
of the inspectors are at Guildhall.	WOODTHORPE.
Guildhall, February, 1860.
NOTICE.— Preservation of Negatives.—Monsieur
ADOLPHE BEAU begs to announce that he has secured from
Monsieur Silvy all the NEGATIVES, for the destruction of which no
formal order has been given, and they are actually TRANSFERRED
to his atelier, 283, Regent-street, where copies may be obtained.
NOTICE.—Mr. C. F. HANCOCK, senior partner
of the firm of C. F. Hancock, Son, and Co., 39, Bruton-street,
corner of Bond-street, begs respectfully to inform his patrons that he
will retire from business at the end of the present year; the firm
for the future will consist of his son, Mr. Mortimer Hancock, Mr.
Stewart, and Mr. Dore. In consequence of the retirement of the senior
partner, the whole of the valuable stock of DIAMONDS, Jewellery,
Plate, and Works of Art, in gold and silver, is now being SOLD at
greatly reduced pricet te.
TAKE notice, that John Fox, of No. 1, Spring¬
street, Hyde-park, chymist, has this day carried out the final
terms of his agreement with me, the undersigned William Holmes,
dated the 1st day of July, 1859, for the purchase, by the said John Fox,
of me, of the goodwill, stock in trade, fixtures, and things belonging to
the said business of a chymist, at No. 1, Spring-street, and that from
and after this day the said BUSINESS will be CARRIED ON by the
said JOHN FOX, and will belong absolutely and solely to him, and
that my only business premises now are No. 96, Westbourne-grove,
Paddington. —Dated this 4th day of February, 1869
WILLIAM HOLMES.
Witness—H. W. M. Jackson, Solicitor, 25, Lincoln's-inn-field
MPORTANT NOTICE.—The GLASS, and CHINA
SHOW ROOMS, in the Bazaar, Baker-street, lately occupied by
Messrs. Pellatt and Co., are now RE-OPENED by W. T. STANDISH,
and have been entirely redecorated and arranged to suit in every de¬
gree the convenience of parties furnishing. The whole of the stock,
comprising goods from all the leading manufacturers, will be found
well worthy of a visit. The show rooms are open free to the public.
Every article marked in plain figures.
W. T. S. at the same time wishes to inform the public generally that
he is in no way connected with Messrs. Pellatt and Co., and would feol
obliged by all orders, per post, being addressed, as before, W. T.
Standish, glass aand china show rooms, Bazaar, Baker-street; also at
drous-road, St. John's-wood.
BOLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES instituted with secrecy and despatch
in divorce and other cases, by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington-green.
THE RANTOONE VELOCIPEDE may be had of
CHARLES POMEROY- BUTTON, Nos. 142and 143, Cheap¬
E.C.
CAUTION.—The Velocipede Company's (Compagnie
ny.
tae e e elocepedes) offices are at 14, Strand.—A. DAVIS,
who is SOLE 
takes charge of all orders and
nquiries for the FRENCH VELOCIPEDE.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—JAMES LOCKE and
Co. have REMOVED from No. 127, Regent-street, to No. 8, Sa¬
vile-row, W.
