OLIVER.—Dick has been seriously ill; going to
Dover for a fortnight.
. J.M.—For the sake of your mother and sisters do
anot let the hasty step of Saturday destroy the prospects of your
 Come to your father at once, or write to your uncle at Cano
ury before it is too late. Matters shall be satisfactorily arranged.
THE GENTLEMAN, whose carriage ran over a
boy on Saturday fortnight, May 2, in Holland-street, Clagham
will oblige by COMMUNICATING with Mrs. Howard,
No. 18, William-street, Dorset-street, Clapham-road.
IF this should MEET the EYE of GEORGE
FREDERICK ADOLPHUS H., who left Buntingford, Herts, on
May 11th, if he will WRITE, and return to his unhappy parents, all
will be forgie e.
WANTED, by the heir at law of T. A. WALTON,
of Cleveland, Ohio, United States, who visited England in the
year 1863, any INFORMATION from bankers, brokers, or others, of
any MONEY now on deposit to his credit, or investments made by him.
Such information to be forwarded to Messrs. Cunningham, Shaw, and
Co., Liverpool; or T. Walton, Cleveland, Ohio, United States.
WILLIAM.—Your attention is called to the ad¬
vertisement which appeared in the Daily Telegraph of April 30,
and to which you replied on the same day. It is of the utmost im
portance that you should COMMUNICATE further, and this you car
now do without any risk to yourself. The Rev. John Kennedy, 27,
Stenney-green, or the Rev. Alex. Hannay, 18, South-Street, Finsbury,
will be glad to receive any communication from you. The most per¬
fect secrecy will be preserved.
CRIPPLED BOYS' INDUSTRIAL HOME, Ken¬
sington.—The Hon. Secretary ACKNOWLEDGES, with grateful
thanks, a TEN POUND BANK of ENGLAND NOTE, T-G. 52,847,
for the Home, from an Anonymous Friend.
LOST, CERTIFICATE, No. 9,488, for £1,000,
London and South-Western Railway
ed Stock. 
REWARD will be paid for the above by H. Levy, 82, Old Broad
street, E.C.
LOST, between Gower-street Station and Shoolbred's
Tottenham-court-road, on Tuesday, the 12th inst., a GOLD,

and CHAIN, with charms (maker.
Leroy and Fils). Good REWARD will be given. Address Mrs. Dromer,
No. 45, Lansdowne-road, Notting-hill,
LOST.—LEFT in a CAB, on May 15 (taken from
the Gt. Northern to Clapham-park), by a young lady and her
maid, a BLACK LACE SHAWL, with coloured border. Whoever
will take the same to 24 Hemingford-road, Barnsbury, shall receive
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, in passage from Paddington to Reading, by
the 4.50 p.m. train, on Thursday, May the 14th, a CARPETBAG,
bearing a brass label with "R. Barlow," and addressed "Miss Barlow,
No. 10, Victoria-square, Reading." Any person into whose hands the
bag may have come is requested to forward it to 10, Victoria-square,
Reading.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Wed¬
nesday evening, the 15th, on leaving the Haymarket Theatre, or
Dropped, in a Hansom, which took a lady and gentleman to 47, Wey¬
mouth-Street, a STRING of PEARLS, with a silver filigree and tur¬
quoise pendant attached. Whoever will
i to 47, Weymouth¬
et, Portland-place, shall receive the above reward.
CA
TION to BANKERS, Bill Brokers, and others.
—LOST, on the e e
h 1 1 4 n s  t, a BILL for £ 6 la.
by J. C.
Ritter and Co. on S


payable in London on 25th inst., at the banking-house of Messrs.
Williaun
Paeaoon, and Co. Payment of the above has beer
topped.
and
any information respecting it is requested to be given to Mr. Henry

Na , N.

A REWARD.—LOST
May 9, sup¬
posed to have been left in co
taken abouté p.m. the 9th inst.,
from 14, Hyde-park-stretd
or left in the first class waiting room,
Waterloo Station, a GREEN MOROCCO-LEATHER BAG, contain¬
t e en a ad amethyst locket, double smelling bottle, and sundry


ings of little value except to the owner. Apply at the
okstall, Waterloo Station, Main Line.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in transmis¬
sion through
e post, a BANK POST-BILL, at 60 days' sight,
No.
ed 21st January, 186.
319.,
 payment f
111 12s.
which has been stopped at the Bank of England), enclosed in a regis
tered lettered, on the 22d January, 1868, addressed to Mr. David S.
Samuel, 607, Montgomery-street, San Francise.
Callfornia. Whoever
will give such n
ormation as will lead to the
overy of the same,

month, to Sampson Samuel, 36, Finsbury-circus,
E.C., shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, a DOG, which will be restored on a correct
description being sent by letter first) and expenses paid. Address
Lord's, stationer, 6, Gloucester-terrace, Kensington-gate, W
FOUND, in Burton-street, a small ROUND
LOCKET, containing hair. Initials "M. M." outside and date
inside. Any person calling at J. Frith's, 221, Ebury-street, can have
bay paying for this advertisemer
FOUND, on Monday, 18th inst., at Her Majesty's
Opera-house, Covent-garden,a POCKET HANDKERCHIEF.
The owner may obtain it by giving a description and paying for this
advertisement. Apply at 26, Northumberland-street, Charing-cross,
after 6 o'clock n e e
GREYHOUND, FOLLOWED a gentleman from
near Bromley, Kent, on Saturday last. Owner can have
me on description and payment of advertisement. Address A. B.,
Ir. Wenham's, greengrocer, Blackheath.
MR. DEAN, of 8, Princes-street, Cavendish-square,
LEFT, late in 1866, with W. Wayre, 96, Oxford-street, some
BEAR SKINS; unless the same are taken away within one month
from this date, they will be SOLD to defray expenses incurred.—
May 19, 1868.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been m

Bank of
Eingland to direct the payment of 16 dividends on the sum of
£323 6s. 7d. Ne .
nuities, heretofoe.
Cent.
standing in the
a er  of C
RLES MUNCEY, of
il eo.

dividends were paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction
the
e
ceof the first thereof having remained.
unclaimed since the 5th April, 1858;—Notice is hereby give


areemonths from this date, the said Dividends will
be paid to Charles Muncey, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of
ENGLAND.—No. 4,460.— The FRANZ HUGER.—Whereas a
cause of

to e e en
aoed ein

of England, on behalf of William Robinson Mar
Aa  e e a nl 
ar¬
son.
teretat Grinn.

Lincoln, timbe
then t th e re
otomry Bonds on the ship or ves,
Franz Huger, her cargo and freight, against the said vessel, her tackle
apparel, and
uniture, and the e

a en therein, to¬
gether with the freight due for the transpos

ee
whereas the said vess e l s e e
lyning in the Royal Dock, Grimsby, under
b ye
arres
toe e a arant is e e oe
the Registry of the said
Court, and no appearance has been entered in the said cause, this is to
give notice to all persons who have oron

TE Ttitle,
tere.
in the said vessel, that if an appearance in the said cane
be.




publication of this notice, the Judge of the said Court w


sel to be sold, to answer the clain
instituted or to be in¬
stituted against the same, or to make such order in the premises ast
him shall seem right.—Dated the 18th day of May, 1864
H. A.

ta nd e aisto re¬
Notice of sale of ship, taken out by Clarkson, Son, and Cooper,
No. 24. Carter-Lane, London, Agents for C. M. B. Veal, Great Grimsby.
NOTICE to TRADESMEN and others.—The under¬
signed Sir John B. W. S. Gardiner, of Roche-court, in the county
of Southampton, Baronet, hereby gives public notice, that he is no
longer residing at No.65 (late 37), Brook-street, Grosvenor-square, Mid¬
dlesex. He further gives notice, that no person has any authority to
pledge his credit, nor to incur any debt or liability in his name or on
his behalf. — Dated the 8th day of May, 1868.
JOHN B. W. S. GARDINER.
All persons having claims against Sir John B. W. S. Gardiner are
requested to send in their accounts to his solicitors, Messrs. Domville,
Lawrence, and Graham, 6, New-square, Lincoln's-inn, London, W.C.
CAUTION.—MINTON's CHINA.—Messrs.
PELLATT and Co., of 25, Baker-street, glass manufacturers to the
Queen, are the s o e
sesentatives of Minton and Co., for the sale of
their china and manufactures in Baker-street.
CAUTION.—FOREIGN VINEYARD ASSOCIA¬
TION (Limited), Joint-Stock Wine Company, established 1854.—
Letters being frequently misdirected, notice is given that the only ad¬
dress is 200, Regent-street, W., and sole manager W. H. PALMER, Esq.
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Queen
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONLY
ADDRESS is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street. W
CAUTION.—The CISTERN and other FILTERS,
officially adopted by Government for the Abyssinian army, the
iron-plated ships, barracks, military stores, &c., and so highly spoken
of by Dr. Frankland during the late visitation of cholera (see The
Times, Oct. 24th, 1866), can only be obtained at ATKINS's 62, Fleet-st.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of
obtaining the genuine tinted lenses should apply only direct to them,
at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, opposite Crawley's Hotel.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHER's QUEEN's READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPIC LAMPS as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family. The public are cautioned against in¬
ferior imitations, M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-street, being
the sole inventor and manufacturer of these celebrated lamps. Draw¬
ings and prices post free.
CAUTION.—HOWARD and SONS' PATENT
PARQUET FLOORING, No. 1,548, is entirely made by steam
machinery, at the Cleveland Works, and, unlike fo.

guaranteed to stand.—All persons are CAUTIONED ags
imita¬
tions and infringing this patent.—Howard and Sons, 26 and 27, Berners¬
street, Oxford-street, W.
CAUTION.—ENAMELLED SLATE.—The public
sses—


titationg now
being mad
MAGNUS's ENAMELLED SLATE; for the most part
wretched attempts, and the best of which bear no comparison to the
productions of the inventor and orig,
each of which is


Pinlico Siate


Buckingham Palace-road.

AUTION.—Ice
tafe
—The WENHAM LAKE

that every  
STOR, or

e safe of their manufacture, bears their name and trade
No  firmly
fixed to the inside, to imitate which is felony. This notice has become
necessary in oon¬
uence of the numerous imitations of their refrige¬

quality, got up and represented to be the same a

ole office. W.
aan Lake lce Company, 140, Stranen.
C.
TION.—WI.
CA.
reas, it h n n cn end
to the know¬
ledge of SALMON, ODY, and Co., patent trussmakers to His
late Majesty William IV., that circulars are being issued likely to lead
their customers and the public to suppose that the business of the
above firm has passed to a stranger, S., O., and Co. beg respectfully to
state that such is not the case, but that the business is conducted by
R. H. Ody, grandson of the late John Ody (by whom it was established
in 1806), at 292. Strand, only,  on n o n
CAUTION.—
he PISTON
REEZING MACHINE
and
SE COMPANY beg to inform the p
the h ahatae e y have
tie ene er th e ice business of the late Ge.
ge Simpson, includ.

valn
ble patents Ash's celebrated Piston Freezing Machine, Ash's
Filtering Ice Safes, &c. They further notify

Company has no

unconne


he future none of their patented articles will be supplied but from
e Company's sole office, 315c, Oxfon.
street, near Harcwood d g,
S.
CAUTION.—In consequence of frequent misrepre¬
sentations, E. MOSES and SON, merchant tailors, outfitters, &c.,
find it necessary to state that they do not employ any travellers or
agents, and that their only establishments are the undermentioned:—
London Houses.
Corner of Minories and Aldgate.
tetr.

oorne
of Hart-street.

and Euston-road.
Country Branch,
hre.
o r  on
CAUTION.—Water Filtration.—To prevent
mistakes the public are informed that the latest patented filter in
general
is the DANCHELL PATENT CISTERN
WILTER
(patent sealed Sept. 29, 1863), which has superseded all others ivide Pro¬

—
July, 1866 and Nov.,

se.
hout
te tion whatever. Can be re e,
filling o 
tre in nond

ae e ea.
of the LONDONanGENE
WATER
PURIFYING COMPANY, 157, Strand, four doors from Somerset¬
SAMPSON LOW and Co. beg to notify the
REMOVAL of their business from Ludgate-hill to the Crown¬
buildings, 188, Fleet-street.
English publication business entrance, 188, Fleet-street.
American bookselling business entrance, 188, Fleet-street.
The Publishers' Circular office, 188, Fleet-street.
Export and country department, Clifford's-inn-passage.
All communications may now be addressed as above.
SAMPSON LOW, SON, and MARSTON, English, American,
and Colonial Booksellers and Publishers.
CLAYTON and Co., Atlas Works, Woodfield¬
road, Harrow-road, W.—Patent Brick, Tile, and Drain-pipe
Machinery.—Whereas certain workmen, recently in our employ,
having issued a circular, signed "Paine, Slaughter, and Amor," repre¬
senting that the business of the above works had ceased to be carried
seeerenstsmpersressaor
chines to those for which we have obtained a world-wide reputation,
—
lars having been deliberately framed to deceive them and the public

Chancellor Sir Richard Malins an INJUNCTION, restraining the

from otherwise representing or inducing, or attempting to induce, any
person or persons to believe that our business is no longer carried on
and whereas the above workmen having, also, while in our employ,
improperly made use of numerous valuable patterns of machinery be¬
longing to us, the Vice-Chancellor Malins also granted an Injunction
restraining them from making use of any such patterns or any castings
taken therefrom. — Dated this 18th day of May, 186
H. CLAYTON and Co.
