WIOLETTE.—I have kept my promise faithfully,
and will continue to do so. If you wish, the old address and
initials will find me up to the end of this month, August.—Yours ever
the same, PHILP PHILIPSON.
BENJAMIN APLIN HOWE, artist.—WANTED,
the PRESENT ADDRESS of the above person if alive, or his
Place of Burial if dead, as property is held on his life. Apply to
Joseph Hickman, College-street, Bristo.
RUAHINE (SHIP), recently arrived from New
Zealand.—Any lady having come by that ship and having beer
entrusted with LETTERS for England is requested to FORWARD
them forthwith.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £57 1s.6d. New £3 10s. per Cent. Annui¬
ties, 1854, heretofore standing in the names of THOMAS TILSON, of
Brixton-hill, Esq., and MARY ANNE HOLLINGWORTH, of Fins¬
bury-square, widow, and which was transferred to the said Commis¬
sioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained un¬
claimed since the 5th July, 1859; Notice is hereby given, that on the
expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will be
Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Sir Thomas Tilson
Knight, and Mary Anne Hollingworth, who have claimed the same, un¬
less some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
LOST, THREE TURKISH BONDS (£100 each,
Five per Cents.), Nos. 109841, 109853, 49888. As they have been
pped, they are of value only to the owner. The finder will be RE¬
WARDED. Apply to Messrs. Clapham, 11, Throgmorton-street.
LOST (supposed to be in a cab going from the Cre¬
morne-gardens to Park-walk), a BROWN (or mouse coloured)
CASHMERE OVERCOAT, lined with silk to match. A liberal
REWARD will be given if taken to the Langham Hotel.—CharlesD.
Stewart, Room 63, Langham Hotel.
LOST, on the 6th instant, between Hampton-court
Station and 2, Oxford-villas, East Moulsey, a LETTER-CASE,
containing letters, one key, and two tickets, of no value save to the
owner. Whoever will take it to No. 2, Oxford-villas, East Moulsey,
men
LOST, TWO CERTIFICATES for CONSOLI¬
DATED STOCK in the EAST INDIAN RAILWAY COM¬
PANY, in names of George Aunger Michell and John Haye, both of
Redruth, No. 75,168, £1,000 Stock, and No. 85,351, £100 Stock. Any
person sending them to the above parties shall be REWARDED.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 3d
inst., travelling by rail from Taplow to Paddington, and thence
from Praed-street to-Baker-Street and St. John's-wood-road, a SINGLE
STONE DIAMOND RING, a seal with compass, and gold watch-key.
Apply to Frederic Ouvry, Esq., 66, Lincoln's-inn-fields.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
evening last, in the neighbourhood of Queen's-gate, a ROUND
BROOCH, of cut garnets set in gold. Whoever will take the same to
No. 1, Hyde-park-terrace, Kensington-gore, shall receive the above

LOST DOGS.—Owners of lost dogs are recommended
to inquire at the TEMPORARY HOME for LOST DOGS,
Hollingworth-Street, St. James's-road, Hol
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of
ENGLAND.—The PRINCESS of WALES.—Whereas a cause of
bottomry has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of Eng¬
land, on behalf of Messrs. W. A. and G. Maxwell and Company,
of Liverpool, in the county of Lancaster, the legal holders of a
bottomry bond on the schooner or vessel Princess of Wales, her cargo
and freight against the said vessel, her tackle, apparel, and furniture,
and the cargo now or lately laden therein, together with the freight
due for the transportation thereo.
and whereas the said vessel is now
lying in Cattewater, in the port of Plymouth, under arrest, by virtue
of a warrant issued from the Registry of the said Court, and no
appearance has been entered in the said cause:—This is to give notice
to all persons who have or claim to have any RIGHT, Title, or
interest in the said VESSEL Princess of Wales, that if an appearance
in the said cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court within
six days from the publication of this notice, the Judge of the said
Court will order the said vessel Princess of Wales to be sold, to answer
the claims instituted or to be instituted against the same, or make
such order in the premises as to him shall seem right.—Dated the 4th
day of August, 1863
H. A. BATHURST.
Notice of Sale of Vessel, taken out by Pritchard and Sons, 18, Great
Knightrider-street, Doctors'-commons, Agents for Bateson, Robinson,
and Morris, Liverpool.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—The CITY of BUENOS AYRES and the BISMARCK.—
No. 4.927.—Whereas in a cause instituted in the High Court of Admi¬
ralty of England on behalf of the London, Belgium, Brazil, and River
Plate and Royal Mail Steamship Company (Limited), the owners of
the steamship or vessel City of Buenos Ayres as plaintiffs,
against the owners of the steamship Bismarck, and the owners of the
cargo lately laden therein and the master and crew of the said vessel
proceeding for their private effects on board thereof, and against al
and every other person or persons whatever interested in the said
vessel Bismarck, or the cargo or effects laden therein, or having any
right, claim, or interest whatever with reference to, or arising out of
collision which occurred on or about the 19th day of December, 1868,
between the said vessels City of Buenos Avres and Bismarck, for the
purpose of having the amount of the said plaintiffs' liability deter.
mined in respect of the loss or damage caused to the said vessel Bis¬
marck, and to any goods, merchandise, or other things whatsoever,
by reason of the improper navigation of the said vessel City of Buenos
Ayres, whereby the said collision occurred; and also for distribution
of the said amount rateably among the persons entitled to participate
therein, the Judge of the said Court did, on the 15th day of June,
1869, among other things, pronounce that in respect of loss or damage
to ship's goods, merchandise, or other things caused as aforesaid, the
owners of the said steam vessel City of Bnenos Ayres are answerable
in damages to an amount not exceeding £10,514, such sum being at
the rate of £8 for each ton of the registered tonnage of the said steam
vessel City of Buenos Ayres, without deduction on account of engine
room. This is therefore to give notice to all persons having any
CLAIM in respect of the loss or damage caused as aforesaid, that if
they do not come in and enter their claims in the said cause, on or be¬
fore the 15th day of September, 1869, they will be excluded from shar¬
ing in the aforesaid amount. —Dated this 12th day of July, 1869,
H. A. BATHURST, Assistant Registrar.
Taken out by Rothery and Co., 6, Godliman-Street, Doctors'-com¬
NOTICE.—The Postmaster-General having decided
that it is his duty to return to the writers, as "insufficiently
addressed," all letters directed without initials or number to "Smee
and Compy., Finsbury," John Henry Smee and Company urgently
request their correspondents to DIRECT their LETTERS and
ORDERS in full, as under
JOHN HENRY SMEE and COMPY., 20, Finsbury-¬
pavement, Moorgate Terminus.
TRADE MARK.—FISHER, 188, Strand, begs to
notify that his trade mark is a gold garter, with his name and
address inside. Such mark will be placed on all DRESSING BAGS,
Travelling Bags, and Portmanteaus that he manufactures. Beware of
imitations. Catalogues post free.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE. —Each bottle of
this celebrated sance, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON,
bears the label used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby
CAUTION.—BETTSS CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of capsules made in contravention
of his rights, which necessarily are numerous, Betts being the original
inventor and sole maker in the United Kingdom.—1, Wharf-road,
City-road, London; and Bordeaux, France.—April 8, 1869.
CAUTION.-HARRIS'S SPECTACLES.—THOMAS
HARRIS and SON CAUTION the public against persons using
their name. Their business, established 1780, is solely conducted at 52,
Great Russell-street, opposite the British Museum-gate, where only can
be had their celebrated spectacles, opera and field glasses. No travellers,
CAUTION.—WOOD TAPESTRY, in lieu of Paint¬
ing or Paperin
Patent No. 2,138.—HOWARD and SONS,
decorators, of 26 and 27, Berners-street, find it necessary to caution the
public against any infringement of this patent, as imitations are being
offered for sale, and both purchasers and dealers are liable to the
penalties under the patent laws.—26 and 27, Berners-street, W.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted and registered achromatic lenses should
apply only direct to them, at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
CAUTION to PURCHASERS of STEEL PENS.—
JOSEPH GILLOTT, pen maker to the Queen, having been in¬
formed that hawkers and others vending steel pens frequently repre¬
sent themselves falsely as being his travellers and coming direct from
his establishment, desires to caution the public against such impostors,
and to state that his representatives do not call upon consumers.—
Victoria Works, Birmingham.
CAUTION. —STURROCKS PATENT
SPRINKLER BOTTLE CAP (by Royal and Imperial English
and French letters patent), suitable for perfumes, can de cologne,
hair washes, vinegars, sances, &c. All parties are cautioned against
making, using, or selling imitations of the above. Each cap is stamped
"Sturrock's Patent."—-Sturrock and Sons, Glasgow and Edinburgh;
London office, 25, Milk-Street, Cheapside.
CAUTION.—ICE SAFES.—The Filtering Refrige¬
rator (Ash's Patent), the Piston Freezing Machine (Ash's Patent),
the Improved Double-wall lee Water Pitcher (Registered by Ash), are
sold exclusively by the Piston Freezing Machine and Ice Company
who are now the sole proprietors of these celebrated articles.—PISTON
FREEZING MACHINE and ICE COMPANY, 315e, Oxford-street,
W. (near Hanover-square-gate).
CAUTION.—PETTIT and Co., 459, 460, 461, New
Oxford street, are the INVENTORS and PATENTEES of the
AMIANTH GAS FIRE. No smoky ceilings with their patent Mica
Covers, boiling and kettle stands, hot plates, stoves for cooking and
heating fitted with their patent air and gas buruers, boilers for baths,
conservatories, engines, hot-water work, gas fittings, electrical bells.

CAUTION.—Carriage purchasers should be careful
as most iferior carriages are frequently advertised, and if de¬
siring the best but cheapest carriage should visit the establishments
of LAMBERT and Co. before decision, where they will find every de¬
scription of NEW and SECOND-HAND CARRIAGES of best manu¬
facture at lowest possible prices. Note.—29 and 66, Great Queen-street,

, North-St., Clapham. Drawings sent for six stamps.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. EPHRAIM
MOSELY, Surgeon-Dentist, late of 9, Grosvenor-street, announces
that he has REMOVED to No. 5, four doors nearer Bond-street,
where he may be consulted as usual.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mrs. CARTER (nee
Stubbs), Juvenile and Ladies' Outfitter, respectfully offering her
thanks to the nobility and gentry, her customers, for their kind and
valued patronage, begs to inform them that, in consequence of the
large increase or her business, she will REMOVE to the more commo¬
dious premises, No. 8, Hanover-street, Hanover-square, on the 20th
September next; where, by unremitting attention, she hopes to merit
acontinuance of their past favours.—Aug. 9, 1869,
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. FREDK. DAVIS,
importer, purchaser, and valuer of old Sevres, Chelsea, Worcester,
Dresden, and other rare china and works of art in general, begs to in¬
form the nobility, gentry, and public that he has REMOVED from
100 New Bond-street, to his new gallery, 5, Pall-mall, W. (nearly op¬
posite Marlborough-house), where his valuable collection of old Sevres,
other rare porcelaines and objects of art are always on sale. N.B. F. D.
continues to purchase rare old china and curiosities to any amoupt.
NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs respectfully to intorm her customers and ladies of the
nobility her establishment will in future be CLOSED at 5 o'clock on


NOTICE—GASK and GASK (late Grant and Gask),
Silkmereers, beg to announce that their ESTABLISHMENT
will in future be CLOSED at TWO O'CLOCK on SATURDAYS.—
Nos. 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, Oxford-street, 3, 4, and 5, Wells-st., London,
NOTICE.—PATENT NORWEGIAN SELF¬
ACTING PORTABLE COOKING APPARATUS and SIMPLE
REFRIGERATOR.—S. W. SILVER and Co., 66 and 67, Cornhill, and
Nos. 2, 3, and 4, Bishopsgate within, London, are the sole licensees and
manufacturers.
NOTICE.—Mr. C. F. HANCOCK, senior partner
of the firm of C. F. Hancock, Son, and Co., 39, Bruton-street,
corner of Bond-street, begs respectiully to inform his patrons that he
will retire from business at the end of the present year; the firm
for the future will consist of his son, Mr. Mortiiner Hancock, Mr.
Stewart, and Mr. Dore. In consequence of the retirement of the senior
partner, the whole of the valuable stock of DIAMONDS, Jewellery,
Plate, and Works of Art, in gold and silver, is now being SOLD at
greatly reduced prices
NOTICE.—At an inquest held at Islington a few
days since on the hodies of two children, who died from the effects
poisoning, through sucking some lucifer matches, the Coroner said,
"Had the matches been Bryant and May's the children would not
 been poisoned."
cannot
ohe at
BRYANT and MAYS PATENT SAFETY MATCHES are not
poisonous, and that they light only on the box.
NIXEYS BLACK LEAD.—CAUTION.—In
Chancery: "Nixey v. Lewis."—The Vice-Chancellor Sir Richard
Malins having, on the 1st day of July, 1869, upon the application of
William George Nixey, of No. 12,Soho-square, in the county of Middle¬
sex, the plaintiff in the above suit, awarded a perpetual injunction, re¬
straining the defendant, Joseph Lewis, his shopmen, servants, and agents,
from thereafter selling any black lead, or other composition purporting
to be black lead, in tablets or cases enclosed or covered in manner in
the bill mentioned, or folded in wrappers, or enclosed or packed up or
folded in any cases, coverings, or wrappers, which are fac-similes, or
copies, or fraudulent imitations of those invented or used by the plain¬
tiff, and from in any way using any cases, coverings, boxes, labels,
devices, or other things which shall represent or have the appearance
of representing the plaintiff as the manufacturer or vendor of articles
which have not, in fact, been manufactured or sold by him. All per¬
sons are therefore cautioned against purchasing, selling, exposing for
sale, or otherwise dealing in black lead or other composition purporting
to be black lead not manufactured or prepared by the said William
George Nixey, in tablets or in cases, enclosed or covered, or wrapped or
enclosed in wrappers, or with other accompaniments being faccsimiles
or fraudulent or colorable imitations of those invented and used by
the plaintiff, the said William George Nixey.
Dated this 23d day of July, 1869
VALLANCE nd VALLANCE, 20, Essex-Street, Strand,
Plaintill's Solicitors.
