ARRY WANTS WILLIE, immediately,
AY. Z.—If by this time no letter received, write
ome. I have received none.

can be made right if you will be open. We received your note on
ednesday evening.—May a.
SABELLA L......T is requested to COMMU¬
NICATE with Messrs. G. S. and H. Brandon, solicitors,
o. 15, Essex-street, Strand, London.
Y. P.—It pains me to refuse what you ask. Please
make your identity certain. Have faith for life. Say where
o u can be seenr whare you will write.
FAINT. — Subscribers to the ROYAL HOSPITAL
for ENCURABLES, pray VOTE for CHARLES FAINT,
No. 5, Crown-court, Seething-lane, London; 60 years of age; 24
years an inh abitant of Tower Ward.
HUGH HORN.—Some few years back (believed to
be between 1855 and 1860), an advertisement appeared for the
HEIRS or NEXT of KIN of the abovenamed deceased, late of
Black Torrington. Any COMMUNICATION upon the subject may
be addressed to O. O., care of Mr. Chas. Good. 2, Brick-court, Temple.
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand, W.C.
—The Governors thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT.
through the Donation Boxes at the Hospital during the month of

April, of £8 12s. 7d., including a £5 note, N
HENKY WOOLCOTT, Secretary.

system of advertising by ANONYMOUS LETTERS a pamphlet,
published by him, entitled BIDDY, he begs respectfully to state that,
from whatever quarter such letters have preceeded, they have been
written without his sanction or knowledge.—New Burlington-street,
e
LEFT, in a Hansom CAB, on Friday night last,
May 1st, which took a lady and gentlemar
ic icia dill y t e
No. 18, Abbey-place, St. John's-wood, a MAUVE SILK PARASOL,
with white lace cover and white handle. Whoeve
to Mr.
France, St. James's Restaurant, Piccadilly, shall be REWARDED.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, Saturday, 2d
May, in Hydepark,
LACK and TAN TERRIER BITCH.
Answers to the  e
opsy." Whoever will take her to
No. 3, Victoria-grove-terrace, Bayswater-road, shall receive the above
neward.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on the 3d inst.,
betwen Kensington-gardens and Durham-terrace, Westbourne-¬
park, a small GOLD CHATELAINE CHAIN, with gold pencil-case,
seal, keys, and charms attached. To be taken to Burbige's library,
No. 202, Queen's-road, Bayswate.
TWO POUNDS.—LOST, last Friday night, 1st
May, in Mail Train from Bristol to Paddington, a GENTLE¬
MAN's RING, with large turquoise, and inscription inside. Whoever
takes the same to Mr. Henry Kettle, 41, Conduit-street, shall receive

THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
afternoon, May 3d, a LARGE SCOTCH DEER-HOUND DOG,
or rough Greyhound, with a light fawn coloured coat; leather collar,
with no name, Last seen in the neighbourhood of Chelsea-barracks.
Whoever wll take the same to Mr. Curt, 13, Cadogan-place, Sloane¬
street, S.W., shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, a COUPON for 30 DOLLARS. The
owner may have the same by giving a description and paying
expenses. Address M. Z. H., post office, M. orgate-street, city, stating
particulars.
FOUND, on Wednesday, the 29th ult., in a carriage
the Cannon-street and Charing-cross Railway, a SMALL
BROWN LEATHER PORTEMONNAIE, whichlwill be restored to the
owner on a description of the contents being sent to F. R., 4, Lewes¬
crescent, Brighton.
FOUND, by a servant, on the 25th of April, in the
ghbourhood of Grosvenor-square, TWO FIVE-POUND
NOTES. They will be restored, on payment of expenses, to any one
giving the numbers and other particulars, by letter, addressed to
P. P. S., 1, Pall-mall east, S.
TEN
OUNDS REWARD. —Whereas, on the 7th

ar last, a warrant was issued at the Guildhall Police-court
for the
 Ch ap¬
prehension of HENRY ASHFORD, of Queen-str.
side, London, pe et
aphic dealer, upon a charge of selling obscene


en r ord has abscond
punishmem. The above REWARD will be paid to any person wi

SATD
give such INFOR

pemseesonss,
D .

Ashford. Conn¬


Le

citors for the prosecution.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—Whereas on the 30th
Apri, last a warrant was issued by A. A. Knox, Esq.,
the Police Court, Marlborough-street, for the apprehension of J.
HALL, late of Great Tiethfield-street and Crystal Palace Bazaay, Ox¬
ford-street, dealer in photographs, for unlawfully selling pirated copies
of copyrighs paintings, the property of Messrs. Henry Graves and Co.,
of Pall-mall.—The above REWARD will be paid to any person who
will, within one month, give such INFORMATION as will lead to the
apprehension of the said J. Hall. Communication to be made to
Messrs. Lewis and Lewis, 10, Ely-place, Holborn, Solicitors for the
prosecution.
NEXT of KIN (new edition just published).—A
classified and descriptive INDEX (of 18,000 names guaranteed)
to advertisements for Next of Kin, Chancery Heirs, Legatees, &c., from
1700 to 1868, post free 30 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER, 17, South¬
ampton-buildings, Chancer-lane, London, W.C.
PARISH of SAINT PANCRAS.—I, the undersigned
Auditor, hereby give notice, that I have fixed the AUDIT of the
ACCOUNTS relating to the Poor Rate, and the Relief of the Poor, of
the parish of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlesex, for the half-year
ended the 25th of March, 1868, to commence on Wednesday, the 13th
of May next, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Boardroom of the
Workhouse, when and where all persons who by law are bound to
account at such Audit are required to attend before me, and to submit
all books, documents, bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the
said accourts, or to moneys assessed for and applicable to the relief of
the poor, of the said parish. — Dated the 5th of May 1868.
FRANCIS TOWERS STREETEN.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 364. —Caterham, Surrey.—
essaaa
otice is hereby given, that on the application of GEORGE DAVIS,
of Sylva-house, Caterham, in the county of Surrey, Esquire, the Re¬
gistrar intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the
date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasibleTITLE, the HEREDI¬
TAMENTS, in the parish of Caterham, in the county of Surrey, con¬

ror iy in hand and partly unoce
cupied, near to the Caterham Station of the South-Eastern Railway,
bounded on or towards the west by Waller-lane, and intersected by a.
private road, and on or towards the east by the said railway, and in
part on or towards the south by a building, used as a chapel, which
said hereditaments comprise messuages known as Sylva-house and
Waller-house, with the outhouses and grounds thereto respectively be¬
longing, and two closes of land, and are delineated on the Map
No. 364, deposited in the Office of Land Registry as part of the description
of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, togethr with
the mines and minerals under the same, and also together with
right of way and user of the road intersecting the hereditaments, and
marked "private rond" on the said map. If any person objects to, or de¬
stre to show cause against, such registration, or claims that the same
should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any par¬
ficular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already
proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the re¬
fister such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the
said three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by
affidavit or otherwire, to make such objection to, or to show cause
against, or to make such claim in respect of such registration. But
any
e desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge
the same in writing
particulars thereof, and with his
stating

es.
ce e toe in the said office before th

of the said three months, otherwise he will be excluded from making

The aforesaid map may be inspected at the said office at any
time before the expiration of the said three months. —Dated this
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
the ay of May,
MERRIMAN and PIKE, Solicitors to the Applicant,

NOTICE is hereby given, that on the 13th day of
July next APPLICATION will be made to Her Majesty's
Justices of the Pence assembled at Quarter Sessions in and for the
county of Middlesx, at the Sessions-house at Clerkenwell-green, in the
said country, for an ORDER for DIVERTING and TURNING such
PART of a certain PUBLIC HIGHWAY or FOOTWAY, situate
and be ng in the parish of Hornsey, in the county of Middlesex, run¬
ning ont of a certain public highway road called Hampstead-lane,
Highgate, in the parish of Hornsey aforesaid, and passing from the
said highway road called Hampstead-lane, in a north-easterly direction
towards North-hill, Highgate, in the said parish of Hornsey, as is here¬
inafter-mentioned (that is to say), so much of the said public highway
or footway as starting immediately from the said highway road called
Hampstead-lane runs over a private road there recently formed, and be¬
longing as to such part thereof to one William Piper, for a distance of
71 yards or thereabouts, thence turns in an easterly direction through a
gate or turnstile there into a field belonging to Charles John Bloxam and
John Bradley Dyne, and commonly known as the cricket field, then turns
again in a north-easterly direction and runs over the said field, com¬
monly known as the cricket field, for a distance of 132 yards or there¬
abouts, and then runs in the same direction as last-mentioned over
another field belonging to the said Charles John Bloxam and John
Bradley Dyne, and leased to the said William Piper for a distance of
00 yards, or thereabouts, to another part of the above-mentioned
private road; but which part of the same road, though leased to the
said William Piper, belongs to the said Charles John Bloxam and
John Bradley Dyne, and then runs in the same direction as last men¬
tioned over the said private road at the part aforesaid leased to the
said William Piper, and belonging to the said Charles John Bloxam
and John Bradley Dyne as aforesaid, for a distance of 15 yards or
thereabouts, and for making in lieu thereof another good and suffi¬
cient highway or foo
way over land belonging partly
the said William
Piper, and partly (thou e.

Piper) be¬
tonging t te
said Charles John Bloxam and
a Brad¬
ley Drne and now formin
poeart of th
private
aa above
mentioned; which said old highway and
oposed new highway are
situate respectively entire.
w ith in the limits of Local Board for the
District of Hornsey, in
sat i i s h re,

wiy or fo
mew bi
wue l e re c m m odi
as te e e peuablie and
the e t e e.
ificate of two Justices, h
noe e v i wed the same and

toe esed dier s e an d t e
hereof, and of proof having been given




naving been duly published, with the plan of the old and proposed

highway or foo

the reste.
ent.
ctive owners
s



sendedt
aes s e i ll be lo d ge wi i i ed
k of the Peace for the said
county on or before the 6th day of June next.—D.

S. HICK.
May, 1868.
(Signed)

RE R ,.
(L.S.)
W.
RR.
JOHN OAKESHOTT,
J. CLARKE.
(Five of the members of the Local Board for the District of Horn¬
sey, in the parish of Hornsey, in the said county of Middlesex, execu¬
the the office of Surveyor of the Highways of th e

oe e e

l Board for the District of Hornsey
IILII  e
STEE
Clerk.
DUNE E E 
WEARES GOVERNMENT
ERTIT I
CATE.—Tranln
taion. e, the undersigned, at the request of
Messrs. Jas. C.
hompson and
te at the IRON SAFES of

s CHUBB and SON, London, of which these gentlemen are
agents were exposed for several hours to the fire that took place in

toe ndational Government on the evening of the 26th
instant; that in our presence they were ea o


that the moneys and important documents they con¬
tained were found in perfect order ; and that these safes are now in
uee
th ational Treasu .
(Signed) J. M. DRAGO (Treasure.
o National.
Government
PONSE
B  .
JUAN M. ALVAREZ.
Atrue Copy—A. M. Bell
Buenos Ayres, July 31, 1867.
BATHING.—St. Leonard's-on-Sea(West).—Mr. Bazal¬
gette's drainage improvements at St. Leonard's Proper have
so purified sea and beach BATHING there is now perfect. St.

nearer London by the New "Direct" Railway,
via Sevenoaks.
DEATHS.
On Sunday, the 3d inst., at 173, Gloncester-road, Regent's-park.
aged 14 months and 23 days, CARL REES, the youngest son of WILLIAM
and ELIZABETH DAY.
On the 3d inst., at 86, Han¬
race, St. John's-wood, Mrs.
JOHNSON, in her 87th year.
On the 3d inst., after a short illness, Mr. JosErn GANDAR, of Fitz¬
roy-road, Glocester-road, Regent's-park, in his 81st year. He was a
sincere member of the sect called Muggletonians for upwards of 60
years. Freends will please accept this intimation.
On the 3d inst., at East Moulsey, GEORGE WATKINS, Esq., aged 84.
On the 2d inst., at Llanerchrugog Hall, North Wales, CHARLOTTE,
last surviving daughter of the late WILLIM JONES, Esq.
On the 31 inst., aftera few days' illness, in her 16th year, EMMA
MABEL, third daughter of J. J. OnoiL, Esq., of Rosslyn Park, Hamp¬
stead.
On the 31 inst., at his residence, 11, The Terrace, Peckham-road,
Camberwell, JAMES POWNCEBY, Esq., aged 68.
On the 3d inst., at The Retreat, Queen's-road, Peckham, WILLIM
HooPER, Esq., aged 55.
On the 3d inst., a few hours after its birth, the infant son of ALFRED
LIGHrLY, Esq., of East Moulsey.
On the 3d inst., at his residence, No. 14, Denmark-terrace, Brighton,
after a long illuess, CHARLES PITT BARTLEY, Esq., of No. 30, Somer¬
set-street, Portman-square solicitor, late of Prince's-square, Bays¬
water, aged 76, deeply and sincerely regretted. Friends will kindly
accept this intimation.
On the 6th inst., in Blandford-square, THoMAs EDWARD CHITTY,
Esq., of the Inner Temple, barrister-at-law, and clerk of assize of the
Western Circuit, aged 41.
On the 4th inst., at Ealing, Miss MARY ANN BRooKs, formerly of
Ditchling, Sussex, in the 85th year of her age.
On the 4th inst., at his residence, 43, Adglaide-road, Haverstock-hill,
N.W., Rouenr BLasz, Esq., ated 65. Frlands will kindly accept this
intimation.
