TO EDWARD M. S., from P. E. S.—Your step has
thrown us into the deepest grief. RETURN immediately without
apprehension; everything will be arranged quietly. Let us know
directly where you are, that help may be sent you.
SHOULD this MEET the EYE of J. R., who has
boen absent from his wife and family since May, 1856, if he will
RETURN, or write where he is, she will join him, wherever it may
be.—Tasmania, June, 1864.
GRATEFUL THANKS for CHARITABLE AID
to SICK and SUFFERING POOR CHILDREN.—The
Secretary of the Royal Infirmary for Children and Women gratefully
ACKNOWLEDGES the RECEIPT of the following CONTRIBU¬
TIONS:—A. B., 5s.; Cheecock, 5s.; C. R. D., 10s. 6d.; E. F. C., 10s.,
on behalf of this useful Charity, and for objects so deserving and
necessitous the generous assistance of the benevolent is earnestly

CHARLES J. F. RENTON, Secretary.
No. 180, Waterloo-bridge-road, S.
LOST, a WEST INDIA DOCK WARRANT for
one puncheon of Rum, ex Glenbrook, from Jamaica, entered by
Cottam and Mortam, 14th May, 1863. Whoever will bring the same
to Mr. H. Ball, King-street, Borough, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Saturday, Sept. 17, at Great Northern
Station, or Peterborough, a small GREEN POCKETBOOK, con¬
taining several cheques and small papers. If taken, with its contents,
to Mr. Steel, stationer, Spring-gardens, a REWARD of TEN
SHILLINGS will be given. The cheques are stopped
LOST (FIVE POUNDS REWARD), a GOLD
BRACELET, set with diamonds, and opal centre, between Fins¬
bury and Aldgate. The above reward will be paid to any party bringing
the same to the inspector on duty, Bishopsgate-street Station. Pawn¬
brokers are requested particularly to notice the above.
WILLIAM CHRISTOPHER ORD, late of Cal¬
cutta, merchant, deceased.—The NEPHEWS and NIECES of
this deceased, or their issue, are requested to COMMUNICATE with
Messrs. Lawford and Waterhouse, of 28, Austinfriars, London, Soli¬
citors to the Administrator-General of Bengal, upon the subject of a
portion of the estate of the deceased.
LOST, coming from Doncaster by the 5. 30 train on
Friday night, a BROWN LEATHER PORTMANTEAU,
marked "J. G.
ny person who brings the same to Long's Hotel,
Bond-street, shall be REWARDED.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a FIVE
POUND NOTE, on Saturday last, 17th either in a first class
carriage on North London Railway or on Hackney Marshes. Apply
at 24, Aldgate, E. Payment stopped at the Bank.
MISCARRIED in the post, TWO BANKER's
RECEPTS, for deposit paid on six J Extension shares of the
East Indian Railway Company. Dated January and February of the
present year. Whoever will give information of the same to Miss
A. A. B. Edwards, of The Larches, Westbury-on-Trym, near Bristol,
shall be REWARDED.
FOUND, yesterday (Thursday) afternoon, a PURSE,
containing a sum of money. By describing his property and paying
expenses the owner may have it restored to him by applying to J. H.
Neilson, 61, Bessborough-street, Pimlico.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £84 17s. 5d. New Three
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of GOLDING
BIRD, of Russell-square, M.D. JOHN BRETT, of the Stock Ex¬
change, gentleman, and GUY GOLDING BIRD, a minor, and which
was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the divi¬
dends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1854;
—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Stock will be transferred, and the Dividends thereon
paid to the said Guy Golding Bird, now of age, the survivor, who
has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
WHEREAS THOMAS LOCKINGTON, Esq.,
deceased, some time since Treasurer of Christs Hospital, did, by
his will, give to the President and Governors of the said Hospital, from
and after the decease of Mary, his wife, certain lands for the admis¬
sion of two children, that should be off his relations, either freemen or
foreigners' children, and whereas the Governors have, ever since the
death of the said Mrs. Lockington, maintained and educated two
children, pursuant to the said will, the said Governors do hereby give
notice, that, there being a VACANCY for ONE CHILD, if any per¬
son or persons related to the said Mr. Lockington have any child, not
under seven nor over ten years of age, whom they shall desire to have
admitted into the said Hospital, they do, within three months from the
date hereof, apply themselves and make out their relationship to the
donor, to the Governors of the said Hospital there ; and in case no re¬
lation claims within the said three months, that then such as are of the
surname of Lockington may apply as aforesaid, within three months
from the date of the expiration of the three months allowed for claims
of relations abovenamed: but in case neither relations ner such as are
of the surname of Leckington claim in the times above limited, they
will be excluded the benefit of the said Charity, and the parish of
St. Mary Magdalen, Old Fish-Street, London, will be entitled to the

M. S. S. DIPNALL, Clerk.
Christ's Hospital, Sept. 20, 1864.
TO R. BOUCHIER, St. Pancras Station, Camden¬
road, or any one Claiming on his Behalf.—Take notice, that, in
accordance with the intimation to you in my letter of the 13th instant,
unless the several BAGS of GALL NUTS and the GUM belonging
to you, and now lying in the cellars, No. 4, Corbet-court, Gracechurch¬
street, are REMOVED and all EXPENSES PAID by Saturday next,
the 24th instant, they will be SOLD to defray expenses, and the residue
retained for the benefit of the estate. —September 21, 1864.
H. A. DUBOIS, Accountant, 5, Basinghall-Street, Trustee to the
Estate of Ernest Girard.
TAKE NOTICE.—A number of small CARPETS,
6 or 9 feet square, have laid in my warehouse for the last three
years. Unless OWNED within seven days, will be SOLD to pay ware¬
house expenses.—3, Great Trinity-lane, Cannon-street, Sept. 21, 1864.
NASTERS' ROYAL CRYSTAL PALACE
FAMILY HOTEL COMPANY (Limited), Upper Norwood.—
Miss BRIND begs to inform correspondents and friends that she has
RESIGNED her ENGAGEMENT with this Company. —Sept. 17th.
FIRE in GRESHAM-STREET.—The CARPET
BUSINESS of Messrs. THOMAS TAPLING and Co. will be
carried on at their Cocoanut-matting Warehouse, 44a, Gresham-street,
London, E.C., until further notice.
REPAVING of OXFORD-STREET.—WILLIAM
S. BURTON, furnishing ironmonger to His Royal Highness the
Prince of Wales, begs to inform his customers that now carriages can¬
drive up to his entrance at 39, Oxford-street.
IMPORTANT CAUTION.— Manufacture of
Weapons of War and Fancy Arms.— Messrs. FALISSE et
TRAPMANN, manufacturers at Liege, Belgium, beg to inform Go¬
vernments desirous of ordering GUNS, &c., at Liege, that they have
erected on their manufactory machinery of their own invention, by
which means they are in a position to contract for any description of
weapon on terms and conditions impossible for others to compete with.
N.B. They likewise undertake to alter rifles into needle guns, furnish¬
ing them with either iron or steel barrels, according to order.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz.:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
CAUTION—HARRIS'sSPECTACLES.—THOMAS
HARRIS and SON CAUTION the publicagainstpersonsusingtheir
name. Their business (established 1780) is solely conducted at 52, Great
Russell-Street, opposite the British Museum-gate, where only can be
had their celebrated spectacles, opera and field glasses. No travellers
CAUTION.—Fox's Frames for Umbrellas and
Parasols.—SAMUEL FOX and Co., patentees and sole
manufacturers of the Paragon Frame, and manufacturers of frames
made of solid steel wire, for UMBRELLAS and PARASOLS, beg
to invite notice to their label, which should be placed inside
each umbrella and parasol, and to caution dealers and the public
against imitations of their patent pebble tips. These imitations, which
are brittle and easily defaced, are being used by other persons to cause
inferior frames to resemble those manufactured by S. Fox and Co.,
by which a small extra profit may be made, at the expense of the
durability of the umbrell or parasol. S. Fox and Co.'s frames, made
of solid wire, are warranted not to lock together on opening the
umbrella or parasol, and, from the superior quality and temper of the
steel, will not suap or become bent in the use. They are charged one
penny per umbrella or parasol more than the frames of other makers.
S. Fox and Co.'s patent pebble tips, being used only as a trade mark to
denote their special manufacture, are charged without profit. They
are of extreme strength and durability, and will last as long as the
frames.—S. Fox and Co., Deepear, near Sheffield, Sept., 1864.
HESSRS. HANCOCK and RIXON, Lamp, Chan¬
delier, and Glass Manufacturers, have REMOVED from 1,
Cockspur-Street, to 47, Great Marlborough-Street, Regent-street, W.,
where their business is being carried on as usual,
NOTICE.—Mr. WATHERSTON (late of Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden) begs respectfully to inform the nobility
and gentry that his late partnership having been dissolved, he now
carries on the same system of business at 12. Pall-mall east, adjoining
the National Gallery, under the firm of Watherston and Son.
NOTICE.—Removal.—The BUSINESS of PETER
ROBINSON's MOURNING WAREHOUSE, 103 and 104, Ox¬
ford-street, will shortly be REMOVED to more extensive premises
(late Hodge, Lowman, and Orchard's), 256 to 262, Regent-street, of which
due notice will be given.
PELLATT and Co. beg to CONTRADICT the
REPORT that they have REMOVED. They still carry on
business at their old-established premises, the Falcon Glass Works,
Holland-street, Blackfriars-road, near the Chatham and Dover Rail¬
way Station. An illustrated catalogue post free.
SWIMMING TAUGHT, in six or eight lessons, no
matter what age or how nervous of water, for one guinea, by
Professor BECKWITH, for many years champion swimmer of Eng¬
land. In attendance on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, at the
Lambeth Tepid Baths, Westminster-road, On Monday, Oct. 10, the Pro¬
fessor will give one of his celebrated Aquatic Entertainments, when him¬
self, daughter, and two sons will go through their pleasing and instruc¬
tive acts of natation. Likewise some handsome prizes will be given
away to be swum for, open to youth, amateurs, and professionals of all
England. Commencing at 8 p.m.
THE RANTOONE, 142 and 143, Cheapside,
ADEIRA.—A gentleman, middle-aged, M.B.
Cantab, F.R.C.S., formerly resident medical officer at the
Brompton Hospital for Diseases of the Chest, who has already passed
a winter in Madeira, is desirous of again taking CHARGE of an
INVALID to that island for the coming winter. The highest refe¬
rences given. Address E. C., care of E. J. Fordham, Esq., Gravely,
near Stevenage, Herts.
WORD to the POINT.—FIRES in WARE¬
HOUSES.—The way that people now put out fires seems to me
perfectly absurd. Quantities of goods are stored, as at Tooley-street,
and, in case of fire, they are burnt—or drowned. We do not pour
water on our bed room candies when we get into bed, but cover the
burning wick from the air, and have done with it. By my new
PATENT, applicable to any warehouse, I cover up the fire, in case of
its taking place, by being able very rapidly to shutter up every aperture
whatevert of the building. This I effect by suitable contrivances,
placed outside, which contrivances are carried to the highest part of
the building, and consist of rods or shafts, easily worked. A fire can¬
not live without air, any more than an animal can. Further, a fire
generates carbon, and this goes to help extinguish it. Provided we
seal up a building, it cannot burn inside. Does any one dispute this
point? I am prepared to prove it on any building, large or small, in
the metropols. Messrs. Barry, Brothers, write (6th of June) to The
Times, congratulating themselves on only losing some £25,000 in a late
fire, when for a tithe of that amount, properly applied, a fortune would
have been saved. The lassitude, prejudice, vis inertise of the public,
is amazing, on questions of this kind. The Tooley-street structures
may burn down again any day, for aught there is to prevent it. I only
trust some enterprising person, who does not like to see the property
of his country destroyed, will help me, who am doing all I can, to get
this system of closing-up buildings on fire (warehouses) thoroughl
tested. We shall benefit our country, at least, if not ourselves.— W.
RIDDLE, C.E., South Lambeth, September 20, 1864. "As it has been
objected that people could not escape from the building, I beg to say
that, in my plans furnished to a company abroad, outside staircases of
iron are provided, with
iron door to each floor, at the landings.
These doors would be closed last.
SQUAILS—a capital round game, played on an
ordinary table. Prices 6s. 6d. and 8s. 6d.; for 12 players, 10s. 6d.
Sold at the leading fancy repositories. Wholesale, JAQUES and

HEXAGONIA—a new and highly interesting game
of skill. Price 10s. 6d. ; superior quality, on vellum, 12s. 6d.
Sold at the leading fancy repositories. Wholesale, JAQUES and

PARLOUR CROQUET, played on a mahogany
board, lined with green cloth. Prices, with mallets, balls, arches,
&c., complete, £2 to £8. Sold at the leading fancy repositories.
Wholesale, JAQUES and SON, 102, Hatton-garden.
FROGS and TOADS—a new and lively game of skill
for two players. Played on a leather board, with 12 reptiles. Prices
5s. 6d. and 6s. 6d. Sold at all the leading fancy repositories. Whole¬
sule, JAQUES and SON, 102, Hatton-garden.
MAQUES's NEW WINTER GAMES:—Parlour
Croquet, 42 and upwards; Dartille, 10s. 6d.; Ringolette, 14s.;
The Bride, 1s. : Patchesi, 8s. 6d. and 10s. 6d.; Happy Families, 1s.;
Arena, 12s. 6d.; Whitworth Gun, 12s. 6d. Sold by Cremer, 27, New
Bond-street; Spurin, 37, New Bond-street; Spratt, 2, Brook-street;
Izzard, 46, Upper Brook-street; Thyer 119, Westbourne-grove: Rose,
No. 203, Sloane-street; Asser and Sherwin, 81, Strand; Wyatt.
No. 12, Lowther-arcade ; Sherwin, 527, Oxford-street; Mead and
Powell, 73, Cheapside; Pearce, 77, Cornhill; Dixon, 29, Gracechurch¬
street; Arnold, 38, King William-street. Wholsale, Jaques and Son,
No. 102, Hatton-garden.
CHAPPUIS' DAYLIGHT REFLECTORS, for
lighting photographic rooms and every other description of pre¬
mises. Manufacturer, P. E. Chappuis, reflector patentee and photo¬
grapher, 69, Fleet-street.
