MERICHO.—Received, your last yesterday. Did not
like to send fron here. Will the next.—P.—Dec. 2n.
TO L. C.—Gall on me in town, or send address.—
Your Scarbro" friend.
IF W. R., who left home on the 23d of September, will
RETURN to his wife and family, all will be forgiven
t O. G. DAWSON.—Letters of February.
and March received last week. Write again to H. L., care of
 H. S. King and Co., Cornhill, London.
AOCIDENT.—The TWO LADIES who met with an
accident in the Bayswater-road, last Saturday, caused by the
horse being frightened
smen-dres.
THANKS to the GENTLEMAN who kindly protected them, and by
whose assistance they were enabled to pursue their journey. —Ladbroke¬
terrace. —Dec.
MALICIOUS HOAX.—£20 REWARD. — Whereas
some maliciously-mindsd person has impoted on dur establish¬
ment by an order for mourning dresses for the family of Mr. Wells, of
Ventnor, in the Isle of Wight: wo will pay £20 to any one who can
REVEAL and PROVE the AUTHORSHIP of the hoax in question.
Mr. Wells has kindly submitted the case to the consideration and ection
of the local magistracy. —W. C. Jay and Co., 247, Regent-street.
WARNING to BANKERS and BILLBROKERS.
—A BILL, drawn by Lowenthal, Brothers, Huddersfield, on
Dobie and Locke, Selkirk, £829 13s., October 17, six months, having
been LOST, all bankers and billbrokers are cautioned against discount¬
ing the same.
BAG MISSING.—Southampton Railway Station.—
On Monday morning last a BAG was TAKEN, suppossd by mis¬
take, from the Southampton. Railway Station. Any person returning
the bag and contents to Mr. Miller, news agent, Little College-street,
Wesiminster, S.W., shall be handsomely REWARDED. The bag Was
a small black leather travelling one, stamped outside with a corpnet
and the letters C. N. in gilt, and ontside pocket, patent lock.
LOST on driday morning last, a PUG DOG from
Halkin-street west, Belgrave-square. Whoever will take the
same to Crate and Co. saddlers, 11, Halkin-street west, Belgrave-square,
shall be REWARDES
LOST.—FIVE POUNDS REWARD will be paid for
delivery, of following to Mr. Burr, 11, Queen-squar
bury, for the lady whose name is inside the purse: LEATHER PORTE¬
MONNAIE, containing about £9, gold ring, gold shirt stud, lady's lace
collar, watch key, besides papers and cards; the property of an Ameri¬
can lady missionary on her way to Turkey, who is greatly incon¬
venienced by the loss.
TO PAWNBROKERS. —Supposed to have been
pawned on the 4th inst., a SILVER TABLE SPOON, with crest
Lion HRampant, and chain round neck. TWO POUNDS REWARD
will be given for any INFORMATION relative to it. Direct to C. M.,
post-office, Wimbledon.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in Sloane¬
street, on the 30th ult., a BLACK and TAN TEERIER DOG;
cars cut, tail long, muzzle white from age, blue collar, with owner's
name. To be taken to 197, Pavilion-road, Stoune-street.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, between
Brook-street and Green-street, Gre.
of Tuesday, the 29th November, a TURQUOISE and DIAMOND
BROOOB, in the shape of a padlock, with a heart and key attached.
Whoever will take the same to Mrs. White, 254, Regent-street, shall
receive the above reward.
FOUND, in Grosvenor-square, on Friday, a FAWN¬
GOLOURED POMERANIAN DOG. The owner may have the
same by applying at No. 3, Grosvenor-square, and paying the expenses
of advertissement, &c.
DARLING ROBINS HAIR.; Darling, Edmund's
Hair.—TWO small PACKETS, marked as above, FOUND, on¬
Parkins and Gotto's counter, October 19th, 1871. Can be had by ap¬
plying at the Counting-house, 24 and 25, Oxford-street. W

NOTICE.—The ROYAL REGIMENT (1st Battalion).
—The President of the Mess Committee hereby gives notice that the
Officers are in NO WAY RESPONSIBLE for any DEBTS incurred
by their messman, Mr. E. LANE, he being a civilian and an inde¬
pendent contractor.
Warley, 30th November, 1871.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stook.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Gevernors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £1,860 19s. 4d. New £3 per Cont.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of GEORGE SWINTON,
of the Bengal Engineers, Esquire, and which was transferred to the
said Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends thereon having
remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1861;—Notice is hereby given,
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to George Swinton,
who has claimed the same, uniess some other claimant shall sooner
pear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the Natonal Debt of the sum of £101. 5s. Consolidated £3
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of ADELAIDE
WALTER, of Bonby, Lincolnshire, spinster, and which was trang¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1861;—Notice
is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from this
date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon
paid to Susan Coutts Walter, widow, sole executrix of Adelaide
Walter, spinster, deceased, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt of the sum of £53 5s. Consolidated £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of FRANCES
WHEELER, of Fawley, spinster, now wife of William Cooper, of
Fawley, marmer, HENRY BOUND, of the same place, schoohmaster,
and CHARLES BOUND, of the same place, yeoman, all in Hante,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence
of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July,
186;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid, to Frances Cooper, wife of William Cooper, formerly
Frances Wheeler, the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
UNIVERSITIES CLUB, 71, Jermyn-street, W., is
nowOPEN. The original members lists closed with upwards of
56o names. Present terms of admission, 10 guineas entrance fee and
six guineas annual subscription to 30th September, 1872. For particu¬
lars apply to the Secretar.
THE ELEMENTARY EDUCATION ACT, 1870,
33 and 3Victoria, c. 75.—Notice of Audit.—The SCHOOL BOARD
for LONDON.—I, the undersigned Auditor of the Metropolitan Audit
District within which the abovenamed School Board District is parthy
situate, and the Auditor by whom the Poor Law Board have by their
order directed that the accounts of the said School Board shall be
audized, hereby give notice, that I appoint the AUDIT of the AC¬
COUNTS of the said SCHOOL BOARD for the half-year ended the
29th day of September, 1871, to be held on Tuesday, the 19th day of
December, 1871, at 10 o'clock in the foronoon, at the offices of the said
Sohool Board at 33, New Bridge-street, London, when and where all
persons who by law are bound to account at such Audit are required to
attend and produce all books of account, bills, vouchers, and other
nocuments in their custody or control relating to such accounts. —Dated
this 4th day of December, 1871
H. LLOYD ROBERTS, District Auditor.
FORGERY.— JUDSONS DYES.—Victoria, 25 and
25, chap. 88.—"In a recent ttial for forging a trade mark, turning
to the jury, with the view of explaining what had passed, his Lordship
said it was plain one wrapper (or label) was intended to be an imitation
of the other, and would have the effect of deceiving any person who
bought the article. It wonid be a monstrous thing that a person should
thus have the power of appropriating that which a man intended for
himself. It was of the utmast importance that it should be known
that the law had made it criminal to endeavour (to use a common ex¬
pression) to rob a tradesman of that which is as much his property
really as the watch in his pocket—namely, the character he gets for the
particular article he sells. He found that the prosecution had taken
steps, both at law and equity, to protect themselves, and he had no
doubt they would obtain some civil remedy, so far as the prisoner's
means might enable him to afford a remedy. He would nold over the
prisoner's head the fear of being punished for that which he had done;
and in the hope that the public generally would be aware, on the one
hand, of the protection which was afforded them in regard to such
rights as these, and, on the other, that evil-disposed persons might
know there was a law which wouid reach them in the event of their
offending, he ordered the prisoner to enter into his own recognizances
in £100 to come up for judgment when called upon."—Leeds Mercury.
The proprietors of Judson's Simple Dyes have taken every precaution
to protect themselves, the trade, and the public, at home and abroad,
against fraudulent imitation of their dyes. Every Label, Box. Wraprer,
or Bill are impressed with their well-known trade mark (which, toge¬
ther with title, are duly registered), besides which at the bottom of
every box of dyes a fac-simile of signature of the proprietors should be
observed. Daniel Judson and Son will press for heaviest penalties
(including imprisenment) in every case of frand discovered by them.
—London, 1871.
CAUTION.—CHUBES LOCKS and SAFES can
be obtained in London only from Chubb and Son, makers to the
Queen and the Bank of England, 57, St. Paul's churchyard, E.C.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, propared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label, used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby."
CAUTION.—Ladies are informed that the only bona
fide improvements in LADIES SADDLES for hunting, India.
and colonies, have been made and registered by Messrs. LANGDON,
Duke-street, Manchester-square, London. No agents.
CAUTION.-WOOD TAPESTRY DECORATIONS
(HOWARDS PATENT, No. 2,138).—All persons are cautioned
against making of purchasing IMITATIONS.—25, 26, and 27, Berners
treet, Oxford-street, and Cleveland Works,
CAUTION. VOIGTLANDERS OPERA and RACE
GLASSES.—The public is cautioned that Mr. CALLAGHAN is
the appointed SOLE AGENT for the above.—23a, New Bond-street,
corner of Conduit-street.
CAUTION. — JENNER and KNEWSTUBS
PATENT BAG of BAGS.—The trade are hereby cautioned against
seiling and the public against buying piracies of this patent. All per¬
sons found in any way infringing it will be at once proceeded against.
33, St. James's-street, S.W.
CAUTION.—A. S. LLOYD'S EUXESIS for
SHAVING.—The widow of A. S. Lloyd has not sold the right
to this invaluable article, nor has the orginal recipe ever left her pos¬
session. Observe the words "Prepared by his widow" on top of tube
of the genuine Euxesis, and also address, 3, Spur-street, Leicester¬
square, on labelr.
CAUTION.—ACME SKATES.—It having come to
my knowledge that an inferior article resembling the Acme Skate
is being offered to the public  e .
to e ticte that the only genuine
Acme Skate is stamped on one side "Acme Club Skatt.

other "Starr Manuig. Co., Halifax, N.S."—JOHN G. ROLLINS, Old
swan-whari, Lon en.
nn
CAUTION.—The Directors of the FOREIGN
VINEYARD ASSOCIATION (Limited), having learnt that
circulars are issued, worded so as to mislead
public, notice is hereb ye
given, that this Association, registered in 1854, has no connexion with
any other wine establishment.—W. H. PALMER, Manager.—No. 200,

CAUTION.—Mr. STREETER(late Hancock and Co.,
Limited), Goldsmith and Diamond Merchant, sole introducer of
18-carat GOLD JEWELLERY,
thine made, respectfully informs
the public that his only ADDRESS is 37, Conduit-street, leading from
Bond-street, W., and that at no other addresat can this universally¬
known jewellery be obtained.
CAUTION.—Messrs. ANC
CKS and Co.,
Goldsmiths, Jewellers, and Silversmiths to th
Queen, the Prince
and Princes aer
the principal Courts of Enrope, A
regret being compelled to CAUTION
public that their BUSINESS,
established by Mr. C. F. Hancock, is only CARRIED ON at the same
address, Nos. 38 and 39, Bruton.
tetco.
er of Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—RED HEART RUM.—The public are
CAUTIONED against IMITATIONS of this celebrated SPIRIT.
Owing to its having been found so eminently successful as a preventative
of cholera and diarrhca, this caution is rendered necessory. Each
bottle of the genuine is labolled and the corks and capsules are
branded.—Chis London agent, J. G. TURNEY, 61, King William¬
street, city.
CAUTION.—Water Filters.—The LONDON and
GENERAL WATER PURIFYING COMPANY caution the
public that all its FILTERS have the Company's name on them, an¬
no others are genuine. It is also very essential that all letters should
have the number of their depot in the Strand, to prevent mistakes and
disappointment, as numerous letters have miscarried when the number
has beenomitted. Forprices, &nt, apply or address to 157, Strand, W. C.
CAUTION.—A. S. LLOYD'S EUXESIS, for shaving.
—R. HOVENDEN and SONS haying purchased under an ad¬
ministration suit the business of the late A. S. Lloyd, together with the
receipt, trade mark, and goodwill of hig ssicbrated Enxesis, the public
are cautioned that the original and genuine Euxesis bears only the
address of the original manufactoty, 27, Glasshouse-ttreet, Regont-¬
street, where it may be obtained as heretofore.
CAUTION.—WATERS'S QUININE WINE.—Pro¬
ceodings in Chancery.—Purchasers are cautioned against imitations
of this preparation, as it was elicted in the recent Chancery proceed¬
ings taken by Robert Waters, that at least one unprincipled imitator.
did not use quinine at all in the manufacture of his wine. "The genuine
article was supplied to the sick and wounded during the late war, and
bears our trade mark.—Waters and Williams, Woroester-houss, 34,
Eaatcheap.
THE DRYAD.—CAUTION. — The undersigned,
having been informed that their invention is being copied, hereby
announce their trade mark to be x ticket bearing the effigy of a heart
coloured blue, ar" these words, "Patent sanitary cloth, shower, but not
air proof, as exhibited in the Scientific Department of the London
International Exhibition of 1871." Each shower-proof gentleman's
palotot or Dryad (a name given to a ladies waterproof cloak), regis¬
tered 6th and 7th Vic., sap. 65, has a separate bumber, tand du rebord
is kept, toguther with the names of the clothiers and dropers ap¬
pointed to sell the same to the public in the metropolis and the country,
ehe
dress being thas of the vendors in wholssals-quantities.
—DONALD NICOLL and Co., 61. St. Paul's churchrard, London.
