E. J.—With deep regret, No. About twenty.
A.
CHARLIE E.—Pray, COME down to your uncle
without d-lay. Gt. W.—G. B., July 2, 1864.
TO RICHARD.—The week and fortnight gone; no
letter. It is three weeks since you left. Only think of your poor
M.—L. Road, Clapham Junction, July 4.
JUDGE — will confer a favour by sending a LIST
of the BOOKS NAMED to M. A. S., post-office, High-Street,
Kensington.
IF this should MEET the EYE of of J. H., late of
Derby, he is earnestly requested to APPLY at once to A.P. L.,
when a full explanation will be given of the Organ Sonata, Anonymous
Letters, Telegrams, &c., and restitution made if possible.
S. I. has RECEIVED R— LETTER. Write
again, stating where he can see, or, at all events, address to her.
She may fully rely that he will use every endeavour to influence her
parents as she wishes. Direct and seal with two dragons' heads as
before.
FERTH, ELLIOTT, SNODGRASS.—Next of
Kin.—WANTED, RELATIVES of NATHAN FERTH, brother
of Wm. Ferth; of FLEMMING ELLIOTT, born in London, 1750;
of JOHN ELLIOTT, brother, breeches maker in Smithfield, 1790 ; and
of THOMAS SNODGRAS, dead in London, 1790. Apply, by letter
only, to — Francis, Esq., 32, Store-street, Bedford-square.
CAPTAIN ROBERT MECREDY, Bombay Staff
Corps, who left 6, Bury-street, St. James's, London, on the even¬
ing of the 4th of February last, intending to proceed to Dublin, is
(or if taken ill those taking care of him are) earnestly requested to COM¬
MUNICATE immediately with Mr. W. M. Webster, solicitor, 15, New
Boswell-court, London, to relieve the anxiety of friends.
THE COMMITTEE of the LONDON INFIR¬
MARY for ULCERATED LEGS, &c., 1, Red Lion-square, W.C.,
gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE ONE GUINEA, from the London So¬
ciety of Compositors. Further aid is earnestly solicited.
CANCER HOSPITAL, London and Brompton.—
The Committee of Management desire to offer their most grate¬
ful THANKS to G. H. K., for his FOURTH generous DONATION
of £50, left at the office, 167, Piccadilly, yesterday, the 1st July.
Dated 2d July, 1864.
W. J. COCKERILL, Sec.
BETHNAL-GREEN DISPENSARY. —Building
Fund.—The Committee ACKNOWLEDGE, with thanks, £7
from "Mrs. F.," by means of a collecting card. Help is much needed.
Subscriptions may be paid to P. Cazenove, Esq., treasurer, Thread¬
needle-street, Bank of London; the London and County Bank, Shore¬
ditch; or to J. Smart, Esq., Hon. Sec., Cambridge-heath, N.E.
MISS CHANDLER, on behalfgof the Ladies' Com¬
mittee of the NATIONAL HOSPITAL for the PARALYSED
and EPILEPTIC, gratefully ACKNOWLEDGES the RECEIPT of
£5 from a Lady in Aid of the Fund of £2,000, for the Improvement
and Enlargement of the Institution, and earnestly invites inspection of
the many elegant and useful articles remaining from the funcy fair.
They may be seen at her residence, 153, Albany-street, Regent's-park,
and will be sold at a great reduction.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—Absconded.—
Whereas a warrant has been granted for the apprehension of
WILLIAM BROADHURST, late a goods clerk at the Dewsbury
Station of the London and North-Western Railway Company, who
ABSCONDED after embezaling the moneys of his employers, Notice
is hereby given, that the above reward will be paid by Mr. Henry
Champion Beauchamp, solicitor, 8, Dowgate-hill, London, E.C., to
any person whose information shall lead to the apprehension of the
said William Broadhurst, who is supposed to have gone to Liver¬
pool. Information to be given to the Superintendent of the Borough
Police, Dewsbury (Yorkshire), who holds the warrant; or to Mr.
Beauchamp, as above.
WORROLL or MORRALL, Oacks, Gray.—Nest
of Kin.—£8,000.—WANTED, RELATIVES of JOHANNA,
MARY, SARAH MORROLL, children of William Morroll or Morrall.
of Portsmouth, and Mary Oacks, daughter of Benjamin Oacks, and
Elizabeth Gray, daughter of Joseph and Elizabeth Gray, and sister of
John and Mary Gray, all of Kent, 1770. Apply, by letter only, to
— Francis, Esq., 32, Store-street, Bedford-square.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To the Rev. WILLIAM HENRY
HICKS, formerly of Watton Vicarage, in the county of Norfolk, clerk.—
Take notice that a CITATION, bearing date the 23 day of July, 1863,
has issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court for Divorce and Matri¬
monial Causes at the instance of Charlotte Louisa Hicks, of Pinner,
in the county of Middlesex, wife of you, the said William Henry Hicks,
citing you to appear in the said Court, within three months of the
service thereof, then and there to answer her petition, filed in the said
Court, praying for a dissolution of her marriage with you; and such
citation contains an intimation that in derauit of your so doing the said
Court will proceed to hear the said petition proved in due course of law,
and to pronounce sentence therein your absence notwithstanding.—

A. F. BAYFORD Registrar.
Signed)
BOCKETT, SON, and BARTON, 60, Lincoln's-inn-fields,
Solicitors for the Petitioner.
HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENGLAND.
—The JOHN v. ENTERPRIZE.—No. 2,213.—Whereas, in a
cause instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of England on behalf
of Charles Coventry Nelson, of No. 4, Botolph-lane, in the city of Lon¬
don, Custom-house agent, the owner of the schooner or vessel John, as
plaintiff, against John James Hughes and others, the owners of the
late barque or vessel Enterprize, and against the owners of the cargo,
of the said vessel Enterprize and others, for the purpose of having the
amount of his the said plaintiff's liability determined, in respect of the
loss or damage caused to the said vessel Enterprise, and to any goods,
merchandise, or other things whatsoever, by reason of the improper
navigation of the said vessel John, whereby a collision occurred on
the 14th day of April, 1864, between the said vessels, and also for dis¬
tribution of the said amount rateably among the persons entitied to
participate therein, the Judge of the said Court did, on the 7th day of
June, 1864, among other things pronounce that in respect of loss or
damage to ships, goods, merchandize, or other things caused as afore¬
said, the owner of the said vessel John is answerable in damages to the
amount of £832, and no more, being at the rate of £8 per each ton of
the registered tonnage of the said vessel John; This is therefore to
give notice to all persons having any CLAIM in respect of the LOSS
or DAMAGE caused as aforesaid, that if they do not come in and
enter their claims in the said cause on or before the 31st day of August
next, they will be excluded from sharing in the aforesaid amount.—
Dated this 1st day of July, 1864.
(S. L.)	H. A. BATHURST, Assistant Registrar.
Taken out by Clarkson, Son, and Cooper, No. 25, Great Carter-lane,
Doctors'-commons.
MR. JAMES BEAL, 209, Piccadilly, regrets to
find that some of his customers have been misled by another
advertisement to think the old-established Land Agency and Auction
Offices, as above, have been removed. He begs respectfully to inti¬
mate that the entire interest in 209, Piccadilly, belongs absolutely to
him, and that the business is conducted under his sole management,
with the same efficient staff as under the late firm.—209, Piccadilly, W.
NOTICE.—CRICKMER's PATENT METALLIC
PACKING.—Messrs. Titus Salt, Sons, and Co., of Saltaire,
Bradford, having purchased and used in their works a spurious metallic
packing, and having paid the amount claimed by us for royalty and ex¬
penses, to our solicitors, Messrs. Ford and Lloyd, 4. Bloomsbury-square,
W.C., we have consented to FOREGO LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
ALEXR. ROSS and CO.
Grange-mills, Bermondsey, S.E., 24th June, 1864.
Caution.—Crickmer's Patent Metallic Packing.
Engineers, millowners, and others are CAUTIONED against PUR¬
CHASING a SPURIOUS METALLIC PACKING purporting to be
Crickmer's. The genuine packing can only be obtained from Alexr.
Ross and Co., Grange-mills, Bermondsey, S.E., or their authorized
agents. Note.—On and after 1st July next the prices will be for Crick¬
mer's patent packing, 3s. per lb.; Ripley's patent joint packing, 1s. 6d.
per lb. ; indiarubber core packing, hemp, 1s. 4d. per lb. ; ditto, cotton,

ELLWOOD's PATENT AIR-CHAMBER HATS.
CAUTION.—The patentees having established the validity of
their patent in an action tried on the 20th and 21st days of June inst.,
in the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, before Lord Chief
Justice Erle and a special jury, in which Ellwood and another, of
No. 24, Great Charlotte-street, Blackfriars-road, in the borough of
Southwark, wholesale hat manufacturers, were plaintiffs, and Christy
and others, of No. 35, Gracechurch-Street, in the city of London, also
wholesale hat manufacturers, were defendants, and the jury having
by their verdict found that the abovenamed defendants had infringed
the plaintiff's patent, and that the invention was new in England and
in India at the date of the letters patent, we, the abovenamed plain¬
tiffs, do hereby give notice to all manufacturers, dealers in and sellers
of hats, caps, or helmets, that we shall proceed by suit in Chancery
against all persons so manufacturing, dealing in or selling hats, caps,
or helmets constructed on the principle of "Ellwood's Patent Air¬
Chamber Hat," unless the previous consent of the patentees be ob¬
tained; at the same time reserving to ourselves the right of taking
proceedings against prior infringers. —Dated this 24th day of June,
1864.
JOHN ELLWOOD and SONS, 24, Great Charlotte¬
street, Blackfriars-road, Southwark, Patentees for
"Air-Chamber Hats.
DUC de MONTEBELLO's CHAMPAGNES.—
CAUTION.—Whereas an INJUNCTION in Chancery has been
obtained in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Gemmer," restraining
the defendant and all others from selling or parting with sundry cases
of Rhenish wine, imported from Rotterdam, containing bottles bearing
imitation Duc de Montebello labels and corks, and further prohibiting
the importation or sale of all wines bearing such imitation labels or
corks; and whereas, in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Jebens," tried
in the Tribunal Correctionel of Havre, a parcel of 250 cases, containing
3,000 bottles of wine, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello labels and
corks, seized by the French Customs authorities (the said spurious wines
having been sent from Germany and Havre to be thence shipped to
England, and thus, through the colourable importation from a French
port, to avoid detection on arrival here), were adjudged to be confis¬
cated; all persons are hereby cautioned against dealing with spurious
Champagnes bearing imitation Duc de Montebello labels and corks
TAMPLIN and TAYLER, 159, Fenchurch-Street, E.C.,
Solicitors to the Plaintiff.
R. SYMONDS and SON, 3, Ingram-court, 167, 168, Fen¬
church-Street, E.C., Agents to the Plaintiff.
DUC de MONTEBELLO's CHAMPAGNES.—
R. SYMONDS and SON direct the special attention of the trade
to the preceding CAUTION, as renewed attempts are being made to
introduce spurious wines, bearing forged Duc de Montebello labels and
corks. These spurious wines are mostly imported via Rotterdam.
NOTICE.—Mr. FREDERICK STRANGE, late
contractor for refreshments at the Crystal Palace, begs to
announce that he is NOT in any way CONNECTED with the FIRM
advertised as caterers at the ALEXANDRA-PARK.—The Elms,
South Norwood, S., 24th June, 1864.
MR. WILLIAM STRANGE, of the firm of Messrs.
Strange and Wood, sole contractors for the refreshment depart¬
ment, Alexandra-park, Muswell-hill, begs to intimate that he is in no
way connected with or related to Mr. Frederick Strange, late con¬
tractor at the Crysta  ale.
ce Sydenhs.
NOTICE.—Mr. WATHERSTON (late of Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden) begs respectfully to inform the nobility
and gentry that his late partnership having been dissolved, he now
carries on the same style of business at No. 12, Pall-mall east, adjoining
the National Gallery, under the firm of Watherston and Son
MR. BROGDEN regrets to find some of his cus¬
(tomers think he has removed from 16, Henrietta-street, Covent¬
garden. He begs respectfully to inform thei that he has purchased
the goodwill, the whole of the valuable stock, and that all the workmen
remain at the old premises. He takes this opportunity of returning
his warmest thanks and acknowledgments for the kind patronage and
support bestowed on the late firm.—16, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden
CAUTION.—G. W. WHEATLEY and Co. (formerly
Waghorn), established 28 years, overland parcel carriers and
general forwarding agents to all parts of the world, caution the public
against being misled by imitations of their advertisements, placards,
and tariffs.—Wheatley and Co.'s only offices in London are 150, Leaden¬
hall-Street; Chaplin's, Regent-circus, 150, Cheapside, and 23, Regent-st.
TO Messrs. WHEATLEY and Co.—In consideration
of your abstaining from taking proceedings to obtain an injune¬
tion against me, I undertake and agree forthwith to cease to issue the
circulars, both books and handbills, of which, you complain; and I
further undertake and agree to abstain in future from using anytitle
in imitation of the title used by you, and further to abstain from copy¬
ing, extracting, or imitating the circulars or advertisements issued by
you from time to time. —Dated 29th day of July, 1863.
ned)	WILLIAM R. SUTTON.
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.
Contidential inquiries in England and abroad. Agent at Paris.—
No. 13, Paddington-green, W.
SWIMMING TAUGHT, in six or eight lessons, no
matter what age or how nervous of water, completion guaranteed,
one guinea, by Professor BECKWITH. Lessons any hour of the day,
at the Lambeth Baths, Westminster-road. Schools by contract. The
professor, his daughter, and two sons open to engagement in their
celebrated swimming feats.
ROYAL AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY of ENG¬
LAND.—Newcastle Meeting, 1864.—The Rantoone will be on

THE RANTOONE, 142 and 143, Cheapside, London.
DUT-DOOR GAMES:—Croquet, 15s., 18s., 21s.,
25s., 30s., 40s., 50s., 60s.; Lawn Billiards, 14s., 21s., 31s. 6d.; Aunt
Saily, 12s. 6d., 21s., 30s.; Volunteer Handicap, 25s.; Jack's Alive, 14s.,
21s., 25s.; Red, White, and Blue, 25s.; Bowls, 25s., 31s. 6d.; every re¬
quisite for archery, cricket, fencing, quoits, racquets, and all other
athletic games, can be had at W. LEUCHARS', toy warehouse,
No. 3, Cheapside, E.C. Illustrated catalogues gratis.
BRIDESMAIDS' PRESENTS, consisting of ivory
bound Church Services and Prayer-books, ditto in morocco,
double seent bottles, work boxes, writing cases, albums, reticules,
dressing cases, bags, card cases, purses, &c., of the very best make, at
moderate prices. Any number of the same article can be had.
PARKINS and GOTTO, 24 and 25, Oxford-street, W.
