JONNIE.—RETURN HOME without delay, and all
will be forgiven. Continued absence will be your ruin. From
your father, W. C.
JOHN HENRY LYONS BUNCE, Plumber, Dune¬
din, Otago, New Zealand, wishes to HEAR from his BROTHER
RICHARD, or his sister Amelia.
JAMES BLACKMORE, Ironmoulder, died in Ame¬
rica, leaving large property. He was born at Taunton, Somerset,
about 1820. RELATIONS are requested to CORRESPOND with
Thos. Ireland, 71, Clerk-street, Edinburgh.
WILLIAM LISTER SAGAR, of Manchester,
architect—Any INFORMATION as to the ADDRESS of this
gentleman would greatly relieve the anxiety of his friends. He left
Manchester on the 24th February, 1870, sailed from Liverpool in the
Hibernian for Montreal on the following day, and the only intelligence
of him received since was a letter from him, dated Hotel Richelien.
Montreal March 9th, 1870, in which he expressed his intention of
going to Toronto. Age 24; height, ft. 10in.; hair, light brown; eyes,
light blue; teeth, good; a large mole on the left arm, just below the
wrist: the initials W. L. S., tattoned on the right arm, below the elbow.
Address Withington, Petty, and Boutflower, solicitors, 24, Brown¬
street, Manchester.
LOST, on the 14th September, in going from Hans¬
place to Hyde-park, through Albert-gate, via Queen's street and
Brompton-road, a long GOLD CHAIN (curb pattern), with eyeglass
attached. A liberal REWARD will be given if taken to 74, Waiton-¬
street, Chelsea.
ONE POUND REWARD.—Whereas, the BOY,
whose description is below, ABSCONDED on 4th of September,
while on licence from Kingswood Reformatory, from his employer,
Mr. Jefferies, Tracy-cottage, Doynton, in Bath. The above reward
will be paid to any one giving such information to Captn. Knox, Kings¬
wood Reformatory, as will lead to his capture. The boy, being under
sentence of detention, may be apprehended and lodged in the nearest
police station without further warrant. John Brayshaw, height about
5 feet 2in. ; hair dark brown eyes, light brown; cemplexion, fresh.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the night
of the 31st July, between Cologne and Brussels, a BLACK
LEATHER CARPET-BAG, containing wearing apparel and papers.

Verviers. Address John Hare, Esq., Clifton, near Bristol.
FOUND, at the Royal Hotel, Southend, Essex, on
Saturday, Sept. 7th, a £10 NOTE. Owner can have it by giving
number and description.
NOTICE.—On the 4th September instant, Mr.
Greaves, of 385, Hackney-road, was robbed in Euston-square,
of his purse, containing a bill of exchange for £100, dated 13th July,


Bank, Southwark, and bearing Mr. Greaves's indorsement. PAY¬
MENT of the BILL has been STOPPED, and notice given to the ac¬
ceptor of the same having been stolen
CAUTION.—On the 4th instant an individual, under
LEsaasneeeead

from a large sum of money—in fact, everything he possessed. Mr.
Nachtel (ears his correspondence will be used for purposes of frand;
T
said individual attempt to make any IMPROPER USE of the said
CORRES PONDENCE, Mr. NACHTEL begs to request that they will
at once COMMUNICATE with him, at the above mentioned address
in Paris.
ADVERTISEMENT for NEXT of KIN of
BERNARD REILLY deceased.—Pursuant to a Decree of the
High Court of Chancery in Ireland made in the cause of Michael
Dillon and the Reverend James Macken plaintiffs and Catherine
Reilly and the Right Honorable Her Majesty's Attorney-General for
freland defendants. All yersons claiming to be NEXT of KIN accord¬
esseeenserens—sere
NARD REILLY late of Drogheda in the county of the town of
Drogheda living at the time of his death on the 11th day of October
1871 and particularly Edward Reilly (or Edward B. Reilly) who served
in Company B of and Division United States Infantry Army of the
Potomac in 1863 and 1864 and who resided at Benson Mills in the State
of Virginia and afterwards at Greenville Wasington County in the
State of Mississippi in America in Deceuber 1869—or Margaret Reilly
sister of said Eoward Reilly who was last heard of in the month of
January 1863 at Gloucester in the State of New Jersey—or the legal
personal representatives of such of said next of kin as are now dead,
are by their solicitors on or before the 2nd day of January 1873 to come

Four Courts Inns quay in the city of Dublin, and in default thereof
they will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the sais Decree
—Monday the 20th day of January 1873 at 11 of the clock in the fore¬
noon at the said chambers is the day appointed for hearing and adjudi¬
cating upon the claims Dated this 31st day of July, 1872.
B. E. WHITESTONE Chief Clerk
JOSEPH WILLIAM FOLEY Solicitor for Plaintiffs
No. 29, Lower Ormond quay Dublin.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY in ENG¬
LAND. No. 6089.—The Rajah. Whereas in a cause of Limitation
of Liability instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of England on
behalf of George Elliott of No, 23 Great George Street Westminster
the owner of the steamship Rajah against Damel Stewart Mitchell of

Tug or Vessel Admiral and against the Owners of the Ship or Vessel Wil¬
liam Davie and also against all and every otper person or persons having

Davie or in the cargo merchan ize or other things on board the said
e
interest whatsoever with reference to or arising out of a COLLISION
which took place between the RAJAH and the ADMIRAL and
WILLIAM DAVIE on the 11th of February 1872 and in which said
cause appearances have neen entered on behalf of the owners of the
sai vessel William Davie on behalf of the said Daniel Stewart Mitchell
and on behalf of James Thomas Holland of Gravesend aforesaid
Master Mariner late Master of the said steam Tug Admiral and
others the crew thereof the Judge of the said Court did on the 16th
day of July 1872 amongst other things pronounce that in respect of
loss or damage to ships, goods, merchandize, or other things caused by
reason of the improper navigation of the said steam vessel Rajah on
the occasion of the said collision the owner of the said Steam Vessel
sesseemeenunsaoes
thousand and fifry two pounds sixteen shillings (£4,052 16s.) such sum
tesceneesesse
tonnage of the said Steam Vessel Rajah This is therefore to give


in the said cause No. 6089 on or before the 16th day of October next
esesemeemsensenpecma

and seventy two.
ese
Notice to appear taken out by Messrs. Pritchard and Sous 18 Great
Knightrider-street Doctors' Commons.
WHEREAS the Right Honourable GEORGE

in the county of Herts, and the most Honourable ROBERT ARTHUR
TALBOT GASCOYNE, Marquess of SALISBURY. of Hatfield-house,
Hatfield, in the county of Hertford, being respectively interested under
a
ment of Lands, in the LAND and HEREDITAMENTS set forth
in the Schedule hereunder written, with the easements and appurte¬
nances thereunto belonging, and being desirous of effecting an EX¬
CHANGE of the same, have made application, in writing, to the
Inalosure Commissioners for England and Wales, to direct enquiries
whether such proposed Exchange would be beneficial to the Owners of
such respective Lands and Hereditaments, and to proceed with the

Now the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, being of

thereof are just and resonable, hereby give notice that they will cause
to be framed and confirmed, under their Hands and Seal, an Order of
Exchange in the matter of the said application, unless notice in
writing of dissent to the said proposed Exchange be given to them by
some person antitled to an Estate in, or to a charge upon, the said
land and hereditaments or any part thereof, on or before the 26th day
of December next.
The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing notice refers.
Land and Hereditaments in which the abovenamed George Stevens,
Earl of Strafford, is interested, situate in the parish of South Mimms
in the county of Middlesex and proposed to be exchanged for the
land and hereditaments hereinafter specified:—
No on.
Description.
Tithe Map.
Piece of land formerly a chalk pit and
now meadow land bounded on the
south-west by the old road leading
from St. Alban's to South Mimms on
12.
the east next the said roal by glebe? 1 1 16

of the east and on the north by land
of the Marquess of Salisbury.
Land and Hereditaments in which the abovenamed Robert Arthur
Talbot Gascoyne Marquess of Salisbury is interested, situate in the
parish of South Mimms in the county of Middlesex, and proposed
to be exchanged for the land and hereditaments hereinbefore
specified:—
No. on
Description.
Tithe Map.
WPiece of land formerly waste of thee

Roadside
the south by the road leading from

South Mimms to Potters'-bar, and on02 10
joining No.
the north-east and west by land, late
190.
of Mrs. Moreton and now belonging
to the Earl of Strafford.
Witness my hand this 15th day of August, in the year of our Lord
one thousand eight hundred and seventy-rwo.
H. PYNE (By Order of the Board).
Inclosure Commission, 3, St. James's-square, Lomon, S.W.
PROOF of GUN BARRELS.—NOTICE as to
OFFENCES and PENALTIES.—To Merchants, Shippers, Cus¬
tom-house Agents, Pawnbrokers, Makers of or Dealers in Guns, Pistols.

The Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house hereby give notice as
follows, viz.:—
1. The Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1868 (31 and 32 Victoria, chap. 113,
Local), constitutes the sale, exchange, or exportation, or the extosing
or keeping for sale, exchange, or exportation, of any small arm of
which the barrel or barrels have not been duly proved and marked as
proved, according to the said Ast, an offence, and makes the offender
liable to a penalty of not exceeding £20 for every unproved barrel,
half the penalty going to the informer.
2. Pawning or pledging, or taking in pawn or pledge, small arms with

similar penalty.
3. Any attempt to sell, exchange, or export, or to pawn or ledge
small arms with unproved barrels is also an offence, and is attended
with a similar penalty.
4. The Government mark (commonly known as the Tower mark),
and which often remains upon harrels purchased from Government,
does not exenspt them from liability to proof under the said Act,
untess the reguiations of section 119 are strictly complied with.
s
the importation must be given and the harrels sent for proof, unless
the arms imposted are intended only for conversion and export; but
even then notice is requisite. Foreign arms, bearing a registere)
foreign proof mark, are exempt. (Under this head, refer to sections
132 and 134, &c.)
6. The Guardians have prosecuted many persons under the Act, and
are determined to uphold its provisions strictly. Under two very recent
prosecutions the penaities inflicted were, in the one case £27 and in
the other £70, no withstanding that in both cases the defendants
pleaded entire ignorance of the law.
7. And the said Guardians hereby further give notice that upon
trustworthy information of any ofence or offences against the Act,
they will tat their diseretion) prosecute, and upon conviction, liberally
reward their informant.
8. Information may be given to the undersigned, or to Mr. Joseph
March, the Proo" Master of the said Guardians, at their Proof-house,
in Banbury-street, Birmingham. By order,
WILLIAM S. ALLEN, 35, Waterloo-street, Birmingham, Law
(derk to the Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house.
Birmingham, 1st September, 1873.
GIBBONS, Mayor.
A COURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held in
the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London, on
Tuesdar, the 17th day of September, 1872, and in the 36th year of the
reign of Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
Queen, &c.
Persons admitted to act as Brokers within the city of Lonon and its

Names.
Residences.
Thomas Brett.
8, Warnford-court, Throgmorton-¬

Edward Francis Byng
4 Warnford-court, Throgmorton

street
Thomas James the Younger 4, Threadneedle-street

e  . Throgmorton-street
Herbert Schloss.
4, Cullum-street.
WOODTHORPE.
ACIFBONS, Mayer.
A COURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held in
the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London, on
Tuesday, the 17th day of September, 1872, and in the 36th year of the
reign of Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

Persons who, at their own request, have been discharged from the
office of Broger within the city of London and its liberties, viz:—
Names,
Resinences.
33, Throgmorton-street.
Isaac Bunford Same

16, e nchurch-street
 29, M neing-lane

The Lombard Exchange, 40, Lom¬
Robert Rea

The Lombard Exchange, 40, Lom¬
Joseph Seaton 0
bard-street.
WOODTHORPE.
INTI-TRAMWAY MOVEMENT. — Several gentle¬

beon otherwise seriously affected by the existing tramways, have com¬
bined to oppose the further extension of the system, in the streets of




church-Street, London, E.C.
MESSRS, CHARLES FRODSHAM and Co.,
Watch, Clock, and Chronometer Makers to the Queen and
H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, 84, Strand, corner of Cecil-street,

to their premises being now comnlated, business is carried on as
