B. B.—What is your present address? WRITE
to me at the Club.—J. SCOTT.
ROMA.—Have heard all. There is only one thing
to do. Do it. Have made necessary arrangements, and am
expecting you.
B.B.—Never despair. Forget vou, never. I am
greatly distressed at tone of letter. "Babes" watch for you.
Send address.—E. M. B.
FRANCIS.—Why did you not meet at Blackfriars
on Tuesday? I waited from 10 till 12. I shall be at same place
same time same day of next week as at first. Meet if possible to ex¬
plain.—ARTHUR.
NOFFAT, HENRY.—Alexander Moffat, a native
of Dumfries, who died in London about 40 years ago, and Har¬
riet (née Moorford) his wife, had a son named Henry. INFORMA¬
TION is WANTED respecting the said HENRY MOFFAT, or his
family, if any, and any person who can give such information is re¬
quested to communicate with Messrs. Craig and Geddes, Solcitors,
Dumfries.
MISSING, since 24th March, 1877, Mrs. JANE
CLAYTON, the widow of the late Mr. Haviland Clayton, of
314, Goldhawk-road, Middlesex. Traced to Euston Station, at 7 p.m.,
and then lost sight of. Had with her a large black box, oval top, with
her initials on it, and two black hand-bags. She is requested to COM¬
MUNICATE with her Solicitors, Messrs. Wedlake and Letts, 3, Mitre¬
court, Temple, London. If dead, proof required, and necessary ex¬

CHRISTIAN FREDERICK ESKUCHE Deceased.
Pursuant to an Act of Parlament made and passed in the 22nd
and 23rd years of the reign of Her present Majesty entituled "An Act
to further amend the Law of Property and to relieve Trustees" Notice
is hereby given that all NEXT of KIN, Creditors of and other persons
having any claims or demands upon or against the Estate of CHRIS¬
TIAN FREDERICK ESKUCHE late of 64 Elswick Villas in the
Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne Gentleman, who died on
the 10th day of November 1876 and whose Will was proved in the
High Court of Justice Probate Division the District Registry at New¬
castle upon Tyne on the 29th day of November 1876 by Jesse Taylor
Pattinson one of the surviving Executors named in the said Will, are
hereby required to send in to the said Executor at the office of his
Solicitors Messrs, Stanton and Atkinson 72 Pilgrim Street Newcastie
upon Tyne their claims or demands against the Estate of the said Tes¬
tator on or before the 20th day of March next after which date the
said Executor will proceed to distripute the Assets of the said de¬
ceased amongst the parties entitled thereto having regard only to the
claims and demands of which the said Executor shall then have had
Notice and the said Executor will not be liable for the Assets so dis¬
tributed to any person of whose claim or demand he shall not then
have had Notice. Dated this 9th day of January 1878.
STANTON & ATKINSON, 72 Pilgrim Street, Newcastle
upon Tyne Solicitors to the Executor.
PURSUANT to a decree of the Chancery Division of
the High Court of Justice made in the matter of the Estate of
William Chinery deceased and in a Cause Borley y Hustier the per¬
sous claiming to be the NEPHEWS and NIECES living at the death
on the 13th day of June 1862 of WILLIAM CHINERY late of Mat¬
lock in the County of Derby Surgeon deceased or born afterwards
diving at the death on the 10th day of March 1876 of George Charles
Hezer late of Matlock aforesaid Surgeon deceased or the children or
child of such nepnews and nieces living at the death of the said Wil¬
liam Chinery or born afterwards who died in the lifetime of the said
George Charles Hezier or the legal personal representatives or repre¬
sentative of such nephews and nieces who have died since the said
10th day of March 1876 and of the children or child of such nephews
and nieces who died in the lifetime of the said George Charles Hezier
are by their Solicitors on or before the first day of May 1878 to come
in anl prove their claims at the Chambers of the Vice Chancellor Sir
Charles Hall No 14 Chancery Lane Middlesex or in default thereof
they will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the said Decree.
—Friday the 10th day of May 1878 at one of the clock in the afternoon
at the said Chambers is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon
the claims. Dated this 26th day of February 1878
WILLIAM BINNS SMITH Chief Clerk
IN the HICH COURT of JUSTICE Exchequer
Divison Birmingham District Registry 1677 R. No. 3180 Be¬
tween Harriet Rowe Plaintiff and Henry Murray and John Ivor
Murray, Defendants. To HENRY MURRAY late of 91 Branston
Street Birmingham. Take Notice that Harriet Rowe of Victoria
Road Aston Birmingham has commenced an action against you
Henry Murray and John ivor Murray in the High Court of Justice
Exchequer Division, Birmingham District Registry by Writ of that
ourt dated the 8th December 1877 which writ is endorsed as follows
"The Plaintiffs claim is to recover possession of a house and premises
No. 91 in Branston Street Birmingham in the County of Warwick to¬
gether with two rooms occupied with No. 90, in the said Street and
for the rents thereof and for damages for breaches of covenant to
keep the house and premises in repair agreeably to the Lease thereof
from the Plaintiff to the Defendants, and you are required within 8
days after the date hereof inclusive of the day of such date to defend
the said action by causing an appearance to be entered for you in the
said Court to the said Action and in default of your so doing the said
Harriet Rowe may proceed therein and judgment may be given in
your absence. You may appear to the said Writ by entering an ap¬
pearance personally or by your Solicitor at the District Registry Office
Waterloo Street Birmingham or at the office of the Exchequer Divi¬
sion Stone Buildings Chancery Lane London. Dated this 9th day of
March 1878 JOSEPH ANSELL 38 Waterloo Street Birmingham
Solicitor for Harriet Rowe.
CENTRAL LONDON THROAT and EAR HOS¬
AL, Gray's-inn-road.—The Committee most gratefully AC¬
KNOWLEDGE the RECEPT of a DONATION of £5 from T. F.
Halsey, Esq., M.P., and £5 from J. Ramsay L'Amy, Esq.—ALFRED
HUTTON, Chairman
HEASIDE CONVALESCENT HOSPITAL, Sea¬
ford, Sussex (established 1860).—London office, 36, Southamp¬
ton-street, Strand, W.C.—The Committee beg very gratefully to
ACKNOWLEDGE a further munificent DONATION of ONE
HUNDRED POUNDS from the Right Hon. Lord Overstone.—By

THE GREAT NORTHERN HOSPITAL, Caledo¬
nian-road, N., London; unendowed, and free to the sick poor
without letters of recommendation.—The Committee gratefully AC¬
KNOWLEDGE a DONATION of £476 from Mrs. Brayne in aid of
the Building und of this deserving Charity.—A. PHILLIPS, Secre¬


OREADNOUGHT.—SEAMENS HOSPITAL,
Greenwich, S.E.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEIPT of the following SUMS, towards the £6,000 required
to enable them to defray the current expenses of the present year:—
Lieut.-Colonel Sir Chas. Rowley, £3 3s.; H. B. Fisher, Esq., £2 2s.—
HENRY C. BURDETT, Secretary.
LEYS LOST.—LOST, on Friday evening between
Fish-Street-hill and Cannon-street Station, a BUNCH of KEYS.
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD will be paid to any person taking the
same to Mr. Chatwood, 120, Cannon-street.
LOST, on Friday afternoon, a SMALL CHASED
GOLD BRACELET, between Clapham and St. James's-street.
route, rail to Victonia thence across St. James's-park. A REWARD
of 10s. will be given if taken to 203, Regent-street.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a BOLIVIAN
BOND, No.1567, between Bow and City, on the 8th March.
Circulation stopped.—Joseph Harris, 69. Coborn-road, Bow.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, about noon, on
t6th instant, in walking from Harley-street to Connaught¬
square, via Wigmore-street and Portman-square, a LADYS SILVER
CHATELAINE (Burmese work). Anyone returning same to the
Porter 75. Victoria-street, Westminster, suall receive the above
reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST (followed a cab
from Vauxhall Station), a BLACK and TAN COLLIE DOG,
with white chest answers to the name of Punch. Whoever will take
same to No. 10, Victoria-square, Pimlico, shall receive the above
reward.
FOUND, TWO FIVE-POUND NOTES, in West of
London. Owner can have same by identificat on and paying ex¬
es.—B. Phipps, 190, Oxford-street, W.
TOM SMITH, of the Grove Tavern, The Grove,
Hammersmith, Licensed Victualler, hereby acknowledge that
bottles bearing the labels of Messrs. Kinahan and Co.'s LL whisky,
but filled with whisky other than such LL whisky, have been sold to
my customers by persons in my employ, whereby 1 have become liable
to certain penalties. I hereby APOLOGIZE to Messrs. Kinaban and
Co. for such misuse of their labels, and request them to forego pro¬
ceedings at law against me in respect thereof; and I authorize them
to publish this apology at my expense as they think fit, hereby under¬
taking to pay their legal and other charges.—Dated this 16th day of
February, 1878.
— TOM SMITH.

NT having come to the knowledge of Messrs.
JEREMIAH ROTHERHAM and Co., of Shoreditch, that their
names or the name of Mr. Jeremiah Rotherham have been improperly
used in connexion with certain Stock Exchange dealings, the public,
and more particularly the members of Stock Exchanges, are
hereby CAUTIONED that the use of such names is unauthorized.
and Messrs. Jeremiah Rotherham and Co. and Mr. Jeremiah
Rotherham are in no way responsible for such transactions.—Dated
this 8th day of March, 1878.
JEREMIAH ROTHERHAM and Co.
JEBEMIAH ROTHERHAM.
MANAWATU LAND ORDERS.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the 30th day November, 1877, an Act was passed
by the General Assembly of New Zealand, intituled an Act to provide
for the satisfaction of certain Land Orders issued by the New Zealand
Company, and theretofore exercised in the Manawatu or Horowhenua
districts, within the aforesaid Company's settlement at Wellington.
The attention of every person claiming tinder any such Land Orders
as aforesaid is drawn to the provisions of the said Act next follow¬

Every person claiming land within the Provincial District of Wel¬
lington under any Land Order originally issued by the New Zealand
Company, and which has been exercised in the Manawatu or Horow¬
henua Districts, must, within 12 months from the 30th November, 1877,
if he be a resident in the Colony, and within two years from such date
if he be resident clsewhere, give notice in writing, by himself or his
agent to the Commissioner appointed for the District of Wellington
under the Ordinance of the Legisiative Council of the lslands of New
Zealand, Session 11, No. 15, for the hearing and decision of his claim
under the provisions of the said Act, and at the time of making his
application for the satisfaction of his claim must lodge with the Com¬
missioner the origmal land order under which he claims to be entitled
to select any section of land, unless such land order shall previously
have been lodged with the Commissioner no claim can be heard and
determined until such original land order is lodged, or proof of the
loss given to the satisfaction of the Commissioner.
The Commissioner will report to the Governer the name of the per¬
son found to be entitled to land under any particular land order; the
particular number thereof, the fact of such land order having been
lodged with him, or of his having received satisfactory proof of the
loss thereof, and the amount in value stated in such land order, such
report is to be considered and sapproved by the Governor in Council,
and forthwith published in the New Zealand Gazette, with the date
of the approval attached thereto.
Notification of the Governor's approval is a sufficient warrant to the
Commissioner to issue to the nersons named in such approved report
as neing entitled to land, scrip for the amount of money ongmally
paid for the land order under which any such persons have been found
to be entitled, together with compensation to the amount of £1 for
every £1 sterling represented by such land order added thereto; so
that every person found entitled shall receive £2 in value for every
20s. in value to which he shall have been found entitled, except in
cases of lost land orders, in which case proceedings must be taken
under the Lost Land Orders Act, 1861.
No scrip can be delivered by the Commissioner until the land order
in satisfaction of which such scrip is issued has been cancelled by
him.
Upon the receipt of scrip all the right, title, interest, claim, and de¬
mand of the person to whom the same is issued, and of all other per¬
sons whatsoeter, to the land in respect of which scrip shall have been
issued is extinguished; and the issue of such scrip is, both at law and
in equity, a full and complete performance by the Crown, on behalf of
the New Zealand Company, of the contract or obligation of the Com¬
pany in respect of which such scrip shall have been issued.
All scrip to be issued under the authority of the said Act is trans¬
ferable and is receivable as cash by the Receiver of Land Revenue, in or
towards the purchase of waste lands of the Crown in any part of the
provincial district of Wellington, but not elsewhere, and mast be exer¬
cised within five years from the date of its issue ; claims for the exer¬
cise of scrip not made within such period of five years are barred.
The Commissioner cannot entertain or investigate any claims in
which the claimant shall not have notified his intention to have his
claim heard and decied under the provisions of the said Act within
the time limited for making such appiication. All claimants failing
to avail themselves of the provisions of the said Act are barred, and

Claimants not resident within the Colony of New Zealand should
forthwith appoint a duly authorized agent to do and perform what¬
ever may be requisite to obtain the benefit of the said Act.—Dated

(Signed) DAVID LEWIS, a Commissoner for the purposes
of the above referred to Act.
INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION, and Market of
Agricultural Machinery, Implements, &c., to be opened in
Hamburg on 13th June. 1878.—GOLDSCHMIDT and Co. are open to
REPRESENT EXHIBITORS, without charges for representation

CROYDON STEEPLECHASES (Hunters' Races
and Hurdle Races), Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, March

Charges of admission:—Race Course, each day, 1s.; Grand Stand,



eee
Welshers and known bad characters will be expelled from the



NEXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c.—A
REGISTER, containing the names of all persons who have been

F. H. Dougal and Co., 223, Strand, London, W.C.
TO be SOLD, for £30 (cost £55), a gentleman's
GOLD CENTRE SECONDS WATCH, by McCabe, in unim¬
paired condition, and a fine sample of that most eminent maker's

No. 22, Ludgate-hil
DAYLIGHT, in WAREHOUSES.—CHAPPUIS'

REFLECTORS.—69, Fleet-street.
