CHARLES STURGES is earnestly requested to

SEND an ADDRESS to Horace Templeton.
DEAR C.—I am so anxious to hear from vou re¬
specting your health: if returned, do pray WRITE. The L..
affair quite a failure, but I have good news to tell you. Same address.
ALLyour measures frustrated. Mistaken in the chas
racters of your servants and pretended friends. Every step of
yours and mine known and counteracted.
ant letters never
reach me. Try special messengers.—Dr. PIRSCHER, 32, Melton-¬
street, Euston-square.
INA to JIM.—Why all this mystery ? If you are
in trouble it will make no difference to my feelings
friendship
only come to me. I am at Brighton y
te ow me adres o
applying to Booty's library, King's-road. If I do not hear at once I
will have no pity on you.
NOTICE.—In consequence of the serious and con¬
tinued ILLNESS of Mr. W. HARRISON, all communications
respecting concerts and pupils must remain for a time unanswered.
LOST, on the 12th August, TWO WARRANTS,
ocoa nut oil, on Hay's-wharf. A REWARD
of THREE POUNDS will be paid if brought to Owen, Mertens, and
Co., Millwall. Delivery stodped. No further reward will be offered.
LOST, on Tuesday last, abous or between Waterloo
and Hampton-court Stations, a small GOLD GENEVA WATCH,
with black Albert chain attached. Whoever brings it to J. A. R.,
Siate-wharf, Belvedere-road, Lambeth, S., will be liberally
REWARDED

LOST, this day, between the hours of 12 and 2
between Deptford-bridge and Wickham-terrace, a small PARCEL.
containing a heart-shaped locket, with two photographs and a gold
brooch set with garnets and white stones. Whoever will bring the
same to Mr. Medlellan, lew,
Deptford-bridge, shall be RE¬
WARDED.—Tuesday, August 20, 1
TO CABMEN and others.—LEFT in a CAB, at
Kennington oval, a CASE, coutaining eight gold and diamond
pins.

address shall be hand¬
somely REWARDED.—Mr. Born, 115, London-wall.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday
evening, from 6 to 7 o'clock, between
cke¬

land-place, Bayswater, a LADY'S GOLD HUNTING WATCH, richly
engraved; maker's name Le Roy, Regent-street. Whoever will bring
the same to 37, Sutherland-place, Westbourne-grove, shall receive the
above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on board
a steamer, between Gravesend and the Essex-pier or Charing¬
cross Station, a small BROOCH, garnet and pearl. Whoever has found
the same and will bring it to Mr. Edgar, 6, Lower Porchester-street,
Oxford-square, shall receive the above reward.
BRIDGEWATER-HOUSE. —Caution to Pawn¬
brokers, Picture-dealers, and others.—
EN POUNDS RE¬
WARD.—STO

e eter-gallery, ab
t mon
sine, a.
M .
PICTURE
size 7in, by 6in., representin g a meado
in which are two cows and a heep (one of the cows a woman is milk¬
ing), by Adrian Van d e.
te e The aboy
r  a i ll ben¬


s
oe e ery of the

FOUND, in the Coffee room of the Hampstead-heath
Hotel, Vale of Health, Hampstead, a valuable ARTICLE of
JEWELLERY. The owner can obtain it on application to the manager,
F. F. Baker.
FOUND, on Saturday, the 12th, a BLACK RE¬
TRIEVER, white spots on breast. If not owned by Satur
day next will be SOLD to defray expenses. Apply to G. Radford
Knightsbridge Barracks.
NEXT of KIN.—If the RELATIONS or NEXT
of KIN of SARAH TOMSON, late of Bromley-common
the county of Kent, spinster, who died on or about the 11th day of
January, 1865, will apply to the Solicitor of the Treasury, Whitehall,
London, they may HEAR of SOMETHING to their ADVANTAGE.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £231 13s. 3d. Con¬
solidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names
of HENRY CLEEVER WOODCOCK, of Rearsby-hall, Leicester¬
shire, Esq., and WILLIAM LATHAM, of Melton Mowbray, Leices¬
tershire, attorney-at-law, and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed on and from the 5th January, 1854; Notice is hereby given
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to Henry Cleever
Woodcock and William Latham, who have claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
CHOCOLAT MENIER.—MENIER's FRENCH
CHOCOLATE.—Notice is hereby given, that legal proceedings
will be taken under the Merchaudise Marks Act, 1862, 25 and 26 Vic.
cap. 88, against any person or persons fraudulently making use of the
trade mark, or the signature, Menier, on the seal or cover, together
with colour of wrapper, form of cakes, &c., arrangement of label,
or otherwise, with the intention of deceiving the public by causing
spurious and inferior articles to be sold for the genuine Chocolat
Menier.
F. TRUEFITT, Solicitor, 4, Essex-court, Temple,
London.
FFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 181.—Nos.
65 and 68, Old Broad-street, in the city of London.—In the
Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the application of DONALD LARNACH, of Cannon¬
street, in the city of London, Esquire, the Registrar of the Office of
Land Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar months

of, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the
HEREDITAMENTS in the parish of St. Peter-le-Poor, in the city of
London, called or known as Nos. 65 and 68 respectively, Old Broad¬
street, in the tenure or occupation of the said Donald Larnach, and
which hereditaments are delineated on the Map No. 181, deposited by
the applicant in the Office of Land Registry as part of the description
of the same, and thereon edged with red, together with the mines
and minerals under the same hereditaments. If any person objects
to, or desires to show cause against such registration, or claims that
the same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that
any particular estate or encumbrance, charge or liability, not already
proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the
Register with reference to such hereditaments, such person may be
heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any
time before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the
date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or
otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause against, or to make
such claim in respect of such registration. But any person desiring to
make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating
the particulars thereof and with his name and address thereto, in
the Office of Land Registry before the expiration of the said three
calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise he will be excluded
from making the same. The said map of the said hereditaments, de¬
posited in the Office of Land Registry, may be inspected at the said
office at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof. —Dated this 24th day of August, 1865.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
WALTONS and BUBB, Solicitors to the Applicant,
30, Buck

FF .
ND REGISTRY.—
182.—
Premises lately known ast
Rose and Crown, Old Broad-street
tohe of London.—In the
titer of th
Act o   25 t d 26th
Victoria, chap. 53.—Notice is hereby given, tha
mhe he application of

 Cooper, Baronen
a nand onald Larnach, Esq., both of
Cannon-street, in the city of London, th e e.

Land Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar month

thte o   .
ER with inne eae
DER 
the
BREDITAMENTS situate in Old Broad-street, in the parish of
Saint Peter¬
Poor, in the city of London, lately called or known as
th

ess

Cooper and Donald Larnach, an
te e et
e
nhe Ma  , 182 deposit e
plicants in the f

Registry as part of the description of t e an
thereon edge w ith 

ao o e inirals under th
same heredita¬
Lents. If any person objects to, or desires to show cause against, such
registration, or claims that the same should be subject to any
conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or incum¬
brance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before
the Registrar, should be entered on the register with reference
to such hereditaments, such person may be heard at the Office
of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before
the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit
or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause against, or to
make such claim in respect of, such registration. But any person de¬
siring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing,
stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto,
in the Offce of Land Registry, before the expiration of the said three
calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise he will be excluded
from making the same The said map of the said hereditaments de¬
posited in the Office of Land Registry may be inspected at the said
office at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof. — Dated this 24th day of August, 1867.
AD. MORDAUNT, Chief Clork.
WALTONS and BUBB, Solicitors to the Applicants,
30, Bucklers.

CLAPHAM-HALL. —Notice. —The FIFTH
SEASON will COMMENCE September 20th. An efficient As¬
sistant Required for Fencing and Gymuastics. Apply to Mr. A. Winter¬
bottom, at the Hall
NOTICE.—THOMAS TAPLING, BEALL, and
Co. (formerly Thomas Tapling and Co.), carpet warehousemen,
&c., have REMOVED from 44a, Gresham-street, and 74, Alderman¬
bury, to their restored premises, 1 to 8, Gresham-street west, citv.
FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.—JNO. WARD,
invalid chair manufacturer, &c., begs to inform the nobility and
gentry that his business is carried on at No. 12, Leicester-place, until
the Saville-house premises are rebuil e
MRS. MERMILLIOD, institutrice, of Passy Paris,
has just arrived in London, and she will be at home every day
till 28th of present month, from 4 to 6 o'clock p.m.—At 124, Regent¬
street, at Mr. Petit's.
MR. STRATHEARN will be in attendance Wed¬
nesday, Thursday, and Friday only, during August.—22, Prince's¬

GENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, under medi¬
oal dir
toion, 5, Henrietta-street, Co.

Sec.
toary e Ha m i to , .
Lady Superintend
Mrs. NIKEL.
Sk
me a nsurgicen.
mental, monthly, and wet nurses can
obtained, at a moment
notice, from this Institute, for any part of

toe lso e e ab re
A separate departmen
or atendance on fever
T. HAMILTON, Secretary.
THE LONDON NECROPOLIS.—"The only Ceme¬
tery Company which combines in its practic
ae e r e re eared.
public
ith and public deconoy."—See Dr. Sutherland's Report to
th e oe.

Th
ale of charges, which include coffin, all undertaking expenses,
and a private grave, varies from £17 4s. to £2
The
ompany also undertake the conduct of funerals to other ceme¬
teries.
Offices, 2, Lancaster-place, Strand; 60, Sloane-street; 60, Westmin
ter-road; 5, Kennington-green: and 20, Newcastle-street, Strand.
FCONOMIC FUNERAL COMPANY (Limited).—
Funerals conducted in the best style, and with superior appoint¬
ments, at one-half the usual cost. Sole offices, 28, New Bridge-street,
Blackfriars, and 82, Baker-street, W.	ALEXIS BONO, Manager.
FUNERALS.—D. COOKSEY, 52, Amwell-street,
Pentonville, E.C.—Every article in the above business may be
obtained at the above address, of the best quality, and at lowest prices.

FUNERALS. —Central Funeral Establishment, 215,
Holborn, adjoining the Bloomsbury Branch Bank.—
FUNERALS at stated charges, irrespective of distance, and suitable
lasses, combined with economy and respectability.—T.
TOOVEY and Co proprietors. Estimates forwarded.
MONUMENTAL.—IMPERISHABLE INSCRIP¬
TIONS in SOLID LEAD as introduced from Italy, with unfail¬
iecess, by Mr. E.J.PHYSICK, sculptor lare only to be

The Monumental Works, 136, Marylebone-road, adjoining Baker-street,
London. Designs for memorial sculpture, monuments, tablets, &c.,
forwarded upon application, stating particulars, &c., to Mr. Physick.
NONOGRAMS, Crests, Arms, Initials, and
Heraldic Devices PAINTED, Engraved, or Worked in Em¬
on travelling bags, portmanteaus, and despatch boxes, at
FISHER's, 188, Strand.
LONOGRAMS, designed, 1s.; crest mes cut, 5s.
No charge for engraving crest, address, or monogram die if an
order be given for a ream of paper, and 500 envelopes, best quality.
21s., all stamped free, and carriage paid.—T. CULLETON, die sinker,
mmamn
MONOGRAMS.—ARMS, Crests, and Monograms

of Dukes, Marquises, and Earls. Monogram dies art
icaly
designed for note paper and envelo
te e i itials or
fulli Christian name, 1s. 6d.—KERBY and SON, 190, Oxford-street,
By appointment to H.R.H. the Prince of Wales.
JONOGRAMS. —"Jenner and Knewstub's mono¬
gram dies for stamping note paper are exquisite specimens of
the art."—Court Johrnal. Ball and band programmes, book plates,
card plates, dinner cartes, invitations and compliment cards in the
newest styles.—JENNER and KNEWSTUB, to all the Royal Family,
No. 33, St. James's-street, and 66, Jermyn-street.
WON.
GEREAM
AEAC. —STEEL D E
S, for stamping

per and envelopes, CUT at half price, and remain the pro¬
porty 
th e en,
mere Monograms tasteful,
a nede, ae ea sketches.
forwarded. No charge for plain.



reduc
1o 1s, he ei il n.
plied with stationery at whole¬

PARKINS and GOTTO, 24, 25, a ed

treet,
ondon.
BODNRE
UES MONOGRAMS
OE R  ICED
DEVICES, desine,
a e t neneanen¬
e e s f art

note pap¬
graved
and en elopes sta mped in co
uer relet, and ilu¬
minated in the most elegant atyle; arms, crests, or monograms

seals or rings. At Henry Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly, W.
