WHISPER. Empty pocket. As quiet as
mouse.—At Xmas.—POLLAKY, 13, Paddington-green, W.
F this should MEET the EYES of HUGH SMITH,
late of Newarthill, Scotland, N.B., he is requested to COMMU!
TTr  with his brothe
DEAR FRANK.—RETURN immediately. Al
has been arranged. If you delay, your mother will be dead
to me, I am alone.—Cousin Fred
WEXT of KIN.—Cooper.—The RELATIONS or
NEXT of KIN of REBECCA COOPER, late of Birkenhead, in
the county of Chester, widow, deceased (whose maiden name was
Thornley), and who died on or about the 15th day of November, 1868,
are requested to APPLY to the Solicitor of the Treasury, Whitchall
London.—19th November, 1869.
CANCER HOSPITAL.—The Board of Manage
.
ratefully ACKNOWLEDGE £1,000, from G. M. E.
through Messrs. Contts and Co., received most opportunely in ald o
the sufferers of this Institution.
Board Room, 167, Piccadilly, Nov. 19, 1869.
ST. GILES'S SOUP KITCHEN, 14, King-street,
Long-acre.—The Treasurer, Mr. Geo. Hatton, begs to ACKNOW
LEDGE, with grateful thanks, the RECEPT of £100 from T. W., fo
the above Institution.—12 Ampton-place, Regent-square W.
MODEL SOUP KITCHEN, 295, Euston-road.—
The Treasurer of the above thankfully ACKNOWLEDGES th
munificent DONATION of £100 from S. N. This seasonable hely
will comfort and sustain hundreds of deserving people.—32, Osna¬
burgh-street.
LOST (it is supposed in the neighbourhood of Re¬
gent-circus, Oxford-street), about 4 o'clock on Thursday after
noon, the 18th inst., a PLAIN GOLD CABLE BRACELET, in case
Whoever, finding the same, will take it to Smyth's millinery rooms
No. 109, Oxford-street, shall be handsomely REWARDED
LOST, on Thursday, 18th inst., between Hyde-park-t
gardens and Russell-square, a GOLD NECKCHAIN and
LOCKET, with Carbuncle in centre, hair and inscription at the back,
The cham and locket may have separated, ONE GUINEA REWARD
will be paid to any person who will take the same to 31, Hyde-park
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a POCKET,
BOOK, containing various country bills. Whoever tahes the
mne to the Castle, Cow-cross-street, shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, November 17th, in the Regent's-park, a
SMALL WHITE CURLY DOG. The owner may have the same
applying at 35, Upper Baker-street, Regent's-park, N.W
FOUND, last month, near Leicester-square, a
TWENTY POUND BANK NOTE. The owner to apply, by
letter, with particulars of ownership, addressed to A. Z., at 44, Nelson¬
square, Blackfriars-road. (Second advertisement.)
FOUND, in the Royal Adelphi Theatre, on Tuesday
night last, by one of the attendants, FOUR FIVE-POUND
NOTES. The owner can have them restored by describing them and
giving the numbers, upon application to J. W. Anson, Treasurer.—
Nov. 17, 1869.
IF the PICTURE LEFT at 232, Lancaster-road,
Notting-hill, be NOT FETCHED AWAY before the 26th instant,
it will be SOLD to defray expenses. —18th Nov., 1869.
JOHN HENRY KOLLE, Esq.—Change of Name
—Notice is hereby given, that by force of Her Majesty's Royal
heence for that purpose, and in compliance with the will of his mater¬
nal great aunt, Mary Ann Horton, late of Highbury, deceased, John
Henry Kolle, Esq., of Park-house, Upper Tooting, of the Holt, Mid¬
dleton Cheney, in the county of Northampton, and of No. 65, Queen¬
street, Cheapside, will henceforth ASSUME the NAME, and bear the
Arms, of HORTON only, instead of Kolle.—Dated this 20th day of
November, 1869.
SAML. POTTER, 36, King-street, Cheapside, Solicitor for
he said John Henry Horton,
NORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT
DISTRICT.—Strand Union.—I, the undersigned J. H.
Mitchiner, Auditor of the above named district, do hereby give notice
that I have APPOINTED the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the
STRAND UNION, and of the parishes therein contained, for the
half-year ended the 29th of Sept., 1869, to commence on Monday, the
6th day of December, 1869, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Strand
Union office, Bow-street, when and where all persons who by law are
bound to account at such Audit are required to attend, and to submit
all books, documents, bills, and vouchers, containing or relating to the
accounts, or to the moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief o¬
the poor. — Dated the 20th day of November 1869.
J. H. MITCHINER, District Auditor.
CHARLOTTE WILBY, deceased.—NOTICE to
LEGATEES.—Whereas Charlotte Wilby, late of Wortham, in
Suffolk, widow, deceased (who died on the 9th day of May last), by her
will, dated the 7th of October, 1861, and proved by Thomas Hart, of
Wortham aforesaid, farmer, and William Cullingford, of Blo Norton,
in Norfolk, farmer, the trustees and executors therein named, in the
District Registry of Her Majesty's Court of Probate in the Western
Division of the county of Suffolk, at Bury St. Edmund's, on the 28th
day of May last, empowered her said Trustees to Sell the Dwelling¬
house, Garden, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, situate at
Wortham aforesaid, wherein she then resided, and all other her real
estate whatsoever and wheresoever. And the said testatrix be
queathed all her personal estate unto her said trustees for sale and
conversion, as therein mentioned. And the said testatrix empowered
her said trustees to stand possessed of the net moneys to arise from the
sale and conversion of her said real and personal estate, in trust for her
three sisters—viz, Elizabeth Lines, of Fressingfield, in Suffolk, widow;
Maria, then or then late the wife of
Lawes (whose.
place of abode was then unknown to the said testatrix), and Ann, the
wife of George Boby, of Foundation-street, in the parish of Saint Mar¬
garet's, Ipswich, in Suffolk, equally. And the said testatrix directed
that if the said Elizabeth Lines, Maria Lawes, and Ann Boby, or
any or either of them, should be then dead, or die before her then
she gave the legacy or share of such sister so dying to such her child or
children as should be living at her decease and should attain the age
of 21 years or marry, if more than one equally; but so that the child
or children of the said Elizabeth Lines, Maria Lawes, and Ann Boby
of should take only such share as the said Elizabeth Lines Maria Lawes,
and Ann Boby would have taken if living. And the said testatrix de
clared that if her said sister, Maria Lawes, should not be heard of
for the space of five years from the said testatrix's death, or in
the children of the said Maria Lawes (if any), such children
to be entitled by operation of law to their mother's share of
testatrix's trust property, should not be heard of for the said
term of five years from testatrix's death, and the said
Maria Lawes or her children (if any), if entitled as afore
said, should fail or neglect within the period aforesaid to apply
to testatrix's said trustees, or trustec for the time being fom
of payment of her or their share of testatrix's trust property, then and
in any case thereinbefore prescribed, such share of said testatrix's
sister, Maria Lawes, or her children (if any), if entitled as aforesaid
should, at the expiration of the period aforesaid, be held by said testa¬
trix's trustees or trustee for the time being upon the trusts thereing
before declared, concerning the produce of said testatrix's real and
personal estate, in favour of said testatrix's other sisters, the said
Elizabeth Lines and Ann Boby, or their children; and whereas it is
supposed that the said Maria Lawes is now residing in the United
States of America;—Notice is hereby given, that such of the above
named legatees as are now living, and the issue or legal representatives
ar of such of the abovenamed legatees as are now dead, are required to
apply at the office of Messrs. Ashurst, Morris, and Co., 6, Old Jewry,
London, solicitors, or at the offices of Mr. J. C. Brook, of Diss, in the
county of Norfolk, solicitor, to establish their claims to the moneys
which under the said will they may be entitied as aforesaid.—Dated

ASHURST. MORRIS, and Co., 6, Old Jewry, London
agents for J. C. Brook, Solicitor, Diss, Norfolk.
LONDON, BRIGHTON, and SOUTH-COAST
RAILWAY COMPANY.—Notice of Forfeiture of Shares.—
Notice is hereby given, that the Registered Holders of the severa¬
Shares in this Company, respectively specified in the Schedule here
under, having failed to pay the several calls and interest due thereon
the Directors intend to declare the said SHARES FORFEITED.
ALLEN SARLE, Secretary.
Dated London-bridge, 17th November, 1869.
The Schedule above referred to:
Number and Description of Shares.
No.
From
2 Preferential £1 per Cent. £20 Shares (1864),
issued in substatution for shares in the late
Brighton, Uckfield, and Tunbridge Wells Rail¬
way Cot.

201 

Cent. £5 Shares (1895)	108326 10833.
AFFICE of the BOSTON BOARD of UNDERS
WRITERS, 18, Merchants' Exchange.—The undersigned under
writers on the bark Pursuit, her cargo and froight, wrecked off Paraibs
in Nov., 1858, desire to express to R. J. SHALDERS, Esq., H. B. M.
Consul at Paraiba, their APPRECIATION of his valuable SERVICES
rendered to the master of the Pursuit in disposing of the property and
settting the matters relative to the same, whereby the most satisfuctors
results to all parties concerned were attained
Washington Insurance Company, by ISAAC SWEETSER, Pre¬
sident.
National Insurance Company, by A. H. BEAN, President.
s
2, by J. B. TILTON, Pre.
Union Mutual Insurance Company, of New Bedford by T. W
May 24, 1860.
HATHAWAY, President.
SALMON FISHERY ACTS, 1861, 1862.—Notices
is hereby given, that the Special Commissioners for Englis
Fisheries will hold an ADJOURNED COURT at the Town-hall, Lan
caster, on Friday, the 7th day of January, 1870, at 11 o'clock in the
forenoon, and at such court will proceed to inquire into the legality o
all fishing weirs, fishing mill dams, and fixed engines, situute in th
Lune, Wyre. Keer, and Cocker Fishery District; and all persons interested
in such engines are required to attend at such court from day to das
until discharged, in orner that a decision may be made by the sai
Commissioners with respect to the removal of such fiching weirs of
11, fixed engines, or the alteration of such fishing mill dams, or that sucl
other order may be made by thom in the premises as the facts of eaci
case appear to warrant.
THOMAS F. BRADY, Secretary.
Dated at 8, Parlament-street, Westminster, this 18th

SALMON FISHERY ACTS, 1861, 1860.—Notied
is hereby given, that the Special Commissioners for Englis
Fuherles will hold a COURT in the Magistrates' Court, Scotch-street
Whitehaven, on Tuesday, the 4th day of January, 1870, at 11 o'clock in
the forenoon; and at such Court will proceed to inquire into th
legality of all fishing weirs, fishing mill dams, and fixed engines
situate on the rivers Irt, Mite, and Esk, and the joint estuary theree
in the county of Cumberland; and all persons interested in suc
engines are required to attend at such Court from day to day unti
discharged, in order that a decision may be made by the said Com
missioners with respect to the remeval of such fishing weirs or fixe
engines, or the alteration of such fishing mill dams, or that such othe
order may be marle by them in the premises as the facts of each cas
appear to warrant.
THOS. F. BRADY, Secretary.
Lated at 8, Parliament-street, Westminster, this 19th
day of November, 18. 9.
THE NETHERLANDS INDUSTRIAL ASSO
CIATION, 2, Nicuwe Molstraat, the Hague, gives innnediat
ADVICE and ASSISTANCE on all cominental and Indian question
relating to industry, commerce, navigation, and the useful arts and
tes. Apply personally or by pre-paid letter.
FOR SALE, without Reserve. — Whereas, in the
month of December, 1866, the WORKING PARTS and GUN
METAL FITTINGS of a PAIR of MARINE or STATIONARM
ENGINES were deposited with us in contemplation of a sale by anc
tion, and an advance received thereon by Mr. WM. FORSTER, of
Rhodeswell Works, Stepney.—This is to give notice to the said Wil
liam Forster, and all other persons whom it may concern, that unles
the said advance and our charges be previously repaid, we shall pro¬
ceed to SELL the above-mentsoued property on the 27th day o
January, 1870.
(Signed)
JOHNSON and DYMOND, auctioneers, &c., 39 and 39, Grace
gamber, 18. 1860.
chorch-street,
a
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. EPHRAIM
MOSELY, Surgeon-Dentist, late of 9, Grosvernor-street, an
nounces that he has REMOVED to No. 5, four doors nearer Bond
street, where he may be consulted as usual 
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. FREDK. DAVIS
importer, purchaser, and valuer of old Sovres, Chelsca, Worcester
Dresden, and other rare china and works of art in general, begs to in
form the nobility, gentry, and public that he has REMOVED from
109, New Bond-street to his new gallery, 51, Pall-mall, W. inearly op
posite Marlborough-house), where his valuable collection of old Sevres
other rare porcelains, and objects of art are always on sale. N.B.—F.D.
continues to purchase rare old china and curiosities to any amount.
NOTICE.—Mr. E. HARTRY, surgeon-dentist, in
consequence of the death of his brother, has REMOVED from
No. 42, Harley-street, Cavendishsquare, to 41, St. Martin's-lane, Tral
falgar-square, the origina firm
CAMPBELLS THREE-GUINEA GOLD
WATCHES warranted:—Gold watches, four holes, jewelled
from £3 3s. to £8 18s. 6d. ; ditto, in silver cases, from £1 8s. 6d.
£3 13s. 6d.; gold levers, Campbell's own make, from £8 18s. 6d. to 4
guineas; ditto, in silver cases, from £4 4s. to £13 13s. ; the railwa
timekeeper, £7 17s. 6d.; solid gold chains, from £1 1s. to £18 18s. Ne¬
designs in jewellery from every manufactory in the world.—At Andrew
Camphell's,

E.C. All goods free and safe by post.
BENOR 
Watches
Clocks
Gold Jew
ery
of all kinds.
o k ninds
of Newest Designs.
Lever
pravingromn
Bracelets.
Horizonts.
Dining room
Brooches
Chronometer.

Earrings

Church
ckets
O
nograph

Naop
Necklaces.
Mr. Benson, who o s t 
appointment to H.R.H. the Prince of
Wales, has just published two pan
hlets, enriched and embellished
i
Illustrations—one upon Watch and C.
Making, and the othe

i Gold Jewellery. These are sen¬
post free f .


oe e iving in th e co untr
abroad can
cat the art iec e required.
and have it forwarded with pe te e
safety.—25, Old Bond-street: and
 the City Steam Works, 5.
and 60, Ludgate-hill.
