ETTER of 19th February received. Will send
£500 as requested. On no account return to England.—O. X. B.
WILLIAM BR—TTL—K.—Your father died 14th
March. Return to Derbyshire, or Communicate.
HUGH BELLAMY is requested to COM¬
MUNICATE, immediately, with his Sister-in-law at Croydon.
What has prevented my hearing anything of you
for so long? Let me hear your plans or see you very soon. I
s
to B.—Articles returned; letter destroyed. If
you are pradent send your address to your mother at once. No
publicity has been given to your absonce, My advice is, return as soon
as possible.
THE COMMITTEE of the NORTH LONDON
HOSPITAL for DISEASES of the ES,
ratefully
to ACKNOWLEDG
t e e Building Fund,

FOREIGN HEALTH RESORT FUND (in con¬
nexion with the Central London Throat and Ear Hospital),
Gray's-inn-road.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEPT of £10 from the   
Viscountess Gort, and of £3 from
G. Wingfield Digby, Esq., in aid of the funds for assistin
ate re¬
quiring treatment at foreign watering places.—ALFRED HUTTON,
Capt., Hon. Sec.
ROYAL INFIRMARY for CHILDREN and
WOMEN, Waterloo-bridge-road, S.E.—Established 1816; enlarged
1875.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT
of NEW ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTIONS of £1 1s. from Messrs. Conis¬
bee and Sons, and £1 1s. from T. S. Coniabee, Esq., in aid of the
greatly-increased
ork of ths Hospital, consequent onth
enlargement.—JOHN F. EASTWOOD, Treasurer; WILLIAM
CHAMPION, Secretary.
LOST, between 16, Queensberry-place, South Kens¬
ington, and 6, South Eaton-place, S.W., a BLACK LACE FAN,
with tortolseshell stick and frame, attached to the broken swivel of a
silver chain, on Monday evening, March 6, about half-past 10 o'clock.
Whoever has found the above fan shall be REWARDED on returning
it to 6, South Eaton-place.
THREE POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, in Kensing¬
ton-gardens or Westbourne-terrace, a LADYS GOLD WATCH.
Maker's name, Bennett. Any person finding the same and taking it
to 30, Westbourne-terrace, shall receive the above reward.
HONITON LACE HANDKERCHIEF LOST, at
the Gaelic Ball, Willis's Rooms, February 15th. The finder will
greatly oblige by conmmunicating with A.R., Jerusalem Coffee-house,
Cornhill, E.C.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Thurs¬
brning, between London-bridge and Cheapside, a PAIR
of GOLD EYE GLASSES. The above reward will be paid on taking
them to Mr. E. G. Wood, Optician, 74, Cheapside.
FOUND, on Thursday, March 9th, in front of Buck¬
ingham Palace, a DOG, three white paws, part of head
and breast also white. May be had on paying expenses at the Stables,
No. 32, Farm-street, Berkeley-square.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £40 Consolidated £3 per
ent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the Name of MARCUS
TURNER, of Aylesbury, Bucks, Gentleman, and which was transferred
to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the Dividends thereon
having remained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1865 ;—Notice is
hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to
Henry Jeffreys Farrar, surviving executor of Marcus Turher, decensed,
who has claimed the same, uniess some other claimant shall sooner
pear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Neduction
of the National Debt of the sum of £201 14s. 6d. Consolidated £3 per

te heretofore standing in the names of the Rev.
n
MARK GRETION DENNIS, of Great Tatham, Essex, Clerk, and
the Rev. PHILIP GRETTON DENNIS, Fellow of Emanuel College,
Cambrilge, and which was transfered to the said Commissioners, in
consequence of the Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed
since the 5th January, 1861:—Notice, is hereby given that, on the ex¬
piration of three months from this date, the said Stock will be
Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to the Rev. Mark
Gretton Denpis and the Rev. Philip Gretton Dennis, who have claimed
the same, unless soine other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto.
TO JAMES CARTER, 32, Craven-street, Strand.—
Take notice, that on the 25th March instant, the Chancery
Division of the High Court of Justice will be moved before, the Vice¬
Chancellor Sir Charles Hall for JUDGMENT agamst you in the
action "Cook v. Dey," 1876, C. 63, particulars of which action were
advertised in Tue Times of the 23d February, 1876.
CHAPMAN, TURNER, and PRICHARD, 26, Lincoln's¬
inn-fields, 17th March, 1876
PURSUANT to an Order of the High Court of
Chancery dated the 23rd April 1875 in the matter of the Trusts of
the sum of £1.692 being one moiety of the personal Estate of Richard
Strong deceased the persons claiming to be NEXT of KIN according
to the Statutss of RICHARD STRONG late of Southall Park in the
County of Middlesex who intermarried with Jane Maxwell Smith
living at the time of his death on the 1st day of May 1873 or to be the
legal personal representatives of such of the next of kin as are now
dead are by their Solicitors on or before the 10th day of May 1876 to
come in and prove their claims at the chambers of The Vice Chancel¬
lor Sir Richard Malins situate at. No. 3 Stone Buildings, Lincoln's
Inn Middlesex or in default thereof they will be perembtorily ex¬
cluded from the benefit of the said Order. Monday the 15th day of
May 1876 at noon at the said Chambers is appointed for hearing and
adjudicating upon the claims. — Dated this 9th day of March 1876.
LEDWARD SHEARME Chief Clerk.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE. Probate,
Divorce and Admiralty Division, (Probate)—The Prindipal Regis¬
try. In the Goods of John Jones, deceased.—JOHN JONES, of Plas
Ucha, in the parish of Llanfairfechan, in the County of Carnarvon,
farmer, duly executed his WILL on the 26th day of February, 1870, in
the presence of Philip Constable Ells, of the Rectory House, in the
said parish and county, Clerk in Holy Orders, and Liywelyn Lewis, of
Aber, in the said county, Gentleman, By this Will the Testator gave
and devised his Freehold Farm and Lahds called PlaslUcha aforesaid,
together with the frith called Ffrithy Peg, situate in the parish of
Gyflin, in the said county, in his own occupation, unto and amongst his
nephew William Jones, his njece, Catherine Roberts (now Gatherine
Joues, the wife of John Jones), and his domestic servint, Elizabeth
Thomas, share and share alike as Tenants in common, subject to a cer¬
tain legacy, together with the whole of his Household Furniture and
Effects. And he gave and devised the Farm and Lands called Bwich,
situate in the patish of Gyffin aforesaid, in his occupation, unto and
amongst his three Brothers, subject, to certain legacies, and he gave
and devised all his Farning Stock and Implements of Husbandry, and
the rest, residue and the remainder of his property, unto and amongst his
said three Brothers, his said Nephew and Niece, and his said Domes¬
tic servant, share and share alike. He also appointed his three
Brothers joint Executors of the said Will, and he died on the 1st No¬
vember, 1875, at Plas Ucha aforesaid, but the said Will cannot now be
found. Whoever will bring the original Will, or give such informa¬
tion as may lead to its discovery to Mr. Willian
nes, of Conway, in
the county of Caruaryon, Solicitor, shall be REWARDED
IN the Matter of LETTERS PATENT for the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, granted to
JAMES ASTON, of Hythe, in the county of Kent, for the improve¬
ments in breech-loading fireayms, bearing date the 17th day of July
1871, and numbered 1,866.—Notice is hereby given, that the said
James Aston has applied by petition to the Commissioners of Patents.
according to the Statute in that case made and provided, for LEAVE
to ENTER a DISCLAIMER and MEMORANDUM of ALTERA¬
TION of certain PARTS of the SPECIFICATION of the said Letters
Patent, and any person intending to oppose such application must
leave notice thereof at the office of Her Majesty's Sohcitor-General,
No. 2. Hare-court, Temple, in the county of Middlesex, within ten
days from the date hereof. Dated the 17th day of March, 1876.
COLLETTE and COLLETTE, 23, Lincoln's-inn-fields, London,
ea
IN the Matter of the Charity called PHILIP DE¬
NING'S TRUST, for the benefit of the Minister and the Poor
in connection with Worship-street Chapel, in the parish of St. Leo¬
nard, Shoreditch, in the county of Midulesex.
By direction of the Charity Commissioners, notice is hereby
that the Trustees of this Charity propose to GRANT a BUILDING
LEASE of the property mentioned in the subjoined Schedule, for the
term of 80 years, at the ultimate annual ground rent of £30, the
lessee covenanting to expend not less than £500 in the erection of a
warehouse or model dwelling-house on the said property.
Further particulars may be ascertained from Messrs. Field, Roscoe,
and Co., Solicitors, 36, Lincoln's-inn-fields, W.C.
Any objection to the proposed lease may be transmitted to the
Commissioners, in writing, addressed to their Secretary, No. 8, York¬
street, St. James's-square, London, within 21 days from the first publi¬
cation of this nlotice.
Schedule.—Three messuages, situate and being Nos. 25, 26, and 27,
White Horse-alley, Cow. Cross-street, in the parish of St. Sepuichre, in
the county of Middlesex; together with their site and appurtenances,
containing a total area of 1,250 superficial feet, or thereabouts, and
having a rrontage to the said alley of 47 leet.

HENRY M. VANE, Secretary.
WHEREAS the WARDENS and COMMON¬
ALTY of the MISTERY of FISHMONGERS, of the City of
London, and the MAYOR and COMMONALTY and CITIZENS
of the said CITY of LONDON, Masters, Guardians, and Governors of
the House and Hospital called Bethichem, in the said
London,
being respectvely intorested under the provisions of "The Acts
for the e ine ene
Exohange, and Improvenient of Lands," in the
LAND and HEREDITAMENTS set forth in the Schedule hereun¬
der written, with the easements and appurtenances thereunto belong¬
ing, and being desirous of effecting an EXCHANGE of the same,
have made application, in writing, to the Inclosure Commissioners for
England and Wales, to direct enquiries whether such proposed ex¬
change would be beheficial to the owners of such respective land
and
hereditaments, and to proceed with the same under the provisions of

Now the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, being of
opinion that such exchange would be beneficial, and that
te torms
thereof are just and reasonable, horeby give hotice that they will cause
to be framed and confirmed, under their hands and seal, an Order of
Exchange in the matter of the said application, unless notice in
writing of dissent to the said proposed exchange be given to them by
some person entitled to an estate in, or to a charge upon, the said land
and hereditaments, or any part thereof, on or before the 26th day of
June next.
The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Notice refers.
Land and Hereditaments in which the above named Wardens and
Commonalty of the Mistery of Fishmongers as aforesaid are inter¬
ested, situate in the parish of St. Andrew Undershaft, in the City of
London, and probosed to be
cochanged for the land and heredi¬
taments hereinafter specified:—
Description.
A piece of Ground situate on the east side of Lime-street, being the
sites of houses, Nos. 47 and a portion of No. 46, now pulled down—
4,023 feet.
Land and Hereditaments in which the above named Mayor and Com¬
semedees
dovernors of
e s s e
Bethlehem Hospital as aforesaid, are intérested, situate in the parish
of St. Andrew Undershaft, in the said City of London,

to be exchanged for the land and hereditaments hereinbefore speci¬
fied:
Desgription.
Two pieces of Ground
date on the east sid e a e e
being the sites of Nos. 2 and 5, and a portion of Nos. 3 and 4, Lime¬
Lssssee—
Wit
is ethed
    nd
ay o March, in the year of Our Lord
one thousand eigut hundred and seventy-six.
H. PYNE, by order of the Board.
inc osure Com¬
ssion, 3.
James's-square, London, S.W.
FRIEDRICH Von MARTINI.—Notice is hereby
given that the only firm in which the abovenamed gentleman is
a partner, or in any way engaged, is that of Messrs, Martini, Tanner,
and Co., of Frduenfeld, Switzerland, and that no other person or tirm
has any authority to pledge his credit or enter into any obligation or
contract on his behalf.—Dated this 11th day of March, 1876.
WATKINS, BAKER, BAYLIS, and BAKER, 11, Sackville¬
street, London, Solicitors for the said Friedrich von Martini.
LLIZARINE.—Notice is hereby given, that Brooke,
Simpson, and Spiller, of London, and the Badische Anilin and
Soda Fabrix, of Ludwigshafen, have this day formed an alliance for
the purpose of protecting the Patents in which they are jointly and
severally interested for the Manufacture and Sale of Artincial Aliza¬
rine in Great pritain, and that Sills will be filed in the High Court of
Chancery against all persons (save those to whom licences have been
granted) who have made or sold, or who shall make or sell Alizarine
in direct infringement of the rights of the said Brooke, Simpson, and
Spiller, and the Badische Anilin and Soda Fabrik, or either of them.
—Signed at Paris this 25th day of February, 1876.
BROOKE, SIMPSON, and SPILLER.
F. ENGELHORN, For the Badische Company.
G. SIEGE
NOTICE.—JOHN BARKER and COMPANY,
87, 89, 91, 93, Kensington High-Street, and 20, 22, 24, 28, 28, Ball¬
Kensington, will CLOSE their ESTABLISHMENT on
SATURDAYS at TWO on and after Saturday, the 1st April.
TO PREVENT DISAPPOINTMENT during the
CLEARANCE SALE for Re-building of premises and adding
the late Eagle Brewery premises, anjoining to their show rooms, Messrs.
OETZMANN and Co. beg to intimate that their ESTABLISHMENT
will be CLOSED at FOUROCLOCK on SATURDAYS, as heretofore,
and trust that by this notice their desire to maintain the early closing
on Saturdays for the Assistants will not interfere with the convenience
of their customers.—Oetzmann and Co., complete House Furnishers,
Nos. 67, 69, 21, 73, and 77, Hampstead-roadmnear Tottenham-court-road.
NEXT of KIN OFFICE.—Established 1825 by
ROBERT CHAMBERS, 4, Caunon-row Westminster, Lon¬
don. Note.—It cannot be too generally known that a record is kept of
persons advertised for. Third edition of Index, 10s. 6d.; initial letter 1s.
PEDIGREES COMPILED by the advertiser, who,
having during a search of 15 years in the Tublic Record Office,
racted from the pleas and other rolis evidence touching the his¬
tory of familles and estates can give the true history of every famill
in England.—JAMES PHILLIPPE, 93, Highgate-road
POLLAKYS PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, con¬
ed personally by Mr. Pollaky, 27 years' experience in England
and with the foreign detective police.—13, Paddington-green.
