.B. de L.—WRITE to your home or office imme¬
diately.
W.
L.Z. will find a LETTER, addressed D., post¬
A.,
fice, Phoenix.
eo.
VY to IVY.—Pray Arrange Something. I cannot,

tie you might. Please WRITE.
D.—Yes. An honourable arrangement only
Have been away from No. 10. Return the 7th October. Do
call yourself. Confidential; write again.
G. C., allas C. T.—Fear you discontinued to call fo

to your long letter. Pray WRITE as before, and give ad¬
dress that will find you.—E. B.
THERE is a THIRD LETTER and "enclosure
for P. A., at same post-office, from H.—P. A. is earnestly en¬
treated to write for it.—4.
THE YOUNG ENGLISHMAN, so great an admirer
of Milton, who on the morning of the 14th of last month, at
Baden-Baden, accompanied a family, consisting of three ladies and
one gentleman, from the Trinkhalle to the Neue Schloss, and who
arranged to meet the same family 10 days after at Chamounix, is re¬
quested to WRITE to S. de F., under cover to Mr. Pollaky, Private
Inquiry-office, 13, Paddington-green, London, W.
CANCER HOSPITAL, London and Brompton.—
The Committee of Management desire gratefully to ACKNOW¬
LEDGE the RECEIPT of a £5 NOTE, number G. with D unde
16551, found in the donation box of the London Establishment, 167, Pic
cadilly, opposite to Bond-street, on Friday (Board day), 22d Sept., 1865.
W. J. COCKERILL, Sec.
LEFT, at the Cock and Hoop, West-end, Hamp¬
stead, a HEIFER. If NOT FETCHED away within a week i
will be SOLD to defray expenses. — Sept. 27, 1865.
FIVE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, at Brichton,
gust 8th last, a cropped-eared BLACK and TAN SCOTCH
TERRIER, five years old, coat short and rough. Had on a slight gilt
chain collar. Supposed to have run back on the London-road. The
owner will give the above reward to any one who will return it to her
at No. 5, Harley-place, Upper Harley-street.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Mon¬
day, 11th Septem
to  been lost from a cab at the
west end of Pall-malli, a PICTURE, subject Roses and other Flowers
on a gray marble siab, about 15 in. by 12 in., by Th. Gronland, 1864.
Apply at 4, Pall-mall-place.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday
evening, August 29th ert en,
6. he    e
cr 
Kensington, a SMALL, LIGHT-HAIRED SCOTCH TERRIER
DOG. The hair about the chest cut rather short. Answers to the
name of Charlie. Whoever will bring him to the above address shall
be rewarded. No further reward will be offered.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LEFT, in a second¬
class carriage of the train to London leaving Hastings at 6.10 p.m.,
on Monday evening last, a BLACK LEATHER BAG, containing,
among other things, law papers of no value but to the owner. Who¬
ever, having found the same, will restore it to W. T., 9, John-street,
Bedford-row, W.C., shall receive the above reward.
BROWN. MARE LEFT at Mr. Bawcombe's,
livery stable-keeper, Swan-yard, Upper Norwood.—If the owner
does not come forward to CLAIM the above Mare,
before Wed¬
nesday, the 11th October, 1865, she will be DISPOSED OF to de¬

FOUND, on Sept. 18th, in Paddington, a fine
BLACK RETRIEVER DOG. If not claimed in six days after
this date he will be sold to defray expenses. Address A. B., Williams'
library, Conduit-street, Westbourne-terrace, Hyde-park.
FOUND, a FIVE-POUND NOTE, in the city,
31st August. Owner can have
iving number, particulars,
and paying expenses. Apply to G. N. H., London and Westminster
Bank, neoet
hbury.
TO
ShE IIWEREIENDN
No ERA E R
A

SONO ON R S COMEIAOIAN
  y virt e e
t o   the r t ighet
Hon. L E A N
ton you are reques
to ATTEND at Guildhall,
To-morrow .
aea  te e 29th September inst.
toie ni g c h mas day
by half-past 11 o'clock in the forenoon, and from there to the
barish
church of St. Lawrence, 
ce ry, there to hear Divine Service and a
sern.
aoe ed er wards to re t e
lil fo r the Eelection of
a Lord Mayor for the e e t,
NEAE.
OIOE I ENEIE ED
OTEEE
S. B
adle.
LAMBETH SCHOOL of ART, Upper Kennington¬
lane, Vauxhall.—This SCHOOL will be RE-OPENED on Mon¬
day, 2d October, 1865. Morning classes at 11 a.m.; evening classes at
7 p en en.
courses of instre.
Boen rt. Students may quailfy
themselves for admission to the Scho d.
the Royal
scadem.
A  EN
LAND.— .
ale St.
 . Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank o
ng¬
land to direct the reeee,
tore e o or.
issioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt.
th e s u m of 10
hree

per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of MARY A
SI BERT, of Eastbourne, Suss.
eid ow and Me.
KLANN
HOLM e.
dy-hall, Norfolk, spinster, and which was transferred

said Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends

boe n e eaen ned unclaimed since the 5th Ju y 18.
Notice is

iven, that on the expiration of three months from this date, the
aea n Stock will be 
nsferred, and the Dividends thereo
id, to
Mary Ann Holmes, the
the vivor, who has claimed the same, unless
so
other claimant shall sooner an
catar and make out his claim
thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock
p.
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England

te e e e  th

te ed
the atio n e.
te e r the sum. of £100 Consolidated s pe

tue ites, hereto ore star
an  n 
 of MARY ANN GILB  ,
of Eastbourne, Sussex, widow, and HESTER SANCROFT HOLMES,
of Gandy-hall, Nor o , s ei.
ter, and which was transferred to the said
Commissioners in consequence of
cie e nds thereon having re¬
mained unclaimed since the 5th ou.
1 44 ; Notice is hereby given,
that on the expiratio n of thre n
ths from this date, the said Stock

nsferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to Hester
Sancroft Holmes, the survivor,
ma e an
mnless
ome other claim ant shal
oner appear and make out his clain

BANK of ENGEL E
ID.
Unclaim
Stock.—Appli¬
cation havi

overnors of the Bank of Eng¬
an nod e e e ire
the re-tr anester.
romthee Con.
sionners for the
edu
on of th e ratoon
Debt of the sum of £10 Consoli

iteies, heret.
ta restan
to e MA R E   N
eenses
thourne, Susser.

CATHERINE SAN¬
BROFT HOLMES, of Gandy-hall, Norfolk, spinster, and
hich was
transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends

ing remained unclaimed since the 5th of July, 1844; notice
is hereby givene e at o en the e

thet onths from thie
ate,
the said Stock will be
trenstered, andt
Dividennos there o e
a d t
He.

tmes, widow, Administratrix of Catherine Sar.

te e e e s
taen survivor, who has claimed the
same, unles
me other claimant shall so
er apear and make out
his
ailme thereto.
MPROVEMENT of the
O R T o OSD—S S d
es
ION of foreign ENGINEEE
 en


to a NOTICE e,


ss
August, 1865, 1st page, th  n,
tieiting n.
sals for the above¬
named purpose.
THE CATTLE PLAGUE.—To Farmers and others.
—Give, in the early stage of the disease, one-fourth of a pint of
fresh beer-yeast (in half a pint of beer) four times a day, for three
days, and make known the result to your neighbours. It cannot kill, it
may cure. —Experiment.
THE PRIVILEGED COMPANY for the SALE in
the United Kingdom of the TOBACCO and CIGARS of the
AIMPERIAL MANUFACTORIES of the FRENCH GOVERN¬
MENT desire to APPOINT an AGENT in every town. References in
London will be required. Address Mr. R. Smith, Manager, 109, Strand,
W.C.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY. —No. 289.—
Bognor, Sussex.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th
Victoria, chan
53.—
Wo tice is
th  ye eivenee te a at on the application of

COSENS COOTE of
ortington, in the county of Sussex,
gentleman, the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry intends, at
the
expiration of three calendar months from the date her
REGIS n,
an indefeasible
I O LE the HAREREEDE
8.
at Bognor, in the parish of South Bersted, in the county of Sussey
containing 39a. 0r, 37p., or thereabout, in the occupation, as to a small
part thereof, of Arthur Cox, the residue being in hand, bounded on the
north, as to part, by an intervening plot of Andrew Scott, as to other
part by land of Henry Upton, as to other part by land of Spencer
Smith, and as to the remaining part by land of Betty Meadows; on
the east, as to part by land of Richard Caplin and Mrs. James Tomsett,
as to other part abutting on Snag or Snale-lane, as to other part
bounded by a messuage and land of Thomas Wisden, as to other part
by land and hereditaments of Jesse Grant and Sarah Smith, and on
the remaining part by a messuage and garden of Emma Stoddart, on
the south as to part by the High-road leading from Bognor to
Chichester, as to other part by the Marine Promenade, the Cement
Mill, and the cottages lately used as a coastguard station, and as to the
remaining part by the intervening plot of the said Andrew Scott; and
on the west as to part by the intervening plot of the said Andrew
Scott, and as to the remainder by Nywood-lane and the road and waste
running therefrom to the sea and which hereditaments are de¬
lincated on the Map No. 239, deposited by the applicant in
the Office of Land Registry as part of the description of the same,
and therein edged with red, together with the mines and minerals
under the same hereditaments. If any person objects to, or
desires to show cause against, such registration, or claims that the
same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that
any particular estate or encumbrance, charge or liability, not already
proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the
Register with reference to such hereditaments, such person may be
heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any
time before the expiration of the said three calendar mouths from the
date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or
otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause against or to
make such claim in respect of such registration, But any person desiring
to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating
the particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in
the Office of Land Registry before the expiration of the said thre
calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise he will be excluded
from making the same. The said map of the said hereditaments de¬
posited in the Office of Land Registry may be inspected at the said
office at any time befere the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof. — Dated this 28th day of September, 1865.
O.
AMORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
i.
MARD and GEORGE HOLMES, Solicitors to the Applicant.
HOCOLAT
MENIER.—
IENIER's FRENCH
CHOCOLATE.—N

De t oe

.

the Merchandise Marks Act. 1862, 25 and 26 Vic.
cap, 8, against any person or persons fraudulently making use of the
tarade mark, or the signature, Menier, on
the e or cover, together
with colour of wrapper, form of cakes, &c., arrangement of label,
or otherwise, with the int e teied
oie eiveinign
public by causing¬




tie e e g enuine Chocolat
Menior. F. TRUEFITT, Solicitor, 4, Essex
ur, Temple,

ALD HUMMUMS HOTEL, Covent-garden, Lon¬
O
ae 5th September, 1865.—Notice
Customers.—
the pro¬
rietor begs to return sincere thanks for the kind sn.
oer et e or
so many years, and regrets to announce that the HOTEL will 
CLOSED on Monday, the 18th instant, in consequence
 t
expira¬
toin o the lease, of which e
toe e e e as
house is
about to e e.
ees
ting re e by
the Dukeof

ford for the extension of Covent-garde
a
articles of luggage
not removed from the hotel by the 23th instant will be deposited at a
warehouse, and if not claimed within 12 months will be sold to defray
expenses. It is requested that all outstanding accounts may be paid
to Messrs. Few and Co., solicitors, 2, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden,
W. C., to whose care all communications may be addressed.
FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.—JNO. WARD
invalid chair manufacturer, &c., begs to inform the nobility and
gentry that his business is carried on at No. 12, Leicester-place, until
the Saville-house premises are rebuilt.
NOTICE. —Crystal Palace.—REMOVAL of
NOSOTTI's DECORATIONS from the Industrial Court (the
space being required for a new entr re
he Committee having allotted

to Mr. Nosottil). Now facing the Nave, near the
Grand Orchestra
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—30 per Cent. Reduction
in Price.—Messrs. CLARK and Co., sole patentees of self-coll¬
ing Revolving Shutters, beg to announce that they have completed
their extensive works at Rathbone-place, Oxford-street, where all
communications must now be addresse
JULLIEN's.—NOTICE of REMOVAL.—A.
HAMMOND and Co. (late Jullien's) music publishers, &c., beg
respectfully to announce, that on and after Friday next their business
will be carried on at 5, Vigo-street, four doors from Regent-street,
instead of 214, Regent-street, as heretofore.
REMOVAL.—S. ARTHUR CHAPPELL begs to
announce that his military musical instrument business will in
future be carried on at 45, New Bond-street, instead of at 214, Regent¬

WANTOPIED.—A NEW NAME for a NEW
MINVENTION.
MONOGRAMS, Crests, &c., at FISHER's dressing¬
bag and portmantean manufactory, 185, Strand.
NONOGRAMS, &c.—STEEL DIES, for stamping
paper and envelopes, GUT at half price, and remain the pro¬
berty of the customer. Monograms tastefully arranged, and sketches
forwarded. No charge for plain stamping. Stamping in any colour
reduced to 1s. per 100. The public supplied with stationery at whole¬
sale prices.—PAR.
INS and GOTTO, 24, 25.
,and 28, Oxford-st., W.
MONOGRAMS, Mage,
al and Modern, comprising
upwards of 500 examples, alphabetically arrangeds designed
ae e eie
engraved on copper, by HENR.
LILLIE. Especially
adapt.
for th e u s e of amateur illuminator,
goldsmiths, silversmiths,
jewellers, dressing-case makers, engravers, enamellers, die-sinkers,
chasers, carvers. 

olderers, herald
tinters, medisaval
metal workers, &c. Complete, cloth,
gant, 21s., on application to
Day and Son (Limited), 6, Gate-street, London, W. C.
