RECEIVED £3, collected at G., by a Clergyman, for
Bethnal-green Dispensary. Special THANKS. Address Rev.
E. Coke, St. James's Paysonage, Bethnal-green. Da dextran, miseris.
SEA-SIDE CONVALESCENT HOSPITAL.—The
Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of
£47 3s. 1d., being one-half of the collections at Quebec Chapel on Jan.
31st, after sermons preached by the Rev. F. J. Holland and the Rev.
Hamlet Clark. Subscriptions and donations towards the Extension
Fund are urgently required, and will be thankfully received at the
office, 10, Duke-treet, St. James's. — March 22, 1864.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
24th inst., in Kensington-gardens, a small TERRIER, black and
tan, with white feet and chest, ears uncut. Had on a red collar, with
bell. Any one bringing him to 1, Elvaston-place, Glocester-road,
Queen's-gate, shall receive the above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST, on Tuesday
evening, the 22d inst. (supposed to have been dropped from a cab,
in Devonshire-street, Portand-place), a PAPER PARCEL, containing
some wool work. The above reward will be paid to any one bringing
the parcel to 8, Devonshire-street, Portland-place.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—To Station Masters
and others.—LOST, a BOX, about 26 inches long and 20 inches
broad, containing plate, engraved with a spread eagle crest. It was
labelled either Rugby or Stretton, and put into the train leaving
Euston-square at 2.45 p.m. on the 6th of April, 1863. Information re¬
quested to Colonel F., 39, Princes-gate, W
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at the Chertsey
Steeplec.
on Wednesday, the 23d inst., a PLAIN GOLD
HUNTING WATCH. Crest, Bird on Top of Tree; initials, W. R.,
in Old English. Maker's name, Wood, Staines, with Albert chain,
swivel seal; crest, a Head. Key with W. R. Any person taking the
same to Mr. George Baker, 3, Bruton-street, Berkeley-square, London,
shall receive the above reward.
LLEGED WHOLESALE SWINDLING.—Re
BRISTOW and others, of Duke-street, London-bridge.—South¬
wark Police-court, £400 bail; remanded to Thursday next, 31st inst.—
The victims in the above case are requested to meet at the Three Tuns
Inn, Borough, on Tuesday evening next, at half-past 6 o'clock, to con¬
sider the best means of prosecuting the cause with effect.
CAUTION.—The Council of the ROYAL ASYLUM
ofST. ANN's SOCIETY having been informed that a person is
representing himself as the collector, and receiving subscriptions, they
beg to intimate that Mr. George Bleaden is the only authorized col¬
lector, and the printed receipts of the Institution are aloue valid.
By order, E. F. LEEKS, Secretary.
Offices, 36, Moorgate-street, E.C.
BOURDON's GAUGES.—Messrs. DEWRANCE
and Co. hereby give notice, that Mr. BOURDON's PATENT
for PRESSURE and VACUUM GAUGES having EXPIRED, they
will cease to sell his manufacture, and that henceforth they will vend
instruments of their own construction with their patented improve¬
ments at greatly reduced prices, and will also guarantee the accurate
working of every gauge manufactured by them for two years from date
of sale. — Phoenix Foundry, 176, Great Dover-street, Borough.
ALL RIGHT SCARF.—CAUTION.—Infringe¬
ment of Patent.—Hosiers, drapers, &c., are hereby cautioned
against selling any infringement of a patent searf, known as the All
Right. All genuine have a label bearing the date or number of the
patent, viz, 16th January, 1864, No. 70.
ANILINE DYES.—Best colour-producing Mixture
of Aniline and Toluodine.—NITRO BENZOLE, Benzole
Arsenic, Carbolic, Phenic, and Picric Acids, Methylated Spirit, Wood
and Coal Naphtha, and all the Chrmicals necessary for producing
magenta, violet, purple, ruby, blue, green, brown, and yellow dyes,
manufactured and sold by READ HOLLIDAY, chymical works,
Huddersfield, and 128, Holborn.
an e n n
ANILINE DYES.—
iran.
t Patent.—
yers and

s are hereby CAUTIONED against the statements con¬
dae ded
in the advertissements of Levinste
and
and Thomas Holliday,
wherein they affirm that the abo




tehe the dye made according theret


SON, as the sole licensees of

hereby give noen
th att its validity remains unaffected, and

will still be
aoe l pniei isons respeoe
bo e e e nn,
ge it. Mr. Levinstein
is held to account for the profits of all dy
nader y him under t
said patent until the trial of the cause, and Mr. Holliday is restrained
by an injuee io

totn C hancery fro

nade bye
process, and he is now beforet
Court on a motion

con
thi  .
ssases
te in
on.
HENRY and FREDK. CHESTER, Newington-butts,
Soio icio e

Proprie

Messrs. Sin.
tnn Maule, and Nicholson


March 18, 1864.
CAUTION.—The celebrated Lord BURY TELE¬
SCOPE can only be had of J. H. STEWARD, sole manufacturer,
and his agents. Price, complete, £3 10s. This fine instrument has been
known to distinguish easily the name on a light vessel at eight miles,
and for rifle-shooting, touring, deer-stalking, yachting, reconnoitring,
&c., is the finest instrument that can be obtained. Catalogues, with
testimonials, &c., post free. Address 406, Strand.
No n a o le apy


tee e ssociation and Long-range Club.
CAUTIO.
BOP UE.
DON's PRESSUREGAUGES.
—Mr. E. BOURDON, 74, Faub or du 12.

ple, Paris , e
annonunen.
tah tat his engagement with Messrs. Dewrance and Co
the sale o f h i eat

expired, he has APPOINTED
N

SETTI and ZAMBRA, the well-known ins
makers, of Hatton-garden, London, as his WHOLESALE AGENTS,
fro
whom prices (greatly reduced) and terms may be o

Mr. Bourdon directs the attention of engineers to the fact that the
gauges now sold by Messrs."

tae e s a s Bon.
don's patent gauges" ar
ot of his mat
fiact u re n de e is in
no way connected
withany makers in England, his gauges having
always been, and still continue to be, made at his factory in Paris.
CAUTION.—Chlorodyne.—In Chancery.—It was
clearly proved before ViceC.
te eellor Sir. W.P
ees
to i e e n en t h osptita pe i a
ndon, that Dr. J. Collis
Browne was the discoverer of ch o.
dyne; that they prescribe it
largely, and mean no other than Dr. Browne's.—e.
T   es.
an 12,


ae ae o

using any


BROWNE's CHLOR
N  ich is extensively
use e in hospei s a e ae
aand abroad, and is affirm e

tim oiars ac  e enn

the  enost eificad
us medi¬

er discovered for consumption, coughs, colds, asthma, broy
theits s.
ae o e e eumatist
&c. No home should be without it. Sold

2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. Sent free, on re
pt
stamps, by J.


33, Great Russell-Street, London, W. C.,


bserve particularly, none genuine with
tthe words "Dr.
J. Collis Browne's Chale
oiyne" on the Governn.
stamp.
FIN
BE.
 SAUCE WAREHOUSE, 6, Duk.
street. Reading.—In consequence of the lamented
Bah 
CHARLES COC.

surviving son of the orginal inventor of
the celebrated 
DING S SA UEN C.

s customers
an¬
the public that this long established busi
s will continue to be
carried on in all its branches at
th ove addres, by u s .


benefit of his widow and surviving
ann
under the
name of C. Cocks.
guard customers an
he public generally
aheneng inst the purchase of spurious imitation o
ko so o rininal Reading

toe th e er et op ret i t et
te imate the
we have no con

tah ther person, either of the
same or any
ti e e en ne an aia
ures are the only
genuine ones made fro e oer,
mal recipes of the inventor.
ELIZABETH COCKS
E.
to o  o e the
TOHOOMASRMTRO RED
Mr.
KINS Charles Cocks.
WOILIANAEN EAOPEIE
SS0.
PARTE
ST .
ERSHIP.—Notice is
hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP heretofore subsisting
between Messrs. CAMILLE SILVY and AGUSTE RENOULT was,
on the 15th of the present month, DISSOLVED by mutual consent;
and that all debts due to, or owing by, the said partnership will be
received, or paid, by Mr. Camille Silvy, who will alone henceforth con¬
duct his photographic establishment.—38, Porchester-terrace, Bays¬
water, W.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Messrs. ALEX and
JONES have REMOVED their PRACTICE to 53, Brook-street,
Grosvenor-square, in consequence of their premises, 31, New Bridge¬
street, being required by the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway.
TO FELLOWSHIP PORTERS.—All FELLOW¬
SHIP PORTERS are requested to call at the King's Head, Great
Tower-street, city, any day from the 28th March to the 7th April, be¬
tween the hours of 6 a.m. and 5 p.m., to ENROL their NAMES, for
the purpose of forming a general pension fund for their aged and in¬
firm members.
MESSRS. ROSE, GRAHAM, and WILSON,
brokers, London, beg to intimate to those merchants and
brokers who are interested in the petroleum trade that they have con¬
vened a PUBLIC MEETING, to be held at the Baltic Sale Room,
To-morrow, the 29th instant, at 12 o'clock, when the resolutions and
proceedings of the Petroleum Committee will be submitted for ap¬
proval.
MOUNT CENIS-ROAD, from Susa to St. Michel,
and vice versa.—A rumour has gone abroad, and it has been
repeated both by the English and French press, that the road of the
Mount Cenis is dangerous to cross in the winter time. This assertion
is totally crrone
for, although a large fall of snow occurred in the
mouth of February, " the service" was always carried out, and without
accident. The system of the diligences and private carriages, by
which travellers are conveyed across that mountain s under the in¬
spection of the local Government engineers, and every precaution is
taken both for the safety of the passengers and their speedy arrival at
St. Michel. By the Mount Cenis-road two days' travelling is spared,
no matter whethe
one takes the steamer at Genoa for Nice or follows

ao o  Genoat

a.
P SESE
H and JOHHN
ICKERS and Co.'s NEW
DISTILLERY, Victorla-street, Westminster.—Messrs. Joseph
e aoe
Vickers and Co. beg to inform their friends that they have
wi

the Borough-market Distillery. The
xcavations for the cellars of the new dist
cry are rapidly progressin

and the e
ing complete) the building will
 be proceeded
with immediately. Messrs. Vie.
sat continue to occupy the tempora y,
offices, at the Bridge-house
tel, London-bridge, r.

wa

ae a i ine cellars at 
ahnnenn n in,
Thames-street,
city, E.C.
here attendance is daily given, and the business carried on
as usual, until the new distillery

MR. BEGG, of
eoyal Loch
gar Distiler,
is at
.
present in town  d dere.

s, 305, 0

street, W.
MIND and BRAIN.—Parents should not neglect
having a
oe ieal estimate made of their children's mental
organisation. Such information may be turned to important accou—
in their education and ultimate destination. Dr. DONOVAN may be
CONSULTED at 111, Strand.
PRIVATE INQUIRY-OFFICE, established 1852,
taheo
CH.
RLES FREDERICK FIELD (late
Chief of the Metropolitan Detective Police). Inquiries made for noble¬
men, gentlemen, solicitors, railway and insurance companies, divorce
cases, &c.—20, Devereux-court, Temp
OPERA.—Season 1864.—LACON and OLLIER (of
Ebers's), 168, New Bond-street, have to OFFER, on moderate
terms, some of the best BOXES, Stalls, and Amphitheatre-stalls for
the ensuing Italian Opera season, either for the whole subscription, any
part of the season, or by the night.—Next door to the Clarendon.
OPERA, Race, and Tourists' GLASSES in alu¬
minium, one-third the weight of brass, of high power and perfect
definition. Tourists' and deer-stalking telescopes of the same mate¬
rial, and of the very best make.—SMITH, BECK, and BECK, No. 31,
Cornhill, E.C. (late 6, Coleman-street).
OPERA GLASSES.—NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA
warrant their GLASSES as the best that can be manu¬
factured. Prices 21s, and 42s. complete in case; largest made
six guineas; in Aluminium, one-third the weight of ordinary glasses,
six to 10 guineas. Descriptive catalogue by post.—1, Hatton-garden;
No. 59, Co rn
ill; 122, Regent-street.
and 153, Fleet-street.
OPERA, Race, and Tourists' GLASSES, in great
C
varietyACHROMATIC SPECTACLE LENSES, registered 24th
Dec., 1863, N . er et.
nhcases of defective vision. The great
and bene.
advanta.
derived from the use of these lenses need no
comment (vide Sir David Brewster



Herschel, page 22). —S. and B.
LOMONS, opticians to
 Govern¬
ment, 39, Alben.
teste eicla ed eil
OPERA and RACE GLASSES, Field and Yacht
Glasses, in every variety of size, form, and mounting, matchless

te e e e e es deint
 rices.
from 90s., each.—At CALLAGHAN's, 23a, New Bond-street, W., corner
of Conduit-street. Sole agent for the celebrated race and field glasses
made by Voigtliinder, Vienna. Field glasses made expressly for India,
warranted to withstand the greatest tropical heat. The new aluminium¬
mounted glasses (as recently made for H.R.H. the Prince of Wales),
though of the largest size, weigh but a few ounces. N.B. Snowie's list
(the first for the present season) may be seen here.
NEW OPERA and FIELD GLASS, and the
Reconnoitrer Glass, posted free for 10s. 10d.

weighs Soz, and
shows distinctly the windows and doors of hous
10 miles off, Jupiter's
Moons. &c. As als.
scape glass it is e el
efor 2 mile


cie e e market use it alone. "The recon
noitrer is very good."—Marquis
toe r e

ever before met
an article that so completely answered the
recommendation of its


F.  .
Esq. "An indispensable com,
panion to a
caesuret

soo
as it is cheap.ote.

Queries. "The ceonoe o e,
tis  not procured at the cost of
efficiency. We ha
found it equal to many which had cost more
oe ienes its price."— Field.

The Hythe Glass ghows bullet
marks a t 1, e ed
aht three miles, 31s. 6d. On e e
had
ALL



98, Princes-street, Edinburgh ono a e.
6s.
CAUTT
1.
MARRIS's SPECTACLES.
THO
D S

BIA S S ON.
AOUNAOS.
epublic against pe
as using their

heir business, established 1780, is solely condue.
4d 52,  re a.
Rusell-steret on.
toe e r e Muen n


had their celeb r e e se etac e s, o,
ide es oe travelers.

TT
G1E
FE. ROSSE

ELESCOPON E
Dr. J.
Hopkinson Boot, ha

oe o s se.
ery
satisfactory statement of hiso
te ith reference to the powers of the
£5 telescope.

ordship considers well adapted to the purpoes.
Dr. B. is indue e e.
est Mesrs. 80.

ares to forward one of their instray,
te e ir
llest convenience.
—Seaford, Lincolnshire.
eb. 2, 1864." S. and B. Solomens, sole
mabers and inventors e
lescope, 39, Albemarle-st., Piccadilly.
