CAPTAIN O'B.—Yes. I agree to all your condi¬
tions if you will perform your part.
DEAR, dear R.—You cannot know the agony we have
been suffering ever since Friday, September 20 (2.36), or you
would not be so cruel as to have kept silence, even on your birthday.
All will be well (for nothing is known, if you will only WRITE with¬
out further delay, and we must find you, if we spend all we have in the
search. You would not bring all those you love best to poverty.
TRADESMAN.—If the WRITER of the
ANONYMOUS LETTER, signed as above and directed to
Messrs. Maple, of Tottenham-court-road, will CALL or WRITE to
them or to Messrs. Robson and Tidy, 27, Sackville-street, Piccadilly,
further on the subject he will very much oblige, and a liberal bonus
will be paid for the information.
GRIFFIN or GRIFFITHS ESTATE, in Wales.—
If the parties who advertised for the HEIRS of these ESTATES,
or any person who can afford any clue thereto, will apply to Messrs.
Dougal and Co., 58, Cheapside, they may be greatly benefitted.
PARTRIDGE (GEORGE), eldest son of the late Mr.
John Partridge, butcher and cattle salesman, Billesdon, in the
county of Leicester. If he will SEND his ADDRESS to B. P., the
same hotel, Boulogne, where he (George) was staying in 1858, he will hear
of something to his advantage.
NEXT of KIN.—If the GENTLEMAN who AD¬
VERTISED in one of the London papers, about April or May
ast, for the NEXT of KIN of the name of GIBBARD, will COM¬
MUNICATE with C. R., 3, Fairford-grove, Lower Kennington-lane, S.,
he can be supplied with the necessary information.
LBSCONDED.— Whereas on the 10th day of Sept¬
tember, 1867, a warrant was issued by Mr. Alderman Lusk, M.P.,
at the Guildhall Police Court, in the city of London, charging William
John Barrett, of 8, Bell-yard, Doctors'-commous, of 2, Kensington-¬
gate, and Albany-villas, Brighton, solicitor, with having misappro¬
priated moneys and securities of the value of £5,000, the property of
Miss Teversham, of
Ladbroke-villas, Notting-hill, and whereas the
said WILLIAM JOHN BARRETT has absconded. All persons are
hereby requested to give INFORMATION of the whereabouts of the
said Barrett to the undersigned. Description of the said William
John Barrett: married, 47 years of age, 5 feet 6 high, sandy hair and
whiskers, gray eyes, jaw underhung, dresses fashionably. Information
to be given to Inspector Hamilton, Detective, Department, Old Jewry,
city; or to Messrs. Lewis and Lewis, of 10, Ely-place, Holborn, solici¬
tors to the prosecutrig.
JOHN BICKERTON CASH, late of 66, Castle-street,
e.
Southwark.—The RELATIVES of this gentleman are requested
to COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Lewis and Lewis, of 10, Ely-place,
Holborn.
TO HOTELKEEPERS, &c.—FIVE POUNDS
REWARD.—MISSING, since 20th September, from Birmingham,
a YOUNG GENTLEMAN, age 16 (looks older), fair complexion,
light brown hair, gray eyes, stoutly built, 5 feet 6 inches in height,
light brown coat, gray trousers and waistcoat, round-crowned, black¬
felt, wide awake hat. INFORMATION to C. Nicholls, 34, Arundel¬
street, Strand (private inquiry office, removed from 20, Devereux¬
court).
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—MISSING, since 12
noon, 1st inst., a YOUNG LADY, age 15, height 5ft. 4, com¬
plexion and eyes dark, hair dark brown; black alpaca dress, black and
white stripe flannel Garibaldi, black cloth jacket, white straw hat,
trimmed violet velvet, with feather. Supposed in company with a man
age 20, middle height, fair, no beard or whiskers. The above reward
will be paid for information of the said young lady on application to
F. M., 26, Great St. Helen's; and if this should meet the eye of the
young lady she is earnestly entreated to return home to her distressed
parents who will receive her affectionately.
THREE POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on Friday
evening, from 102, Sloane-Street, a SMALL ROUGH SKYE
TERRIER, white and black; had on a plaited curb collar. Answers
to the name of "Scamp." Any person bringing it to the above ad¬
dress shall receive the reward.
TWENTY-FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST,
on Wednesday, October 2, between Cannon-Street and Cornhill, a
BUNDLE of BANK NOTES, of the value of £225. Whoever will
bring them to W. H. Baillie, Esq., Messrs. Fenwick and Co.'s, Abchurcl¬¬
chambers, city, shall receive the above reward. The notes have all

ONE POUND REWARD.—LEFT, in a Hansom
CAB, which put down two gentlemen at the Princess's Theatre,
on Monday evening, a large PAIR of BLACK OPERA GLASSES.
The above reward will be paid on their being delivered to the hall
porter, Argus Club, 49, St. James's-street.
FOUND, a BANK-NOTE, in Paris, on Friday
last. Apply 41, King William-street, London-bridge (first-floor).
FOUND, in the Metropolitan Railway, on the 30th
of September, a PURSE, containing money. Apply, between 11
and 3, to Mr. Arthur Lamb, 7, New-square, Lincoln's-inn.
FOUND, early in the morning of Sunday, the 29th
ult., in the Clapham-road, a PURSE, containing a Bank of
England note, with silver and copper. The owner can have the same
by describing the number and value of the note, and paying the ex¬
pense of this advertisement. Apply (personally) to A. C., Mr.
Symonds', chymist, Lansdowne-road, South Lambeth, S.
SKINS.—A CASK, contaiing foreign skins, left
with Crocker, Guppy, and Co., if not owned within 14 days will
be SOLD to defray expenses. Apply to J. Crocker, 3, Great St.
Thomas Apostle.—Oct. 1. 1867.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c.—A
REGISTER, containing the names of all persons who have been
advertised for to claim property since 1749. 2s. ; post free 25 stamps.—
DOUGAL and Co., 58, Cheapside, E.C.
NEXT of KIN (new edition, never before published).
—A classified and descriptive INDEX (of 15,000 names, gua¬
ranteed) to advertisements for next of kin, Chancery heirs, &c., from
1760 to 1866, sent free by post for 30 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER,
No. 17, Southampton-buildings, Chancer-lane, London, W.C.
THE REPRESENTATION of the PEOPLE ACT,
1867. — Boundary Commission.—Notice is hereby given, that Joseph
Kaye, Esquire, Barrister-at-Law, and Captain H. S. Palmer, Royal En¬
gineers, two of the Assistant-Commissioners appointed by the
Boundary Commissioners for England and Wales under the provi¬
sions of the Representation of the People Act. 1867, will attend at the
Board Room, District Board of Works, Church-Street, Greenwich, on
Thursday, the 10th day of October, 1867, at 11 o'clock, for the pur¬
ose of inquiring into the BOUNDARIES of the BOROUGH of
GREENWICH, with a view to ascertain whether the boundaries
should be enlarged, so as to include within the limits of the borough
all premises which ought, due regard being had to situation and
other local circumstances, to be included therein, for the purpose of
conferring upon the occupiers thereof the Parliamentary franchise for
such borough.
The Assistant-Commissioners will be prepared to recerve, at the time
and place abovementioned, the statements of any persons who may be
desirous of giving information as to the boundaries or other local cir¬
cumstances of the borough.
C. W. FREMANTLE, Secretary to the Commissioners.
No. 6, Old Palace-yard Westminster, S.W., Sept. 26, 1867.
THE REPRESENTATION of the PEOPLE ACT,
1867.—Boundary Commission.—Notice is hereby given, that
Major-General Bainbrigge, R.E., and Nassau J. Senior, Esquire, Bar¬
rister-at-Law, two of the Assistant-Commissioners appointed by the
Boundary Commissioners for England and Wales under the provi¬
sions of the Representation of the People Act, 1867, will attend at
the Court-house, Wellclose-square, on Saturday, the 5th day of Cctober,
1867, at 11 o'clock, for the purpose of holding their adjourned inquiry
into the BOUNDARIES of the BOROUGH of the TOWER HAM¬
LETS with the view to ascertain whether the boundaries should be en¬
larged so as to include within the limits of the borough all premises
which ought, due regard being had to situation and other local cir¬
cumstances, to be included therein for the purpose of conferring upon
the occupiers thereof the Parliamentary franchise for such borough.
The Assistant-Commissioners will be prepared to receive, at the time
and place abovementioned, the statements of any persons who may be
desirous of giving information as to the boundaries or other local cir¬
cumstances of the borough.
C. W. FREMANTLE, Secretary to the Commissioners.
No. 6, Old Palace-yard, Westminster, S. W., Oct. 1, 1867.
ST. DUNSTAN's-IN-THE-WEST, London.—At a
GENERAL MEETING of the Inhabitant Householders of this
parish on Wednesday, the 2d instant, in compliance with a requisi¬
tion most respectably signed:—"For the purpose of protesting
against the proposed amalgamation of the parish of Clerkenwell with
the West London Union. Your requisitionists viewing with natural
alarm the obvious addition to the rates which must necessarily follow
the annexation."
It was resolved, That the ratepayers of this parish, in public meeting
assembled, strongly protest against the proposed amalgamation of the
parish of Clerkenwell with the West London Union, and are deter¬
mined to oppose the carrying out of such a measure by every possible
effort. That the poors'-rates levied upon this parish during the last
few years, in consequence of the building of a new Union-house and
offices, and the aperation of the "Assessment" and "Union Charge¬
ability" Acts, have more than doubled those of formerfyears, and have
now reached the utmost limit that can be borne, and that the annexa¬
tion of Clerkenwell, under these circumstances, would be grossly un¬
just, and most obnoxious to the inhabitants of this parisb.
Resolved, That the proposed annexation of the parish of Clerken¬
well to the West London Union would prove detrimental to the rate¬
payers of that Union; is a direct infringement upon the rightful privi¬
leges of the citizens of London; would be injurious to the principles or
local self-government, and is at once dangerous and unjust.
Resolved, That it he referred to the Churchwardens to arrange for a
deputation to wait upon the Poor Law Board to present the before¬
mentioned resolutions, and to urge upon them the undesirableness of
the course they suggested, and the great expenses that would be im¬
posed upon the parish of St. Dunstan, and eventually upon the city
generally.
Resolved, That these resolutions be advertised in The Times and the
City Press newspapers.
Resolved. That the thanks of this Meeting are due, and hereby pre¬
sented, to Mr. George Attenborough, the Senior Churchwarden, for his
promptitude in calling this Meeting, and the ability with which he has
presided upon this occasion.
(Signed)
SAMUEL TISLEY,
estry Clerk.
ROYAL POLYTECHNIC.—Evening Classes.—The
MICHAELMAS TERM will COMMENCE on Monday Oct. 7th.
C. MACKENZIE, Hon. Director.
THE WESTERN COLLEGE, Brighton.
Principal—Dr. WILLIAM PORTER KNIGHTLEY, F.C.P.
Vice-Principal—Rev. ALLAN D. FREEMAN
The sons of gentlemen are prepared for the public schools, the uni¬
versities, the civil service and military examinations, and for profes¬
sional and commercial life.
Prospectus of terms forwarded on application.
WOOLWICH-COMMON MILITARY SCHOOL,
S.E.—HALF-TERM COMMENCES 15th Octe

spectuses, &c., address as above. Principal—C. R. RIPPIN, M.A.,
St. John's Coll., Cambridge.

HANOVER CLUB, Hanover-square, W.—Those
members who are desirous of the RE-CONSTITUTION of the
above, under the proprietorship of Mr. Sidney Spencer, late Manager,
are requested to signify the same at once, together with amount of sub¬
scription paid, and due, for 1867-68, to enable him to lay the proposi¬
tion before the acting Committee.—42. Davies-street, Berkeley-sq., W.
WANTED, for a club, situate in the midland
counties, a thoroughly trustworthy person, as HOUSE
STEWARD. Salary £75, with board. References may be made to
the Hon. Sec., Notts Club, Nottingham.
CAUTION. — Self-fitting Candles. — We,
th undersigned, do hereby give notice that we have, by letters
patent, secured to ourselves the exclusive right of making candles with
tapering ends, commonly called SELF-FITTING CANDLES, now to
be obtained of every chymist, grocer, or chandler, in all sizes, and of
various qualities. The public are cautioned against imitations, and
persons infringing such patents, or being parties privy thereto, are
hereby informed that they render themselves liable to proceedings.
J. C. and J. FIELD, Upper-marsh, Lambeth, London
CAUTION.—PATENT SAFETY CANDLES.—
Notice is hereby given, that the undersigned have secured by
Royal Letters Patent the exclusive right of manufacturing candles
with the patent safety ends, whereby the candies adjust themselves
firmly into the candlesticks without the risk of falling out. The public
are warned against imitations, and any persons infringing the patent
will be immediately proceeded against.
CHAS. OGLEBY and Co., Patentees of the Safety Candles,
near the Palace, Lambeth, London.
THREE PIGEONS.
NOTICE.—Holborn Valley Improvements.—Messrs.
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA, Opticians and Meteorological In¬
strument Makers, beg to state that they have REMOVED from No.1, to
temporary premises) No. 103, Hatton-garden, E.C.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE OFFICE.—THOMAS
BALCHIN, 21 years city detective officer, is prepared to under¬
take private, confidential, and important INQUIRIES with secrecy
and despatch. Terms reasonable.—55, London-wall.
SHOOTING (good) WANTED, by a gentleman,
over 1,000 acres, within an easy distance of a railway station. Ad¬
dress Z. Z., Messrs. Dawson and Son's, 121, Cannon-street, E.C.
RABBIT and other SHOOTING to be LET, near
London, by the day or week, over 200 acres. There are thousands
of rabbits. Stamp, and address Shooting, Lawless library, Philpot¬
lane, city.
COX and SON's CATALOGUE of MONUMENTS,
tombrails, headstones, memorial brasses, mural tablets, &c.,
designed by eminent architects, with prices, sent for six stamps.—Cox
and Son, ecclesiastical warehouse and show rooms, 28 and 29, South¬
ampton-street, Strand; manufactory, Belvidere-road, Lambeth.
MONUMENTAL.—IMPERISHABLE INSCRIP¬
TIONS on MARBLE in SOLID LEAD, introduced from Rome
by Mr. E.J. PHYSICK, sculptor, with unfailing success. Designe
jeach marked at the lowest terms) for monuments, tombs, tablets, &c.,
forwarded on application, stating particulars, &c., to Mr. E. J. Physick.
The Monumental Works, 136, Marlebone-road, adjoining Baker-st., W.
LONUMENTS, Tombs, and Tablets, in Marble,
Granite, or Stone.—Desigus and estimates for the above, for¬

by W. H. BURKE and Co., Statuaries by appointment to
H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, the British and Foreign Marble Galleries,
Warwick-house, 142 and 144 Regent-street; 29, 20, and 31 Warwick¬
street. Manufactories—Carrarg, Brussels, Peterhead, and 17, New¬
man-street, London. Indelible inscriptions
