TO VERITAS.—S. A. will be glad to hear from him.
SHOOT RIGHT AT HIM. The game is yours
mne—at present he is powerless. Je vous aime
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand.—
The Governors thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEPT of
£50 from J. F., Esq. Further contributions are earnestly solicited, in
consequence of the increasing demands made upon the Charity.

LOST or STRAYED, a large DARK NEWFOUND¬
LAND DOG, white paws and breast. Whoever will bring him
to Mr. Roberts, grocer, New cross, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on the 8th inst., a large BLACK NEW¬
FOUNDLAND DOG. If brought to 2, De Beauy
Culford-road north, De Beauvoir-town, N. A handsome REWARD
will be given.
LOST, on Wednesday, the 9th inst., between 12 and
5, TWO LOCKETS, on a gold clasp ring—one a mourning locket,
or a gold heart-shaped locket, both containing hair. ONE
POUND REWARD will be paid if restored to the hall porter, Army
and Navy Club, Pall-mall
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, Monday even¬
7th inst.
aGreat Portland-street, a FAWN-COLOURED
SKYE TERRIER DOG, brown nose. Apply at 39, Great Titchfield¬
street, W.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday,
March 8, somewhere between the General Post-office and Re¬
gent-street, a GENTLEMAN's SCARF-PIN, set transparent with a
square yellow stone. Whoever will bring the same to 149, Aldersgate¬
street, shall receive the above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST, on Monday
last, March 7, a BLACK RETRIEVER DOG, with curly hair,
and a few white hairs on the breast, a steel chain or collar round the
throat; answers to the name of "Blondin." Whoever will bring the
same to Mr. Banks, Loughborough Tavern, Loughborough-road, Brix¬
ton-road, shall receive the above reward. No further reward will be
offered.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the even¬
ing of the e St.
ust between Vauxhall-briage and Lupus-street,

dlico,  LADY's PURSE, containing the fol
ting Bank of England

oles
which has been stopped—L with S und.
Nos.
27570, 27598, 27590, dated Leicester, 15th February, 1861, of £10 each,

everal pape

and letters ad¬
dressed to Mrs. Edgerton, 68, Tachbrook-stre.
Pimlico, S.W. An,
aoeoe re t 
th e e p e r se to this addr.
se shall be rewarded as above.
FRAUD.—Caution.—The SUBSCRIBERS to the
LONDON ORPHAN ASYLUM, Clapton, are WARNED
against the frands of a person representing himself as the collector to
the Institution, and seeking payment of the aunual subscription. He
presents an ordinary printed receipt, signed "L. Boyes." The sub¬
scribers are enjoined only to pay to the authorized collector, on the
production of the usual official receipt: and to aid in the detection of
the offender.	JAMES ROGERS, Secretary.
EDWARD B. BOOR, Assistant Secretary and
Office, 1, St. Helen's-place, Bishopsgate¬

street, March 8, 1864.
THE ASYLUM for FATHERLESS CHILDREN,
Reedham, near Croydon.—FRAUD.—The Subscribers to this
Charity are CAUTIONED against the frauds of a man representing
himself as collector to a kindred Institution,
ol iciotinig p tt of

the friends of this Asylum are requested
not to pay any one but Mr. W. H. Upton, the authorized collector, who
will give the usual official receipt.
The next Election will take place on the third Monday in June.
Candidates can obtain forms of petition at the office, any day between
the hours of 10 and 4. Petitions should be sent in two months before

GEO. STANCLIFF, Secretary.
Office, 10, Poultry, E.C., 9th March, 1864.
ROYAL HOSPITAL for INCURABLES.—
Caution.—The Governors and friends of this Charity are hereby
respectfully cautioned NOT to PAY SUBSCRIPTIONS to any person
but the authorized collector, Mr. James Best, who will give an official
receipt. It is also requested that when money is solicited on behalf of
cases by unknown persons reference be made to the Secretary, who will
gladly give information as to the real nature of the application.
This advice is tendered, as a man, formerly convicted of a similar
offence, is attempting to collect subscriptions for other Charities, pre¬
senting a signed printed receipt; also an individual using the name of
Page has recently defrauded several benevolent persons by assuming
to collect a sum of money to secure the retention of a patient in this
Institution, his statement being wholly false.
Information respecting the Charity will be ch
nand sub¬
scriptions thankfully received by FREDERIC ANDREW, Sec.
Office, 10, Poultry, E.C., March 9, 1864.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaime.
Dividends.—
App
tatation having been made to the Gover
s of the Bank of




£29 Cor.
solidated Long Annuities, heretofore standing in

FRANCES CAMPBEL
ALLEY, of Howland¬
St oan.
AS,
widow, and which dividends were e
over to the Commissioners for
the Reduction of th nea to na ne
in consequence of the first thereof
aving remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 186
es

to o onon of thre
onths from this date,

Dividends will be paid to the said Frances Ca
bell Alley.



a et aant shall soone
p¬

ae e is claim there
BANK
—
OERES EAED
nelaied
Stock.—Ap
plie
aion n aving been made
the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the Re-transfer from the
ommissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £102 8s. 8d., Conso¬
lidated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
JAMES PETTIT SNELL, of Friday-street, warehouseman: JAMES
JOSIAH MILLARD, of Cordwainer's-hall, gentleman: THOMAS
BAYLEY, of Friday-street, packer; and JAMES CUTHBERT, of
Cannon-street west, victualler; and which was transferred to the said
Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having re¬
mained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1854;—Notice is hereby
given, that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said
Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to James
Josiah Millard and Thomas Bayley, the survivors, who have claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make

FIN H e E
JESTYSERCRE o
PROBATE (the
PRINCIPAL REGISTRY).—To NATHANL
JONES,

e


there.—Take notice, that a CITATION has issued under Seal of Her
Majesty's Court of Probate, dated the tt ae
March, 1864, whereby

aniel Jones, are cited to appear within 30 days after
service thereof, and
cept or refuse letters of administration, with the
we c l ld a
nexed, of the personal estate and effects of Jenkin
Jones, late of Park-place, St. James's-street, in the parish of St.
James's, W.
ninster, in the county of Middlesex, jeweller and gold¬
smith, deceased (who died on or about the 27th day of June, 1791, left
unadministered by Jenkin Jones, his son, also deceased), or show cause
why the same should not be granted to Charles Ewens Deacon, of the
town and county of Southampton, solicitor, the administrator, with the
will annexed, of Nathaniel Jones, also since deceased, who, while living,
was one of the residuary legatees named in the will and codicil of
the said Jenkin Jones, deceased, with an intimation that, in default
of your appearance, the said letters of administration, with the said
will and codicil annexed, of the said Jenkin Jones, deceased, left un¬
administered as aforesaid, will be granted to him, the said Charles
Ewens Deacon.
ROBINSON and PRESTON, 35, Lincoln's¬
inn-fields, Soliciton.
IN the Matter of LETTERS PATENT granted to

HARD ARCIIL
ALD BROOMAN, of the firm of J. C.
Lobertson and Co., of
66, Fleet-street, in the city of London, paten
agents for the invention of "Improvements in Mo¬
tone uting, and
Reaping ag eo.
ines," bearing date the 14th day of October, 1852.—Notic.
is hereby give e e e e

, at present of Norwood.


ahtc he ine manufacturer, Assigneo o
the said Leters Paten.
toa s applied by petition to Her Ma.
toye's
Attorney-General for leave, certified by his fiat and
Lature, to
toe e e e.
oe e eatents in Englanda
CLAIMER and
ht.
JOORANDUM
ALTERATION of cortain PARTS of the
SPECIFICATION of
Bae s ene eetters
tit t  an
to e e son in¬
a oannton
such application must give notice thereof at the
Pe

General, No. 11, New-sque.


days from the date hereof.—Dated this 10th day of Mare.
1864.

Agent for the Petitioner, 166, Fleet¬
street, London.
Witness—.
C. Mewburn.
LONDON and BIRMINGHAM GUN BARREL
PROOF.—ee
tae terations in
roving all Small
Arms in
ct to which the existing Scales of Proof are not appli¬
cable.—NEW RULE and REGULATION and NEW SCALE for the
PROOF of all SMALL ARMS to which the existing scales of proof
under the Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1855, are not applicable, made unde¬
the
hority of the said Act by the two Companies in the said Act
called the ou
akers Company and the Birminghs
Company, with
the appro.
o e.
Hononal
the Earl de Grey and Ripon, Her.
Majesty's Seeetar.
State for War, in
oe o e
ary, 1864.
e W  .
the e enterpretation Clause in the said Act the word
"small arms" are declared to include small arms of every deseri
or 
an n in
toh th e n  e e e
toie o f future invention, respe


arge of bullets, shots, or other projectiles in the

tin meutioned; and whereas since the 
to 
Act certainr
mall arms have
tei e e t to whtice
the seale of proof
in Sched.
 to the said Act annexed is not applicable, and it is de¬
sirab e

te all armss
a e ont be used
without being duly proved; and
ereas by th e t set t e 
Act power is given to the said two Companies, from time to time,
should they deem the proof as stated in Schedule B to the said Act
annexed insufficient, with the approval of Her Majesty's Secretary of
State for War, to make any new rules and regulations and new scale of
proof in that behalf:—Now, therefore, the said two Companies, with
the approval of the Right Honorable the Earl de Grey and Ripon, Her
Majesty's Secretary of State for War, do make the following new rule
and regulation and new scale of proof with regard to the proving of
such small arms as aforesaid, that is to say, that such small arms shall
be proved with such a bullet as shall be applicable to the dimensions of
the bore of the said small arms respectively, and with such a charge
of gunpowder as shall not be less than twice the service charge, pro¬
vided that if any small arms shall be tendered for proof whereof the
barrel or chamber, or barrels or chambers, respectively, if more
than one, shall not be capable of holding twice the service charge of
powder, the same shall be proved with as much powder as the barrel or
chamber, or as each barrel or chamber, as the case may be, shall be
capable of holding, and that such proof shall be deemed sufficient.
gned by order of the two Companies respective
SO. RUTHERFORD, Clerk of the Gunmakers' Company

LAMS ALLEN, Law Clerk to the Birmingham Co.
aanyn
OSEPH and JOH H N V.
S ERS and Co.'s NEW
o.
TILLERY, Victoria¬
cet. Westminster.—Messrs. Joseph

and Co. beg to inform their friends that they
toe

connexion wil
the Borough-market Distill
Foer e.
excavations for the cellars of the new distillery are rapidly progressing,

the plans
oen complete) the building will no
be proceeded
ti e m ediately. Messrs. ie.

ce e e o a ry
offices, at the Bridge-house Hotel,



warcho
and wine cellars at Rutane
thore, Un p tre.
mes-street,
city, E.C., where attendance is daily given, an
the business carried on

until the new distillery is buil
CAUTION.—Ch.
rodyne. in Chancery.—
ie a s
clearly proved before ViceC
ceello
Sir W. P. Wood, by affi¬
davits from eminent hospii a pe e
ns of London, that Dr. J. Collis
Browne was the
tioverer o f ei
o o yne; thetet
prescribe it

and mean no other than Dr. Browne's.—See Times, Jan. 12,
1864. The public, therefore a e.
s.
tusing any other than
Dr. J. COLLIS BRO N.
ECEA SEILEOREOSED.
S , which is extensively
used in hose s.
tao mea
d and is affirmed by medical tes¬
timouials accompanying end
bottle to be the most efficacious medi¬

adiscovered for consumption, coughs, colds, asthma, bron¬
chitis, spasms, rheumatism, &c. No home should be without it. Sold
in bottles, 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. Sent free, on receipt of stamps, by J.
T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell-Street, London, W.C., sole manu¬
facturer. Observe particularly, none genuine without the words "Dr.
J. Collis Browne's Chlorodyne" on the Government stamp.
NOTICE of TRADE MARK.—In consequence of
Messrs. FELTOE and SON 
tan that a wine of inferior
quality is being circulated
e e e e the.
they have now
protected it with their   DE
Sa 
toe er eit of which will

the Aact of Parliament lately passed. Their or
autherized
agent in England for the sale of it is Mr. T. C. Walker, 18, Tib-lane.
Manchester, where, and at their

duit-street, Re¬
gent-st. s mn¬
and prices may be obtained.—
andon, March 8, 1864.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—The.
Committee
thee

ETROPOLITAN FREE DRIN
NG FOUNTAINS
ASSOCIATION beg
call attention to the fact that the OFFICES
of
Society have been REMOVED to 
1, Shorter's-court, Throg¬
morton-street, city, E.C., cloesn.
the Bank of England.
Subs.
ptions are earnestly solicited

mmittee to
prepare for the

ning sen
Wn.
sign.
JOHN
E. S ec.
tany.
NO. 13, GRESHAM-HOUSE, E.C.—The under¬
signed beg to notify that, on the 1st of March next, a BRANCH
of their HOUSE will be OPENED in the HAVANNAH, W.I., under
the management of Mr. T. Deutschland, under the style and firm of
DEUTSCHLAND, WIENER, and Co., as commission and general
merchants. —L. WIENER and Co., London, January 13, 186
THE SECOND INTERNATIONAL DOG SHOW,
at the Agricultural-hall, Islington. —Several important exhibitors
having represented that the days first fixed, viz, the 13th, 16th, 17th,
and 18th of May would be inconveniently early, the Directors of the
Agricultural-hall have decided on deferring the show to Friday, the 27th
May, and the following Saturday, Monday, Tuesday, and Wedne
Prize Lists will be ready on the 14th inst.
By order
S. SIDNEY, Sec., Agricultural-hall Company (Limited),
March 10, 1864.
UDI, VIDE, TACE.—Private Inquiries in Eng¬
land and Abroad.—Evidence for Divorce Court.—City firms and
gers are waited upon personally by Mr. POLLAKY (late of George¬
street. Mansion-house), or, if more agreeable, may consuit with him at
No. 13, Paddington-green.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE OFFICE (established
1857), 5, Church-court, Clement's-la
Lombard-street, E.C.—
.
te, confidential, and important INQUIRIES conducted by
JOHN LEWIS, 17 years an officer in the City of London Police
Evidence collected for the Courts of Law (Civil).
