REALLY PETSIE? WRITE to me, darling, Letters

for you at the Post office. —Never willingly.
EVER your Rock if possible. Answer to No. 12 will
;cause intense joy. Excellent chance. Implicit confidence. All is
Will answer as soon as received. Very anxious just now.—W.
HOTCHEWITCHI to BROKEN PUNCH.—Juva's
ee Rom-believe No
Lil was chored by so-called Romni-chee

Words from Leland.
TO PARISH CLERKS.—FIVE POUNDS RE¬
WARD for a CERTIFICATE of the MARRIAGE of a Mr.
BIRD to a Miss HORNBUCKLE about the year 1790.—Address
17 New-street, Leicester.
RICHARD THORNTON PERKIN, late of Farn¬

Pawnbroker, deceased.—Any persons claiming now to be the HEIR
at LAW of the above named RICHARD THORNTON PERKIN
(who died at Norwood aforesaid in the year 1860), are requested to
send a written statement, showing how they make out such claim, to
Mr. George Edward Philbrick, of Girdlers'-hall, Basinghall-street,
London, Solicitor.
PURSUANT to an Order of the High Court of
Justice Chancery Division, made in the Matters of the
trusts of the will of MARY LONGLEY, deceased, and in the Matter
of the Trustee Relief Acts, the persons claiming to be NEXT of KIN
according to the statutes for the distribution of intestates estates
of Mary Longley, late of Maid of Honor-row, Richmond, in the county
of Surrey, Spinster, living at the time of her death, in or about the
month of September, 1865, or to be the legal personal representatives
of such of the said next of kin as are now dead, are by their solicitors,
on or before the 30th day of March, 1878, to come in and prove their
claims at the Cuambers of the Master of the Rolls, in the Rolls-yard,
Chancery-lane, Middlesex, or in default thereof they will be peremp¬
torily excluded from the benefit of the said order. Monday, the 8tn
day of April, 1878, at twelve o'clock at noon at the said Chambers, is
appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims.—Dated
this 20th day of February, 1878
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the retrausfer from the Commi-sioners for the Reouc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £236 4s. 9d. Consolidated £3
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of Right Mon.
FREDERICK GOUGH CALTHORPE, Rev. JOHN LAW, GEORGE
HEWETT, Gentleman, and WILLIAM GIBLETT, Gentleman, all of
Elvetham, Hants, and which was transferred to the said Commis¬
sioners, in consequence of the Dividends thereon having remained un¬
claimed since the 5th July, 1866;—Notice is hereby given, that on the
expiration of three mobths from this date (Saturday, March 2d, 1878),
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividen s thereon paid to
William Brooks and the Rev. Thomas Gray Clarke (Clerk), surviving
executors of the Rev. John Law, deceased, who was the survivor,
wno have claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner
appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £100 Consolidated £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of JOHN ALEXAN¬
DER BERREY, of the Six Clerks Office, Chancery-lane, Esquire,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence
of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th
January, 1856; Notice is hereby given, that on the expuration of
three months from this date (2d ;March. £1878) the said Stock will be
Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to Charles Edward
Berrey, sole executor of George James Berrey, deceased, who was the
sole executor of John Alexander Berrey, deceased, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
ont his claim thereto.
BELGRAVE HOSPITAL for CHILDREN, 1, Cum¬
berland-street, and 72, Winchester-street, Eccleston-square.—
The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE DONATION of £10
from the Parochial Council of St. Peter's, Eaton-square.
THE GREAT NORTHERN HOSPITAL, Cale¬
donian-road, London, N.—The Committee thankfully AC¬
KNOWLEDGE DONATION of £100 from the Worshipful Com¬
pany of Goldsmiths, in aid of the funds of this unendowed and free
Hospital.—A. PHLLIPS, Sec., Fepruary 28
VESTMINSTER HOSPITAL, Broad Sanctuary,
S.W.—The Repairs and Improvement Committee have the
teasure to ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEPT of a kind DONA¬
TION of ONE HUNDRED POUNDS to the Repair Fund, from his
Grace the Duke of Westminster, K.G.—P. P. BOUVERIE, Treasurer
and Chairman of Committee.
DREADNOUGHT. —SEAMENS HOSPITAL,
Greenwich, S.E.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEIPT of the following SUMS, towards the £6,000 required
to enable them to defray the current expenses of the present year:—

22s.; Mrs. George Brooking, (annual) £2 2s.—
HENRY C. BURDETT, Secretary.
THE SECRETARY of the NATIONAL HOSPITAL
for the PARALYSED and EPILEPTIC, Queen-square, Blooms¬
bury, gratefully ACKNOWLEDGES, on behalf of the Board of
Management, a DONATION of £50-by the Worshipful Company of
Goldamiths, to the fund now being raised for the reconstruction of
the out-patients' department, and the provision of additional wards
for in-patients.—B. BURFORD RAWLINGS, Secretary
LOST, a BUNCH of KEYS. ONE POUND RE¬
WARD will be given on receipt of same at the Manor-house,
Green-lanes; the Police Station, High-Street, Stoke Newington; or
Housekeeper 3, Crosby-square, oty.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a SMALL
ROUGH TERRIER of the Skye breed. Answers to the name of
Winne, and has the hair off her back. Apply to Mr. Rotherham, the
Royal Canine Surgery, 55, South Molton-street, W.
THE LATE Rev. Dr. ALEXANDER DUFF.—The
undersigned, being about to make arrangements for the compila¬
tion of a blography of his late father, would feel greatly obliged if Dr.
Duff's many friends in Great Britain, India, and America would
favour him with any ORIGINAL LETTERS they may possess.
He undertakes to return all carefully to the owners after copies have
been made. Home correspondents will kindly address as below, and
friends in America are requested to address the Honourable George
H. Stuart, of Philadelphia.—W. Pirie Duff, care of Messrs. Hodder
and Stoughton, 27, Paternoster-row London.
MANAWATU LAND ORDERS.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the 30th day November, 1877, an Act was passed
by the General Assembly of New Zesland, intituted an Act to provide
for the satisfaction of certain Land Orders issued by the New Zealand
Company, and theretofore exercised in the Manawatn or Horowhenua
districts, within the aforesaid Company's settlement at Wellington.
The attention of every person claiming under any such Land Orders
as aforesaid is drawn to the provisions of the said Act next follow¬
ing, that is to say:—
Every person claiming land within the Provincial District of Wel¬
lington under any Land Order originally issued by the New Zesland
Company, and which has been exereised in the Manawatu or Horow¬
henua Districts, must, within 12 months from the 30th November, 1877,
if he be a resident in the Colony, and within two years from such date
if he be resident elsewhere, give notice in writing, by himself or his
agent to the Commissioner appointed for the District of Wellington
under the Ordinance of the Legislative Council of the Islands of New
Zealand, Session 11, No. 15, for the hearing and decision of his claim
under the provisions of the said Act, and at the time of making his
application for the satisfaction of his claim must lodge with the Com¬
missioner the origmal land order under which he claims to be entitled
to select any seetion of land, unless such land order shall previoualy
hav ben lodged with the Commissioner no claim can be heard and
determined until such original land order is lodged, or proof of the
loss given to the satisfaction of the Commissioner.
The Commissioner will report to the Governer the name of the per¬
son found to be entitled to land under any particular land order the
particular number thereof, the fact of such land order having been
louged with him, or of his having received satisfactory proof of the
loss thereof, and the amount in value stated in such land order, such
report is to be considered and sapproved by the Governor in Council,
and forthwith published in the New Zealand Gazette, with the date
of the approval attached thereto.
Notification of the Gevernor's approval is a sufficient warrant to the
Commissioner to issue to the persons named in such approved report
as being entitied to land, scrip for the amount of money onginally
paid for the land order under which any such persons have been lound
to be entitied, together with compensation to the amount of £1 for
every £1 steriing represented by such land order added thereto ; so
that every person lound entitled shall receive a2 in value for every
20s. in value to which he shall have been found entitied, except in
cases of lost land orders, in which case proceedings must be taken
under the Lost Land Orders Act, 1861.
No scrip can be delivered by the Commissioner until the land order
in satisfaction of which such scrip is issued has been cancelled by
him.
Upon the receipt of scrip all the right, title, interest, claim, and de¬
mand of the person to whom the same is issued, and of all other per¬
sons whatsoever, to the land in respect of which scrip shall have been
issued is extinguished; and the issue of such scrip is, both at law and
in equity, a full and complete performance by the Crown, on behall of
the New Zealand Company, of the contract or obligation of the Com¬
pany in respect of which such scrip shall have been issued.
All scrip to be issued under the authority of the said Act is trans¬
ferable and is receivable as cash by the Receiver of Land Revenue, in or
towards the purchase of waste lands of the Crown in any part of the
provincial district of Wellington, but not elsewhere, and must be exer¬
cised within five years from the date of its issue ; claims for the exer¬
cise of scrip not made within such period of five years are barred.
The Commissioner cannot entertain or investigate any claims in
which the clammant shall not have notified his intention to have his
claim heard and decided under the provisions of the said Act within
the time limited for making such application. All claimants failing
to avail themselves of the provisions of the said Act are barred, and
their claim extinguished py reason of such default.
Claimants not resident within the Colony of New Zealand should
forthwith appoint a duly authorized agent to do and perform what¬
ever may be requisire to obtuin the benefit of the said Act.—Dated
at Wellington this 9th day of January, 1878.
(Signed) DAVID LEWIS, a Commissoner for the purposes
of the above referred to Act.
NEW STEAM YACHT for SALE, very handsome
and fast, and suitable for the coast or river length (over all)
doft., beam 7ft., cabins (fore and aft) in teak, pair of engines and
boiler (a horizontal one decked over) of the very best make. For full
particulars apply to H., 4, Brunswick-villas, New-road, Hammer¬
smith.
THE PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, 33, Essex¬
street, Strand, established in 1852 by C. F. FIELD, late Chief
of the Metropolitan Detective Police, and C. NICHOLLS, Telegrams
from the country must be accredited by London reference.
—
FUNERAL COMPANY (Limited), 28, New Bridge¬
street, Blackfriers.—The Management first introduced in 1855 the
open car heerse, also a superior class of carriages and broughams,
and although many imitators profess originality and so-calied reform,
yet upon comparison they think the public will find not only the
charges, but most of these professions, to be delusions.
FUNERALS, by the REFORMED FUNERALS
COMPANY, established at 15, Langham-place, Regent-street, 1870,
for reforming the funeral system in four essential points, viz.:—To
omit the usual encumbering symbols of woe ; use a new Hearse com¬
plete without feathers, dolis, or velvets; provide modern carriages for
mourners, and convey the attendants in a separate carriage instead of
on the hearse top.—Offices, 53, City-road, Finsbury-square, E.C.; 31,
Cambridge-place, Norfolk-square, W.—H. L. MILLS.
REFORMED FUNERALS.—The FUNERAL
COMPANYS speciality is in excelient modern carriages,
and good horses, combined with superior management. Separate con¬
veyances for attendants.—28, New Bridge-street, E.C., and 82, Baker¬
street, W.
ALEXIS BONO, General Manager.
REFORMED FUNERALS, upon the principle ad¬
vocated in The Times, and dispensing with all procession if de¬
steed. An explanatory pamphiet, with list of charges, gratis on ap¬
plication to the LONDON NECROPOLIS COMPANY, 2, Lancas¬
ter-place, strand, W.C. Patentees of the Earth-to-Barth Collin.
MONUMENTS, Tombs, and Mural Tablets in
Granite, Marble, or Stone. Designs and estimates forwarded
on application to BURKE and Co., 17, Newman-street, Oxford-street,
Lonuon, W. Removed from Regent-street.
MONUMENTAL SCULPTURE.—Marble, Granite,
and Stone Tombs, Crosses, Tablets, &c. Drawings on applica¬
tion. Established 1820.—GAFFIN and Co., 63, Quadrant, Regent¬
street, London, W.
MONUMENTAL.—IMPERISHABLE INSCRIP¬
TIONS on MARBLE in SOLID LEAD, introduced from Rome
by Mr. E. J. PHYSICK, Sculptor, with unfailing success. Designs of
sculptured monuments, mural tablets, memorial crosses, &c. marked at
lowest cost, forwarded on application to Mr. E.J. Physick. The Monu¬
mental Works. Offices, 135, Marylehone-road, next Baker-street. W.
W. JOHNSON'S MONUMENTAL WORKS,
363 and 379, Euston-road, N.W. Particular attention given to
duraoility of material, good taste in design, and careful execution of
details. Established 1821.
THE MONUMENTAL COMPANY, Kensal-green,
W.—MONUMENTS of every description for exportation, and
erected in any part of the kingdom. Designs and estimates forwarded
on application. Superiority and durability. Show Rooms, opposite
Kensal-green Cemetery, W.
MEMORIAL BRASSES, Monuments, and Windows.
Designs and estimates forwarded on application. Agents ror
Haden's Iron Memorials.—FRANK SMITH and Co., 13, Southamp¬
ton-street, Strand.
CLUNY TAPESTRY in ART COLOURS, and Cur¬
tain Fabrics in Silk, Wool, and Cotton, from 3s. 6d. to 33s. 6d.
stered designs. Sets of patterns forwarded for inspec¬
per yard.
tion.—FRANK SMITH and Co.
LTAR COVERS, and every other requisite for


Church Furniture Warehouse, 13, Southampton-street, Strand, Lon¬
don, W.
CHURCH PLATE, including Chalies, Flagons,

of the Ecclesiological Society. Pocket services, in morocco cases, for
een.
be forwarded gratis on application to the GOLDSMITHS ALLIANCE
(Limited), Manufacturing Silversmiths. 11 and 12, Cornhill. London.
