IF the Misses WHITE, who lived in Amwell-Street,
Islington, in 1844, or any of their relations, or Mr. Fraser, who
resided with them, will SEND their ADDRESS to W. S., care of
Messrs. Pottle and Son, Royal Exchange, they may probably hear of
something to their advantage.
TO ENGINEERS of RAILWAYS.—A GERMAN,
who has been calling on railway engineers with a patent in oil,
and who stated himself as partner with a brother in Vienna, in the
timber trade, keeping 300 men, by name of Wusta. His real NAME
and ADDRESS will be thankfully received by a railway man, to P. B.,
Mr. Jenning's, S4. North-end, Croydon.
SEASIDE CONVALESCENT HOSPITAL, Sea¬
ford, Sussex (established 1860). Secretary's office, 36, Southamp¬
on-street, Strand, London, W. C.—The Committee beg to ACKNOW.
LEDGE, with many thanks, a further DONATION of £10 10s. from
the Trustees of Berman's Charity.—H. GREEN Secretary.
LOST (FIVE PO.
NNDS
ta WARD), CERTIE
TO TE, IMPERIAL CON T.

ENTAL GAS ASSO
ATION.
o, 1, 
for £3,900, Capital Stock of 1878. In
me of Jane Reed
Masterman, Spinster. It was posted at Clifton on August 27th, ad¬

C. Masterman, Tynemouth. Five pounds will be paid to



rtificate to John Salmon,
offcitor.
South Shields; or for such information as shall lead
tohe e recovery

same. The certificate is stopped.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—Trinity-house,
London, 20th September, 1878.—Whereas, on Monday, the 9th
of September instant, at about 10.15 p.m., a brig, coming from the
westward, rounded to and came into collision with the Varne Light
Vessel, stationed in the fairway of the Straits of Dover, extinguishing
several of the lamps in the lantern, and the riding light on board the
Light Ship, thus risking the safety of the vessel, the lives of the crew,
and the navigation of the coast by other vessels.
And whereas the name of the brig, or of the master in command,
could not be ascertained by the crew of the Lightship, although the

above reward will be paid to any person who will give such IN¬
FORMATION to the Corporation of Trinity-house, of London, as to
the NAME of the VESSEL and her OWNERS, and the MASTER in
command at the time, as may be sufficient to enable them to institute
proceedings against the Master and Owners, or either of them, under
the provisions of the Merchant Shipping Acts.
The vessel is supposed to be a foreign brig, laden, and to have r
ceived damage to her bulwarks and stanchions on the port side.
Information to be forwarded to the undersigned,
ROBIN ALLEN, Secretary to the Corporation.
Trinity-house, London.
ste
Notice.—Wher.
and other vessels have, in moderate
weather, by the cuipable negligence of the persons in coungand,r
eatedly come into collision with various Light Vessels belonging to
this for.
ration, doing considerable damage to the Light Ships, and
endangering the navigation of the coast for the time by other vessell

bohe n is hereby called to the penalty provided by the 414th sec¬
tion of the Merc aen.
Shipping Act, 185.


toe p rsonwill

the following
offences (that is to a¬
"1. Injures any lighthouse, or the lights exhibited therein, or any
tuey or .
ton
Removes, alters, or destroys, any light ship, buoy, or beacon;
"3. Rides by, makes fast to, or runs foul of any light ship or buoy:
"He shall in addition to the expenses of making good any damage
so occasioned, incur a penalty not exceeding £50
ROBIN ALLEN, Secretary.
ANAWATU LAND ORDERS.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the t d a o oe
mber, 1877, an Act was passed
b ye the General Assembly of Ne
ealand, intituled an Acts to provide
for the satisfaction of certain Land Orders


retofore exeret.
d e

an e of

aforesaid Companys sett.

The at
ation
every person claiming under any such
ado o
rs

toe the provisions of the
a  Act next follou¬
ing, that is to say:
Es.
person claiming land with
the Provincial District of Wel¬
lington under any Land Order originally issued by the New Zealand
Company, and which has been exercised in the Manawatu or Horow
henus Districts, must, within 12 months from the 30th November, 1877,
if he be a resident in the Colony, and within two yearsifrom such date
if he be a resident elsewhere, give notice in writing, by mmself or his
agent, to the Commissioner appointed for the District of Wellington
under the Ordinance of the Legislative Council of the Isands of New
Zealand, Session 15. No 11, for the bearing and decision of his claim
under the provisions of the said Act, and at the time of making his
application for the satisfaction of his claim must lodge with the Com¬
missioner the original land order under which he claims to be entitied
to select any section of land. Uniess such land order shall previously
have been lodged with the Commissioner no clam can be heard and
determined until such original land order is lodged, or proof of the
loss given to the satisfaction of the Commissioner.
The Commissioner will report to the Governor the name of the per¬
son found to be entitled to land under any particular land order, the
particular number thereof, the fact of such land order having been
lodged with him, or of his having received satisfactory proof of the
loss thereof, and the amount in value stated in such land order; such
report is to be considered and approved by the Governor in Countil,
and forthwith published in the New Zealand Gazette, with the date
of the approval attached thereto.
Notification of the Governor's approval is a sufficient warrant to the
Commissioner to issue to the persons named in such approved report
as being entitled to land, serp for the amount of money origimally
paid for the land order under which any such persons have been found
to be entitled, together with compensation to the amount of £1, for
every £1 sterling represented by such land order added thereto ; so
that every person found entitled shall receive £2 in value for every
20s. in value to which he shall have been found entitled, except in
cases of lost land oniers, in which case proceedings must be taken
under the Lost Land Orders Act, 1861.
No scrip can be delivered by the Commissioner until the land order
in satisfaction of which such scrip is issued has been cancelled by
him.
Upon the receipt of scrip all the right, title, interest, claim, and de¬
me
the pe s en to wh
e same is issued, and of all other per¬
sons whatsoever, to the land in respect of which scrip shall have been
issued is extinguished; and the rasue of such scrip is, both at law and
in equity, a full and complete performance by the Crown, on behalf of
the New Zealand Company, of the contract or obligation of the Com¬
pany in respect of which such scrip shall have been issued.
All scrip to be issued under the authority of the said Act is trans¬
ferable and is receivable as cash by the Receiver of Land Revenue in
or towards the purchase of waste lands of the Crown in any part of the
deistr i llling
rovincis
ae  not eisewhere, and must be exer¬
cised
thin five years from the date of its issue ; claims for the exer¬
cis e e e.
not made within such
dod of five years are barred.
The Commissioner cannot entertain or investigate any claims in
th h th he
ae e at shall not have notified
aesi e tiention to have his

jecided under the provisions of the said Act within
the tin
imited for making such application. All cammants failing
to avall the e th.
provisions of the e
aed arred, and
ther claim extinguished by reason of such deraul
Claimants not resident within the Colony of New Zealand should
forthwith appoint a duly authorized agent to do:
perform whatever
may be requisite to oebete
bhe e he
bit of the said Act. —Dated at Wel¬
lington
9th day of January, 1878.
Signed)	DAVID LEWIS, a Commissione
for the purposes
tbover
te er e de to Act.

S TERS an o e.
I L E
—Gooch v. Robbins.


Tom's Cabin; Princes's Theatre.—W.
re
the Chane.
Division of the High Court of Justice did, on the 2d
day of October, 1878, by INJUNCTION, perpe
ally restrain Thomas
Robbins, his servants, workmen, and
tie at
mnouncement to the effect t e e
T oms Cabin a
the Princes
Theatre, would shortly tere
tat and also ordered that the said
Thomas Robbins should pay the said Walter Gooo.

ad Princess's Theatre) the costs of th e e
e e ice is
tr

mediate e.
edings will be taken against any person

nnouncing the withdrawal of the said piece.—
aaed

ay of October, 187.
 J. MURAY, Solicito for
said Walter Goo  .
11, Langham-street, oo.
and-place, W.
AIRY SHOW.—Last day, TO-DAY.—Agricultural¬
D.
hall, October 14th. Admission one shilling.
BAIRY SHOW.—Last day,
TODAY.—British
Dairy Farmers' Association.—THIRD ANNUAL SHOW, open
from 10 a.m. till 10 p.m.
DAIRY SHOW. —Last day, TO-DAY.—£1,500 in
Prizes.—COWS, belfers, bulls, goats, cheese, butter, poultry,
pigoons, cheese and butter-making, models and drawings of dairy
homesteads, dairy utensils, &c.
DAIRY SHOW.—Last day, TODAY.—COWS,
Heifers, and Bulls.—The entries in these classes number 232.
The largest exhibition of prize and pedigree cattle ever held in the

DAIRY SHOW.—Last day, TODAY.—GOATS
exceed the number of any previous show. Specimens of British,
Maltese, Indian, Abyssinian, Egyptian, Norwegian, and other foreign

DAIRY SHOW. —Last day, TO-DAY.—POULTRY
d PIGEONS. Largest Show ever held in London. 2,000
entiies. This year's birds, with champion classes. Poultry houses and

DAIRY SHOW.—Last day, TODAY.—CHEESE
nd BUTTER. Every known variety, English and foreign, on view.
American cheeses weighing nearly a ton each. Representation of
Cleopatra's Needle in Stilton cheese 55 foet high.
DAIRY SHOW.—Last day, TO-DAY.—BUTTER¬
MAKING and CHEESE-MAKING in competition will be
carried on daily during the Show by country dairymaids.
MAIRY SHOW.—Last day, TODAY.—MODELS
 PLANS of DAIRY HOMESTEADS, Dairy Utensils,
toa t  aee eeices
DAIRY SHOW. —Last day, TODAY.—Amongst the
principal Exhibitors—Her Maiesty the Queen, the Baroness
Burdet-Contts, Lady Gwydyr, the Hon. Mrs. Baillie Hamilton, the
Earl of Stamford and Warrington, the Earl of Rosslyn, Lord Chesham,
the Hon. H. Brougham, &c.
DAIRY SHOW, Agricultural-hall.—Last day, TO¬
DAY. Open from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. Admission one shilling.
Special trains on all railways.

—
EGYPT.—A French doctor, knowing Egypt well,
desires to ACCOMPANY one or two YOUNG GENTLEMEN,
o wish to travel or winter in the Delta or Upper Egypt. Speaks
English and German. Highest references. Address Dr. A., care of
Messrs. G. Street and Co., 30, Cornhill, E.C.
Well-born and accomplished ENGLISHWOMAN,
living in society, is desirous of corresponding with a lady pur¬
posing to WINTER in MALTA, Gibraltar, Innia, or the Continent,
and who would consider the companionship of a young lady as an
equivaient for her travelling expenses.—Veritas, Stuart's Library,

GENTLEMAN (wit
e n o ed er,
ri¬
ence of the Continent) and his WIFE, wishing to pass the winter

aoe r ravelling about or otherwise, would be glad to take
CHAR
TE of or superidtend two or three SO on
INTLEMEN,

irous of meeting with such an
opportunity for the purpose of health or amusemen
Highest refe¬
rences, For terms, a.
ade
ese W oyageur, PortmaLb
 76, Baker¬
tare
Portman-square.
CHRISTMAS HOLYDAYS.—In Algiers.—A Go¬
vernes about to spend three weeks or a month in Algiers at
Curistmas, would be glad to take CHARGE of TWO YOUNG
LADIES, or accompany any lady requiring a companion. Expenses
25s. a day. Letters addressed S., care of Mr. Dannatt, Nelson-street,
Greenwich, London.

TEN POUNDS REWARD.—The TALISMAN
BRACELET, patented, in 18 carnt gold.—
above reward
to any person giving INFORMATION of any IN¬
FRINGEMENT of the above PATENT, either in gold, silver, or other
metal, on application to Mr. Streeter, 18, New Bond-street, London, W.
OXFORD-STREET REPAVING.—CARRIAGES
can now SET DOWN and TAKE UP at PETER ROBIN¬
SON'S, in Oxford-street, this portion of the street being now com¬
boleted and open for traieie
FORRESTERS PRIVATE and CONFIDENTIAL
INVESTIGATION OFFICES. Established 1850. Conducted
by Messrs. Forrester and Death.—28a, Basinghall-street, E.C.
ARTHUR CLEVELAND MONTAGU and Co.,
Legal and Confidential Agents, Marlborough-chambers, 49, Pail¬
mall, S.W. Mr. Montagu may be CONSULTED daily, between 10
and 5 o'clock, on Saturdays till 2, on home and foreign cases. 20 years'
legal experienee. Letters and telegrams promptly attended to.
THE WIGMORE TRAINED NURSES' INSTI¬
TUTE.— Resident skilled and experienced NURSES for Medical,
Surgical, Monthly, Mental, and Fever cases supplied at a minute's
notice. Address the Misses Carty, 34, Wigmore-street, London, W.
GENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, 5, Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden, W

Medical Director—ALFRED EBSWORTH, F.R.C.S.
Resident skilled medical, surgical, and monthly nurses are supplied
at a moment's notice from this Institute ; also fever nurses, male
attendants, and wet nurses. Applications to be addressed to the
Secretary or Lady-Superintendent.
JURSES.—Mr. WILSON'S INSTITUTION, 96,
Wimpole-street, Cavendish-square, London, W.
For upwards of 12 years the medical profession and the public have
been supplied with my Nurses, who roside at 96, Wimpole-street,
which is a guarantee of their respectabinity and efficiency.
Certificates can be produced for most skilful pursing.
Medical, Surgical, Monthly, Mental, Dipsomania, Fever Nurses, &c.
Fever Nurses reside in a separate house.
Monthly Nurses who have obtained certificatss for skill.
Male Attendants for all cases.
Nurses sent to all parts of England and the Continent at a
moment's notice. The nature of the case must be described, personally
or by letter or telegram, to Mr. Wilson, or Lady Superintendent.
MEDICAL.—Dr. BURR, after 30 years' experience
in India, has retired from the Indian Medical Service, has
settied at Brignton, and may be CONSULTED daily on tropical
diseases, &c., at Eskdaile-house, Old Steine, between 11 o'clock and
1 p.m.
MEWELLERY for SALE.—PLATE, Watches, and
other valuables can be included in the AUCTIONS held three o
ur days in each week, at the Rooms of Messrs. DEBENHAM,
STORR, and SONS, King-street, Covent-garden, W.C.J.
