TO E. and R.—Do not sell, I quadruped on the 24th
instant. Each foot two hundred feet. Where are you ? Your letters
do not state, henee this expense.—C. T. R.
TO JACOB of the BEAMING COUNTENANCE.
—COMMUNICATE with your friends at once. Address A. Z.,
are of Robertson and Scott, 3, Hanover-street, Edinburgh.
ROULOGNE.—If W., who wrote from the Reform
Club on Sunday, 10th inst, to his dearest C., to a post-office near
Regent-street, will WRITE, immediately, to B. J., at the same post¬
office, and give an address where a letter will find him, he may save
the young lady from ruin and her family from disgrace.
MATHANAEL HOOK, the Historian. — FIVE
GUINEAS REWARD for the MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE
of the above gentleman and Mary his wife, probably Mary Powell,
about 1708-11. The marnage took place either in England or Dublin.
Apply to W. H. Robinson, 6, Great Queen-street, Westminster, S.W.
THOMAS EDMETT, late of Arreton House, Maid¬
stone, Kent, Gentleman, deceased.—Persons claiming to be the
NEXT of KIN of the said deceased, who died on the 24th of October,
1871, are requested to COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Beale, Hoar,
and Beale, Solicitors, Maidstone, or with Mr. Thomas Kipping, Soli¬
citor, 45, Essex-Street, Strand, London, in order that they may have
the benefit of the Decree made ma Suit in Chancery, "Pame v. The
Attorney-General," in case it should be decided that such next of kin
are entitled to any interest under the will of the deccased.
TWENTY-FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—To Hotel¬
keepers, Lodging-housekeepers, and others—MISSING, a
YOUNG LADY, age 20, height 5ft. 6,in., carries and uses an eye¬
glass, complexion fair and freckled, slight and elegant figure, promi¬
uent brown eyes, and auburn-brown hair, dressed wher last seen in a
blue linen dress covered with white rings, and a black straw hat
trimmed with velvet. Had with her a black silk dress and a brown
holland one trimmed with embroidery. Last seen at the International
Exhibition, with a gentleman of middle-height, about 38 years of age.
dark, with a thick black moustache, and wearing a white hat. Apply
to Mr. F. Smith, 18, Ironmonger-lane, London, E.C.
THE HOSPITAL for WOMEN, Soho-square.—The
Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEPT from a
Lady of NOTE No. M.ll oo s .
THE HOSPITAL for WOMEN, Soho-square.—In
addition to the £956 9s. already acknowledged, the Committee
ratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIFT of the following CON¬
TRIBUTIONS towards the £1,000 proposed by the Baroness Burdett-¬
Coutts:—Mis F. Meyrick, 10s. 6d.; Miss Turner, £31 10s.
THE ROYAL NATIONAL HOSPITAL for CON¬
SUMPTION Ventnor.—Patron, Her Majesty the QUEEN.
The General Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIIE
of an auditional CONTRIBUTION of TWENTY-FIVE POUNDS
from the Rev. F. J. Eyre, in aid of this unendowed Charity.—
ERNEST MORGAN, Secretary.—20, John-Street, Adelphi.
WARRANT LOST, for nine bundles ground rat¬
tans, ex rail, entered by J. Mosenthal, 13th June, 1873 ; lying
at Custom-house-quay. Warrant number 24,493. Apply to Thomas
Merry and Son, 139, Fenchurch-Street.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, between
Brompton-road and Mount-street, Berkeley-square, a BUNCH
of KEYS, consisting of three Bramah keys and various others. Apply
to Messrs. Needs and Co. (late Bramah and Co.), 128, Piccadilly
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a BUNCH of
KEYS, on Monday the 18th instant, between John-street, Bed¬
ford-row, and Fenchurch-Street Station. Apply at 28, John-street,
Bedford-row.
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.—LEFT in a Han¬
som CAB, taken up at Wellington Barracks to Halfmoon-street,
on the 15th inst., by a lady, a SMALL PAPER PARCEL. To be
taken to 45, Cadogan-place, S.W.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD. —DOG LOST, in Park¬
street, Canden-town, on Wednesday night, August 13—a Black
and Tan Spaniel Bitch, King Charles breed. Answers to the name of
Nenia. Whoever will take the same to 77, Mornington-road, Re¬
gent's-park, shall receive the above reward. No further reward will
be offered.
TEN GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, between
Carlisle-place and the cab stand, Stockbridge-terrace, Pimlico, or
in Slonne-street, or Left in a Cab, a DIAMOND CLUSTER LOCKET.
in the shape of a heart, with a small swivel attached, also clustered
with small diamonds. Waoever will take it to 2, Carlisle-place, Vic¬
ia-street, S. W., shall receive the above reward.
EXTENSIVE ROBBERY of DIAMON
S and
PRECIOUS STOT
S.—FIVE HUNDRED POUNDS RE¬
WARD.
etet
Wh reas.
nhhe 18th Juns and the 1s.
July last, a
robbery of diamond ornaments was perpetrated on the premises of
eaten.
to e e e
ellers, in amon¬
00 ; a n d whereas,
pui,
he diamond.
and emeralds so stolen have been removed from
the ettin
and gold mountings, and the latte
stceovered in the e e e e
the Thames, supposed to have been thrown from the Embankment;
—The above reward will be paid ny the undersigned solicitors to any
terson who, within 30 days,.
loe ie s ue in ation

ae edn o
the detection of the thief or thieves. Inforn

Messrs. Lewis and
wis, 16. Ely-place, Holborn, Sotcitors; or to
Sur.
ntendent Williamson, Detective Department, Scotland-yard.
FOUND, a LE
GE BLACK RETRIEVER.
lay
be seen on application at 36, Wim.
lestre.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one Dividend on the sum of
£11,725 13s. 11d. Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore
standing in the names of THOMAS GODWIN, Auctioneer ED¬
WARD SHENTON Gentleman, both of Winchester, and JAMES
CHALDECOTT SHARP, of Southampton, Gentleman, and which
Dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt in consequence of its having remained unclaimed
since the 5th January, 1862;—Natice is hereby given that, on the
expiration of three months from this date, the said Dividend will be
paid to Edward Shenton, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the Hational Debt of the sum of £994 10s. 2d. Consolidated
£3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of ANNA
MARIA CURTIS, of New Cavendish-street, widow, and FRANCIS
GEORGE SAVAGE CURTIS, a (aptain in the 6th Dragoon Guards,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence
of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th
January, 1861;  Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this nate, the said stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid to Francis George Savage Curtis, the survivor,
who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner
appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES:—To JOHN RICHINGS now or
lase of Wotton under-Edge in the County of Gloucester Take Notice
that a CITATION has issued under the Seal of Her Majesty's Court
for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes at the instance of Sarah Ann
Richings of Wotton under-Edge in the County of Gloucester Citing
you to appear within 8 days in the said Court then and there to answer
the petition filed in the said Court praying for a dissolution of her
marriage with you and such citation contains an intimation that in
default of your so doing the Court will proceed to hear the said petition
proved in due course of Law and to pronounce sentence thereon, your
absence notwithstanding, and a further intimation that for the par¬
pose aforesaid you are to attend in person or by your Proctor, Solicitor
or Attorney at the Registry of the said Court in Doctors Commons
London and there to enter an appearance in a book provided for that
purpose without which you will not be allowed to address the Court in
person or by Counsel at any stage of the proceedings in the Cause
Dated this First day of August 1873.
H. L. STRONG, Registrar.
WRIGHT and SON Solicitors, 2 Paper Buildings Temple
Agents for Wright and Turner of Wotton-under-Edge,
Gloncester, Petinoners Solicttors
CHARITY COMMISSION.—In the Matter of
ISAAC DUCKETTS CHARITY in the parishes of St. Andrew,
Holborn, in the City of London, and county of Middlesex, and St.
Clement Danes, in the same county of Middlesex.—By direction of the
Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, notice is
hereby given, that an ORDER is proposed to be made by them, arter
the exptration of one calendar month, to be computed from the first
publication of this notice, ESTABLISHING a SCHEME for the
ADMINISTRATION of the above mentioned Charity. A copy of the
proposed scheme may be inspected free of cost daily, during the space
of 21 days from the first publication of this notice, at the ofhees of the
Vestry Clerks of the parishes of st. Andrew, Hulborn, and St. Clement
Danes respectively, between the hours of 10 a.m. and 3 p.m., and at the
offices of the said Board, No. 8. York-streer, St. James's-square, Lon¬
don. Any objections to the proposed Order, or suggestions for the
modification thereof, may be transmitted to tec said Board, in writing,
address to their Secretary, at their office, within 21 days next after the
first publication of this notice. —Dated this 8th day of August, 1873.
(Signed). HENRY M. VANE, decretary.
THE Committee appointed at the City Board of
St. Petersburg for the building over the Neva of the permanent
Liteinaia Bridge, makes it generally known that of the 17 project
offered to COMPETITION advertised in 1871, for the BUILDING of
 PERMANENT LITEINAIA BRIDGE over the river Neva, the
following three projects have been accepted as being worthy of a pre¬
mium:—The first, of 6,000 roubles, under the motto, Westminster, T.
Whitaker and Terret, Civil Engineers; the second of 3,000 roubles,
project of the Engineer K. M. Ordish; and the third, of 1,500 roubles,
project under Lit. B. S. (Civil Engineer, Bronislaw Sounovetsky), pro¬

In regard to the 14 remaining projects, the parties to whom they
belong can receive them back from the said Committee either per¬
sonally or by post by sending their address.
Parties who come to receive the premium, as well as those who come
to receive back their project which na, not been considered worthy of
a premium, are obliged ta procure a certificate of identity, and a proof
that they are really the proprietors of the said projects.
STOCKTON and BARNARD CASTLE and the
UNITED TRUSTS of the DARLINGTON and WEST AUCE
LAND and COCKERTON-BRIDGE and STAINDROP TURNPIKE
ROADS.—Notice is hereby given, that the Acts relating to the Stock¬
ton and Barnard Castle and the United Trusts of the Darlington and
West Auckland, and the Cockerton-bridge and Staindrop Roads are
Repeaied from and after the 1st day of November next, and all
sons having any CLAIM for PRINCIPAL MONEY or INTEREST
secured upon the revenues of the abovementioned Roads may send
notice in writing to the Clerk of the Trusts, on or before the 27th day
of October next; and all claims for principal moneys or interest not
sent in by the 27th day of October neat will be extinguished.
THOMAS BOWES, Clerk to the Trusts.
Darlington, 21st August, 1873.
PROCLAMATION.—South Australia to wit. (L.S.)
R. D. Hanson.—Proclamation by His Excellency Sir Richard
Davies Hanson, Knight, Chief Jurtice of the Province of South Aus¬
tralia, the Officer Administering the Government thereof.—Whereas
by an Act of the Parliament of South Australia, passed in a Session
held in the twenty-fourth and twenty-rifth years of Her Majesty's
reign, No. 12, intituled "An Act to enable the Governor to prevent
the imporsation of cattle into South Australia under certain circum¬
stances, and for other purposes," it is enacted that it shall be lawful
for the Governor from time to time, with the advice and consent of
the Executive Council, by Proclamation in the South Australian
Government Gazette, to prohibit the introduction or importation of
any cattie or any pardicmar description of cattle into the said Pro¬
vince, from such places and during such times as should be set forth in
such Proclamation: And whereas by anotner Act of the said Parlia¬
ment, passed in a Session held in the twenty-seventh and twenty¬
eighth years of the reign of Her said Majesty, No. 19, intituled "An
Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs," it is amongst
other things enacted that if any goods, enumerated or ne¬
scribed in the table of prohibitions in the thirty-fourth sec¬
toon of the said Act, shall be imported or brought into the
Province of South Australia, then and in every such case such goods
shall be forfeited, or destroyed, or otherwise disposed of as the Trea¬
surer may direct: And whereas in the said table of prohibitions of
goods absolutely prohibited to be imported are included infected cat¬
tie, sheep, or other animals, and hides, skins, horps, hoofs, or other
part of dattle or other ammals which the Governor in Council may
prohibit, in order to prevent any infectious or contagious distemper or
disease: And whereas at the intercolonial Conterence held at Syd¬
ney, in the Colony of New south Wales, during the months or
January and February last past, it was agreed to as follows, viz.:—
"The Conference, having taken into consideration the great danger
to which Australiai live stoex are exposed from the importation of
animals from countries in which infectious diseases prevail, it was re¬
solved that it is expedient to prohibit, for the period of two years, the
landing of cattle, sheep, and pigs from any places beyond the
limits of the Australasian Colonies; and that such prohibi¬
tion should take effect from and after the publication of a
notice in the London Times: Now therefore I, the Officer
Administering the Government, in pursuance of the pro¬
visions of the said recited Acts, and of all other powers me enablin
and with the advice and consent of the Executive Council of the said
Province, do hereby PROHIBIT the INTRODUCTION or
PORTATION into the Province of South Australia of HORNED
CATTLE, Sheep, or Pigs, shipped at any place or places beyond the
limits of the Australasian Colonies for a period of two years. And I
further order and direct that this Proclamation shall take effect from
the day of the publication hereof (or first publication if publishrd
more than once) in the London Times newspaper, and shall extend to
all horned cattle, sheep, and pigs which shall be shipped after the
date of the publication aforesaid.
Given under my hand and the public seal of the said Province, at

thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and in the thirty-sixth
ByCoo.
year of Her Majesty's reign.
and.
HENRY AYERS, Chief Secretary.
God Save the Queen
Published for general information by order of the Gevernment of
South Australia,
FRANCIS S. DUTTON, Agent General.
No. 37, Great George-street, Westminster, this 21st day of
August, 1873.
NOTICE. —Expiration of Lease.—NEGRETTI and

BRANCH at 153, Fleet-street, to Holborn-viaduct, E.C.
NOTICE.—DINNEFORD'S FLUID MAGNESIA
can now be procured at all the principal pharmacies of Europe.
—August 1st. 1873.
NOTICE.—Messrs. SAMUEL, BROTHERS beg to
notify that their TYROLESE SUITS for BOYS (designs res
tarad can onle be obtained at their establishm 60, Ludgate-hill,
Land.E.C.
