begs of H. L. to WRITE at once to Knighton.

. H. H. J. to F. M. M. F. —Yes, old place,

morning.
Z.—Why did you not answer mine in reply to
yours from Jersey early last month?—EDIE.
SJ. By"is entreated to RETURN to his
anxious mother. All will be forgiven. "What, forget thee,
C. K. T. M.—You will understand the change, caused
by your letter. Ever anxious about you. Well ; but no good
news yet.
T.T. L.N. —"Flowrets are blooming" "All that is
wanting dear T-T. is you." Ill and in trouble. Be merciful as
ou wish for mercy. Rely on secresy, and pray communicate with

MR. W. SMITH, 5, Duchess-street, Portland-place,
W., having recovered from his severe indisposition, has re¬
turned to town. Visitors received from 11 till 4,W.
DEBORAH LUKE, widow of George Luke, of the
Sappers and Miners, or EDWARD MORRIS, her brother, is re¬
quested to write to John Taylor, Hinton, New South Wales.
NEXT of KIN of THOMAS GUNNING BEST.—
FRANCES BETTISWORTH, James Henry Champion, Wil¬
liam Constable, Louisa Dalling, Esther Bromley, Rev. Stanhope
Bruce, William Bult, Thos. Cartwright, Lyndon Evelyn, Wm. Dorset
Fellows, John Farmer are ENTITLED to large SUMS. Apply to
Herbert Freres, 13, York-street, Covent-garden.
CHARLES JOHN COSENS JOHNSTONE, M.D.
—In consequence of the death of Mrs. Mary Ann Johnstone, the
abovenamed Charles John Cosens Johnstone (who left England in the
year 1844, and is believed to have gone to America), is required to
APPEAR and CLAIM the PROPERTY to which he became entitled
on her death; and take notice, that if the said Charles John Cosens
Johnstone do not so appear or send in his claim, on or before the 31st
day of December, 1864, the executors named in the will of the said
Mary Ann Johnstone will tender her said will for probate, and proceed
to dispose of her property as if the said Charles John Cosens Johnstone
had died in her lifetime. Any person giving such information as will
lead to the proof of the death of the said Charles John Cosens John¬
stone (if dead) will be rewarded. Apply to Messrs. Tompson, Picker¬
ing, and Styan, 4, Stone-buildings, Lincoln's-inn, Lond.
MISSING, from Cheltenham College, since the
evening of the 29th of September, a YOUNG GENTLEMAN,
of 14 years of age, but looking younger, fair complexion, light brown
hair, large blue eves (wide apart), rather open mouth, 5 feet in height.
and delicate looking; supposed to have been dressed in a dark mixed
morning suit, having afsilver hunting watch, with name of Frodsham
inside, silver link Albert chain with seal key, blank white stone; linen
marked "A. H. Steele." Information to be addressed to the Super¬
intendent of Police, Cheltenham, for which (if satisfactory) a liberal
REWARD will be given.
MISSING.—LEFT his HOME, on Sunday, Octo¬
ber the 9th, at 7 o'clock in the morning, a YOUNG GENTLE¬
MAN. 18 years of age, 5ft. 6 inches in height, pale complexion, hazel
eyes, dark eyebrows, slight moustache and whiskers; wearing a black
coat and waistcoat to match, and a gold Albert chain. Was last seen
in the New Finchley-road, carrying a black leather bag and a black
painted wooden box, containing, it is supposed, a Courtois piston. A
liberal REWARD will be given for any correct information of the
whereabouts of the missing young man on application to Mr. Pollaky,
Private Inquiry Office, 13, Paddington-green, W.
EFT, on a seat in the inner circle of the Regent's¬
park, on the afternoon of Friday, the 14th, a small BROWN
PAPER PARCEL, with strap round, containing two books of ac¬
counts and papers, of no value except to their owner. Any one return¬
ing the same to the Parkkeeper at the York-gate, Regent's-park: or
to the
ousekeeper, 4, Austinfriars, city, shall receive TEN SHIL¬
LINGS REWARD.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
morning, October 2, from No. 7. Grosvenor-place, a small
SMOOTH-HAIR TERRIER PUPPY BITCH. Had on a buckled
leather collar. Tail cut; answers to the name of "Vic." Whoever
will bring the same to the above address shall receive the above reward.
STRAYED, from 102, Jermyn-street, St. James's,
on the afternoon of the 17th, a small BROWN and WHITE
FEMALE MALTESE TERRIER; answers to the name of "Midge."
Whoever will bring the same to the above address shall be handsomely
REWARDED.
FOUND, on the 3d of September last, late at night,
between the Theatre and the Hotel à Quatre Saisons, Munich, a
GOLD LOCKET, with jewels. The owner can have it on giving a
description and paying for advertising it. Apply to V. D., Steel's,
No. 2, Spring-gardens, Trafalgar-square, London.
CAME ASTRAY a SETTER DOG. If not claimed
within three days after this notice will be SOLD, to pay expenses.
—7, Richard's-terrace, Campbell-road, Bromley.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £151 18s. Consolidated 3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of JOHN WOOD¬
ROW, of Ryde, Isle of Wight, Esq., and JOHN CHURCHER, of
Wickham, Hampshire, gentleman, and which was transferred to the
said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having
remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1854;—Notice is hereby given,
that, on the expiration of three months from this, date, the said Stock
will be Transferred and the Dividends thereon paid to the said John
Woodrow and John Churcher, who have claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £150 13s. 10d. New Three
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of JOHN
SHUCKBURGH HOW, of Tiverton, Devon, Esq., and Rev. JOHN
BROWNE, of Bandon, county of Cork, LL.D., and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1854;—Notice
is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to
the said John Shuckburgh How and John Browne, who have claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of £4,000
Consolidated Three per Cent. Annuities, and one dividend on
£938 13s. 2d. like Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of JOHN
WAINWRIGHT, of Cheam, Surrey, Esq., deceased, and which dividends
were paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National
Debt (in consequence of the first thereof having remained unclaimed
since the 5th January, 1848;—Notice is hereby given that, on the ex¬
piration of three months from this date, the said Dividends will be
paid to John Wainwright, surviving executor of John Wainwright,
deceased, who was the surviving executor of the abovenamed John
Wainwright, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IF Mrs. PAGE, who, in 1858, resided at 49, Dover¬
street, Piccadilly, and recently at 25, Upper Eaton-street, Pimlico,
does NOT FETCH AWAY the GOODS deposited at the Clarendon
Pantechnicon, within seven days from this date, they will then be
SOLD to defray the expenses incurred. —October 18, 1864.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP,
now or lately subsisting between us, the undersigned, John
Draper and William Tyler, in the trade or business of curriers and
leather-dressers, carried on by us at Ladies'-lane, in the town of
Northampton, has been this day DISSOLVED by mutual consent;
and all debts due and payable to or by our said late firm, or on our
account as partners, are to be received and paid by the said John
Draper exclusively. —Dated the 17th day of October, 1864.
JOHN DRAPER.
Witness—William Dennis.	WILLIAM TYLER.
INDIARUBBER TOBACCO POUCHES.—We
CAUTION the public not to be misled by advertisements issued
by Mr. Horsey, threatening to take proceedings against sellers of India¬
rubber tobacco pouches manufactured by us. We claim to have an
equal right with Mr. Horsey to manufacture and sell such pouches,
and have taken legal proceedings to revoke the patent referred to by
him, and we undertake to indemnify all persons selling our pouches
anainst any proceedings which may be taken against them by Mr.
Horsey. —Dated this 15th day of October, 1864.
MOTT and NICKELS, Indiarubber Works, Lea-bridge-road.
Witness—J. H. Triston, solicitor, 18, Barge-yard-chambers, Buck¬
ersbury, E.C.
MAVANA CIGARS.—Important to Smoking Con¬
noisseurs.—Messrs. J. H. WOLFF and Co., general shipping
and commission agents, Southampton, beg to announce, that, in con¬
junction with their correspondents in Havana, they have extended
their establishments for the supply to the general public of genu¬
ine HAVANA CIGARS and TOBACCO. The various cigars in¬
troduced by J. H. Wolff and Co. are selected by their own agents
in Havana, from the choicest brands produced in the Island of
Cuba, and are imported direct by the Royal Mail Steamers into
their warehouses in the Southampton Docks, embracing the most ex¬
cellent descriptions, and such as have hitherto been rarely brought into
the European markets, the agency having been established some years
back to secure for consumption in this country and to supply to the
public at moderate prices cigars of genuine Havana manufacture of the
most delicate brands, instead of cigars of British and continental make,
so constantly palmed off by the dealers. Consumers can select their brands
and be supplied direct from the warehouses of J. H. Wolff and Co.,
No. 2. Canute-road. Docks, Southampton, or from the following special
agents: London, Elves and Macey, 61, King William-street; D. Miller,
No. 61, Cheapside; H. Coleman and Co., 28, Regent-street, Waterloo¬
place; Liverpool, J. R. Isaac. 62, Castle-street; Manchester, Alfred Sim¬
mous, 21, Cross-street; Bradford, Yorkshire, B. Wild and Co.; Leeds,
J. Witham: Leamington, J. Knibb; Southampton, G. Phillips and
Co., 12, High-Street; Birmingham, W. H. Goddard, 1, Friday-bridge;
Plymouth, C. G. Gibson, Central-hall Stores; Brighton, John Phillips,
No. 154, Marine-parade. N.B. Applications for agencies will be con¬
sidered from respectable parties, willing (for the protection of the pub¬
lic) to undertake to supply only the cigars and tobacco guaranteed by
this establishment. Price lists forwarded on application to J. H.
Wolff and Co., or their agents.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz.:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
THE LATE FIRE at the CHAPEL ROYAL,
SAVOY.—JAMES A. FINNEY, tailor, &c., begs to inform his
numerous patrons that through the entire destruction of his premises
at 169, Strand, caused by the late fire, he has now REMOVED his
BUSINESS to 55, Strand, two doors west of Messrs. Contts' bank.
REMOVAL.—Mr. HARRY EMANUEL, jeweller
&c., to the Queen, begs to announce that, having sold his premise
in Brook-street, he has REMOVED to 18, New Bond-street, and
No. 12, Clifford-street.
NOTICE.—Carriages can now set down at PETER
ROBINSON's Oxford-street entrances, and may be approached
by Argyll-street, during the re-paving of the street.
REPAVING of OXFORD-STREET.—WILLIAM
S. BURTON, furnishing ironmonger by appointment to H.R.H.
the Prince of Wales, 39, Oxford-street, 1, la, 2, 3, and 4, Newman¬
street, 4, 5, and 6, Perry's-place, and 1, Newman-yard, begs to inform
his customers and the public generally that carriages can now drive up
to all the different entrances of his establishment.
SMYTH's MILLINERY ROOMS, 109, Oxford¬
street, and 276, Regent-street.—Notice.—During the re-paving of
Oxford-street the CARRIAGE ENTRANCE will be confined to
No. 276, Regent-street, one door north of the Circus.
NOTICE.—Mr. WATHERSTON (late of Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden), goldsmith, begs respectfully to inform
the nobility and gentry that his late partnership having been dissolved,
he now carries on the same system of business at 12, Pall-mall east,
adjoining the National Gallery, under the firm of Watherston and Son.
NOTICE.—Removal.—The BUSINESS of PETER
ROBINSON's MOURNING WAREHOUSE, 103 and 104, Ox¬
ford-street, will shortly be REMOVED to more extensive premises
(late Hodge, Lowman, and Orchard's), 256 to 262, Regent-street, of
which due notice will be given.
MOM(EOPATHIC CHYMISTS.—Messrs. LEATH
nd ROSS, chymists by appointment to the London Homeo¬
pathic Hospital, respectfully inform their customers that business is
carried on as usual during the enlargement of premises, at 9, Vere¬
street, Oxford-street, W.
MOMGEOPATHIC PHARMACY TAUGHT in
10 lessons (fee 10 guineas), by Mr. ACLAND, 26, Bryanston-¬
street, Portman-square, near the Marble Arch. At home daily from
10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
CHOCOLAT-MENIER.—Notice of Removal.—The
ully informed that the LONRON
BRANCH HOUSE is REMOVED from the temporary addresses,
No. 119, Chancery-lane, and 61, King's-cross-road, to 23, Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden, W. C., where all orders should be sent.
IMITHFIELD CLUB CATTLE SHOW 1864.—
SPACE to be LET, in the NEW ARCADE ENTRANCE to the
Cattle Show, for the exhibition and sale of carriages, harness, saddlery,
waterproof clothing, railway rugs, garden implements, and machinery
for domestic use, &c. For terms apply at the Secretary's office, Agri¬
cultural-hall, Barford-street, Islington, N.
MAGICAL and CONJURING REPOSITORY,
for the sale of Conjuring Tricks and Magical Apparatus. The
largest and most beautiful collection in the world. A variety of wonder¬
ful novelties in the mystic art for the present season. Full instructions
sent with country orders. Catalogues gratis. Evening parties at¬
tended.—478, New Oxford-street. Proprietor—J. BLAND.
CAUTION to PHOTOGRAPHERS.—The EN¬
GRAVING entitled "Deceiving Granny" is a COPYRIGHT
PLATE of Mr. W. Tegg's. Any parties offering for sale copies of the
above plate will subject themselves to an action at law.—121, Pancras¬
ane, city of London.
