WELL-WISHER.—Many thanks for your good
advice.
MENRY P.—LETTER RECEIVED January
1st. Return home immediately. All right.—H. P., Southamp¬
THE CRUELLEST WRONG of ALL. Not in the
slightest hurt. Thought it the most natural thing in the world.
The cruellest wrong of all is not to have a personal knowledge of
Jesus; wrongs Him—wrongs oneself.
B. B., a lad, 18 years of age, who arrived 18th
Dec., per Dovor Castle, from Melbourne, has not since been
ard of. INFORMATION as to his present whereabouts will be
REWARDED by Mr. POLLAKY, Private Inquiry office, 13, Pad¬
dington-green.
TAYLOR, Mr. or Mrs., late of Melbourne-place,
Aston-road, Birmingham, are earnestly requested to forward
their present ADDRESS to Mr. Robert Boulton, solicitor, 11, Berners¬
street, W., as it is desired to communicate with them in respect to
their relations at Toronto.
CAB ACCIDENT to a GENTLEMAN, at the corner
f Bond-street, Oxford-street.—Any person or persons who
witnessed a gentleman knocked down and driven over by a Hansom
cabman, on Tuesday evening, the 28th Dec., at the crossing at the
corner of Bond-Street, Oxford-street, are earnestly requested to Call,
e
THE SECRETARY of the POOR CLERGY RELIEF
SOCIETY, as requested, ACKNOWLEDGES, with sincere
thanks, the RECEPT of £1 10s., from A. C. C.
Society's offices, 36, Southampton-Street, Strand.
ROYAL NATIONAL LIFEBOAT INSTITU¬
TION.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RE¬
CEIPT of £5, collected from the Officers and Passengers of the Cape
Royal Mail Steamer Norseman, per favour of Lieut. Ker, R.N.R., the
Commander.—14, John-Street, Adelphi, January 1, 1870.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—Frandu¬
lent Bankruptcy. Whereas SIMON LAARS (otherwise Simon
Hyman Laars), lately trading as a draper at No. 11. St. Leonard's¬
terrace, Maida-hill, London, in the name of Mme. H. Doodewaard,
hath ABSCONDED from England, having previously disposed of large
quantities of his goods in frand of his creditors; and whereas the said
Simon Laars hath been adjudged bankrupt, and the first meet¬
ing of creditors under the said bankruptey takes place at the
London Court of Bankruptcy on the 11th January, at 1 o'clock;
and whereas a warrant has been granted for the apprehension of the
said Simon Laars for fraud, and other warrants have been granted
for the apprehension of Harriette, his wife (commonly called
Mme. Doodewaard), Mouritz Speelman, Rose, his wife, Alex¬
ander Speelman, and Isaac Doodeward (alias "Henrie"), for
aiding and abetting therein: The above reward of £100 will be
paid to any berson who will give such information as shall
lead to the apprehension of the said persons under such warrants.
Description of Laars:—A Dutch Jew, height 5 feet 6 inches, gray
hair and whiskers, shaved under chin, large nose, coarse skin, stout
build, large feet, small hands, age between 50 and 60, speaks English
imperfectly. Description of Harriette Laars (otherwise Mme.
Doodewaard):—A Dutch Jewess, tall, very stont, broad shoulders,
dark eyes, dark, ruddy complexion, dark hair (turning gray), usually
well and gally dressed, frequently wearing a French woven
filled shawl, no eyebrows, speaks English (Dutch accent). Description
of Mouritz Speelman:—A Dutch Jew, height about 5 feet 6 inches,
slim build, dark hair, moustache and whiskers, pale complexion, age
30 to 35. Speaks English well. The parties have in their possession
the following Bank of England notes, the proceeds of the said frands,
payment of which notes has been stopped:—
£200, 21045, 11th Aug., 1869. £100, 35100, 10th Sept., 1869.
£8100, 35242, 10th Sept.
34308,0


t

138900

.

24180 00

1741.


2888, 9th Aug.
75, 8th Oct.
£10, 00110,
7th Aug.
1
49622, 0
Communications to
to e , shurst, Morris, and Co., Old
Jewry, London; or to Inspector Bailey, City of London Police, Old
.
DIBLE LOST, Sunday evening, Dec. 19, between St.
Andrew's, Wells-street, and 15, Somers-place, W.—a Polyglot
Bible., Medallion inside, inscribed "M. J. M. 1855." Any poor per¬
son taking the same to above address shall be REWARDED.
TO CABMEN.—LEFT in a CAB, on the 17th ult.,
going from Regent-street to Cleveland-gardens, a RED SHAWL.
Whoever will take the same to 2, New Burlington-street, W., shall re¬
—
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, 31st De¬
cember, a BUNCH of KEYS, on steel ring—four Bramah's, one
broken. Information to Housekeeper, 21, Cannon-street, city, or Mr.
Meaden, High-Street, Clapham.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the night
of the 24th ult., between Charles-street, Berkeley-square, and the
Queen's Theatre, Long-acre, an ONYX HEART-SHAPED LOCKET,
set with diamonds. Whoever will take the same to Messrs. Sharp and
Hale, 4 Berkeley-square, shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, last week, a £10 BANK of ENGLAND
NOTE. By forwarding number and date to C. R. Crossley,
No. 17, Moorgate-street, E.C., the owner can have it on paying ex¬

BILL of EXCHANGE LOST. It is dated 6th
December, 1869, for £259 2s. 9d., accepted by J. R. Chidley, Esq.,
No. 25, Old Jewry, and payable to drawer's order two months after
date, payment of which has been stopped. It was, when lost, neither
drawn nor endorsed. Any person able to give information relative to
the whereabouts of the bill is requested to communicate with Messrs.
Hy. Fredk, and Edwd. Chester, solicitors, 86, Newington-butts.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 5,035.—The NORTHUMBRIA and the HESPERIA.
—Whereas in a cause of Limitation of Liability, instituted in the
High Court of Admiralty of England, on behalf of John Fenwick,
John Fenwick, the younger, Clennell Fenwick, Richard Cory, John
Joicey, Edward Joicey, John Nixon, and Samuel Williams, all of the
Coal Exchange, in the city of London, the owners of the screw steam¬
ship or vessel Northumbria, as plaintifis, against Edward Jarvis, of
Salcombe, in the county of Devon, and others, the owners of the ship
or vessel Hesperia, the plaintiffs in a cause of Damage, intituled
the Northumbria, No. 5,032, and against all and every other person or
persons interested in the said vessel Hesperia, or the cargo or effects
laden therein, or having any right, claim, or interest with reference
to or arising out of the collision which occurred on or about the 20th
day of August, 1869, between the said vessels Northumbris and Hes¬
peria, the Judge of the said Court did, on the 23d day of November,
1869, among other things, pronounce that, in respect of loss or damage
to ships, igoods, merchandize, or other things caused by reason of
the improper navigation of the said vessel Northumbria, on the occa¬
sion of the aforesaid collision, the owners of the said vessel North¬
umbria are answerable in damages to an amount not exceeding
£7,197, such sum being at the rate of £8 for each ton of the registered
tonnage of the said vessel Northumbria, without deduction on account
of engine room. This is therefore to give notice to all persons having
any CLAIM in respect of the loss or damage caused as aforesaid,
that, if they do not come in and enter their claims in the said cause,
"No. 5,035," on or before the 23d day of February, 1870, they will be
excluded from sharing in the aforesaid amount.—Dated this 24th
day of December, 1869.
H. C. ROTHERY, Regr.
Taken out by Hillyer and Fenwick, 12, Fenchurch-Street, London.
COMMERCIAL and GENERAL CO-OPERATIVE
SOCIETY (Limited).—ASSOCIATES TICKETS for this Society
for the year 1870 may be had, price 2s. 6d., on application to the Mana¬
agn
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON,
bears the label, used so many years, signed
"Elizabeth Lazenby."
CAUTION.—The CHEF SAUCE, creamy and with¬
out sediment.—A power of attorney has been sent to Melbourne
for the purpose of punishing an impudent piracy of this celebrated
condiment.—. DESPLACE, 28, Great Winchester-street, E.C., sole
proprigtor.
CAUTION.—BETTS'S CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of capsules made in contravention
of his rights, which necessarily are numerous, Betts being the original
inventor and sole maker in the United Kingdom.—1, Wharf-road,
City-road, London; and Bordeaux, France.—April 8, 1869.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHERS QUEEN'S READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPE LAMPS, as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family.—The public are CAUTIONED against
inferior imitations, M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-street, being
the sole inventor and manufacturer of these celehrated lamps. Draw¬
ings and prices post free. No agents.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Measrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted and registered achromatic lenses should
apply only direct to them, at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
CAUTION.—NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA, manu¬
facturers to the Greenwich Observatory and the British and
foreign Goveruments, beg to acquaint their customers that they have
no travellers or agents for their OPERA or RACE GLASSES, patent
meteorological or optical instruments, which are only to be obtained at
their several establishments, 103, Hatton-garden; 59, Cornhill; 122, Re¬
gent-street; 153, Fleet-street; and Crystal Palace, Sydenham.
CAUTION.—The THREE-GUINEA GOLD
BRIDESMAID'S LOCKET, of best workmanship, gold opening
back to contain two miniatures and any initials, in fine pearls, tur¬
quoises, coral, or coloured emamels, can only be obtained of the re¬
gistered designers and inventors, Messrs. HOWELL, JAMES, and
Co., jewellers to the Royal Family, 5, 7, 9, Regent-street, Pall-mall,
Five per cent, discount allowed for cash.
CAUTION.—LLOYD'S EUXESIS, for Shaving
without Soap or Water.—The public are hereby informed that,
in pursuance of a decretal order of the Court of Chancery, made in a
suit for the administration of the estate of the late Audrew Solomon
Lloyd, we have purchased of the executrix the business carried on by
the late A. S. Lloyd as a perfumer, together with the exclusive right
to and interest in the article known as "Lloyd's Euxesis." We, there¬
fore, caution the public that the genuine Lloyd's Euxesis bears only
the origipal signature and address, namely, "A. S. Lloyd, No. 27, Glass¬
house-street," where it can be obtained as formerly.
R. HOVENDEN and SONS, 27, Glasshouse-street, Regent¬
street, London, W.
THE public are CAUTIONED against IMITA¬
TIONS of the NEW VELLUM WOVE CLUB-HOUSE NOTE.
This paper has been manufactured to meet the universally-experienced
want—le., a paper which shall in itself combine a perfectly smooth
surface with total freedom from grease. It is made from the best linen
rags only, possesses great tenacity and durability, and is equally well
adapted for quill or steel pen. Sample packet post free for 18 stamps.
(Signed) PARTRIDGE and COOPER, sole manufacturers
and vendors, 192, Fleet-street, E.C.
NOTICE.—CHRISTMAS and NEW YEAR'S
GIFTS in FURNITURE.—JOHN HENRY SMEE and Co.'s
special designs for this season are registered at Stationers'-hall, and
will be sent free by post upon application, addressed in full, to 20, Fins¬
bury-pavement, Moorgate Terminus.
NOTICE.—Messrs. D. NICOLL and Co., Merchants
and Wholesale Clothiers, corner of Fell and Monkwell streets,
Wood-street, London, have to announce that they do not in any
way sell goods retail, but will forward the addresses of their agents

"The Rug Paletot, varying from half-a-guinea to a guinea, places
it within the reach of all."—Draper.
"Anything better looking of its kind has never been devised."—
Observer.
"The fame of this frm as patentees of improved garments is well
know. The Rug Paletot is formed to fit anybody either as a cloak for
the shoulders or as a railway rug for the knees."—Sunday Times.
"It cannot disarrange full dress costume; indeed. y

dinner wray) over evening dress has ever before been invented.

All Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co.'s fashionable garments sustain a re¬
putation of more than a quarter of a century's standing, and in retiring
from the retail and adhering to the wholesale trade, the opportunity
has been enlarged for the public to obtain Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co.'s
manufactures through more than 500 agencies.
DEATHS.
On the 1st Jan., at Leighton Lodge, Addiscombe, Surrey, the wife of
Mr. E. Gouon.
On the 1st Jan., at Forres-place, East India Dock-road, after a long
and painful illness, borne with Christian fortitude, JAMES SELYE,
Esq., in his 75d year. Friends at a distance, pleass accept this inti¬
mation.
On the 2d Jan.,
Ae  widow of the late Mr.
THOMas GILxs, of the East and West India Dock Company's service,
aged 77.
On the 3d Jan.
e Pownall-road, Dal
and of Harts-hill
Cottage, Brierley-hill, Dudley, Staffordshire, Mr. ThoMAs WIGHT.

On the 2d Jan., at Elstree House, Bath, Joux MACKARNEss, Esq.,
in his 76th year.
On the 2d Jan., at 7, Vassal-terrace, Kensington, W., very suddenly,
THoMAS ToD, only son of the late THoMAs (Ton MARDoN, jun., Esq.,
aged 13 months and 12 days.
On the 2d Jan., at her residence, 6, Hyde-park-gardens, MARIA,
widow of the late HENRY DAWES, Esq., of Highbury.
On the 2d Jan., after a short illness, at his residence, 24, Glocester¬
place, Hyde-park-gardens, SAMUEL LYon on Sxmons, Esq., in the

On the 3d Jan., at his residence, 2, Albany-court-yard, Piccadilly,
JouN HAnnISON, F.R.C.S., aged 62.
On the 3d Jan., FRANcis Josxen, infant son of Mr. THoAS
Ricuann FARROW, of No. 33, Westbourne-park-road, aged nine
months.
On the 3 Jan., at
BRRo LAW,
