EDITH.—The middle of August has come and gone,
but have received no letter. Are you unwell ? Do WRITE.—
Ever the same, FAIRLIGH
F. P., who some few years ago resided at 119, Glou¬
cester-road, Hyde-park, and previous to that at Leighton-road,
N.W., by writing to Mrs. E., The Field, Stroud, Gloucestershire,
would RECEIVE the MUSIC BOOKS lent some years ago.
—I am very sorry, but I do not see how I can
do what you ask. Do try to see me where I am, where I may
be for a long time and where you first wrote from. If you will I can
send you some further address.—A. (Delayed.)
TO X. Y. Z.—The Future and Finale Sketches re¬
ceived August 10th, also letter July 18th. If X.Y. Z. will WRITE
again, always same address, saying where a letter will reach them
safely. Their present address will not do. Something of the greatest
importance to communicate.—Yours, Semper cadem, L.
BLAKE and SHERIDAN.—Persons descended from
any brother or sister of Sir FRANCIS BLAKE, late of Twisel
Castle, near Coldstream, who married Jane Neale, and died in 1860,
are requested to COMMUNICATE with Thomas Ireland, 71, Clerk¬
street, Edinburgh, acting for Sheridans.
NOU possess my most profound sympatny, especially
for a recent event intended partly to prevent the attainment of
your wishes, and in other respects for reasons all well-wishers de¬
voutly trust may not be true. Respect and esteem would return if
your word could be personally given that nothing had ever been done
to cause in any degree the rumours your conscience may or should
suggest, therefore keep a good heart; but wny continue to bope under
existing circumstances to which you must be a party? Your thoughts
of past events, and lost opportunities which may be regretted, surely
can scarcely justify your saying "Trust me?" True manhood should
be trusting, but it should be reciprocated, and virtual promises and
engagements honourably fulailed. Why should you again be trusted?
No: it cannot be without explanations and promises which only you
can give ; and it now remains for you to trustfully inform me of any
measures you intend to take which would make me keep a good heart
and hope ; in which case all would end as 1 am dying for.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the Re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the Natonal Debt of the sum of £100 Consolidated £3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of WILLIAM ASH¬
FORD HARRISON, of 4, Bentley-place, Kingsland, Cheesemonger,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence
of the Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th
January, 1357;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
mouths from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon Paid, to William Ashford Harrison, who has
clainted the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
LOADON HOSPITAL, Whitechapel-road, E., 28th
August. 1877.—The House Committes very gratefully AC¬
KNOWLEDGE the RECEPT of £10 from Mrs. G. Watson, and of
£31 10s. from the London Brewers' sugar Company, by Edwd. Beanes,
in aid of this Cuurity.—A. G. SNELGROVE, Secretary.
WESTMINSTER HOSPITAL, Broad Sanctuary,
S.W.—President, His Grace the Duke of WESTMINSTER,
K.G.—The House Committee have the pleasure to ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEPT of the following CONTRIBUTIONS:—£25, to the
Reparation Fund, from Charles Wood, Esq.; and a new annual sub¬
scription of £3 3s., to the General Fund, from Christopher Donalu¬
ion, Esq.—P. P. BOUVERIE, Treasurer.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in July, a
DIAMOND RING, enamelled blue ; supposed in neighpour¬
hood of Chelsea. Apply C., 23, King's-road, S.W.
CHREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, Sunday last,
at Sunbury-on-Thames, GOLD WATCH and CHAIN, between
the Lock and Weir Hotel. Whoever will take the same to 73. Buck¬
ingham Palace-road, S.W., shall receive the above reward.
NE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—LOST,
on August 23d, supposed to have been dropped between Messrs.
F. G. Beaton and Co.'s Auction Sale Rooms, 44, Basinghall-street, and
Moorgate-street Railway Station, a POCKET-BOOK, containing 10
Bank of England notes for £100 each, bearing consecutive numpers
from 0.18678 to 0.18687 ; also Five Notes, £5 each, marked Nos. C23212
to 022216; together with two Dock Warrants and priva e papers,
only of value to the owners. Payment of notes is stopped. The
above reward will be paid on restoring the pocket-book and contents
o Messrs. F. G. Beaton and Co., 44. Basinghall-street, E.C.
BLACK LEATHER BAG, taken by mistake by the
advertiser, who travelled first class from London-bridge to
Croydon on the evening of the 24th inst., and who left his own bag in
the carriage. Owner can have the same by giving description and
applying at Lost Property office, London-bridge Railway Terminus.
ONE THOUSAND POUNDS REWARD.—
STOLEN, between 8.30 p.m., on the 25th, and 7 a.m., on the
2oth May, 1876, from the Picture Gallery, No. 39B, Old Bond-street,
the celebrated OIL PAINTING, by Gamsborough, of the buchess of
Devonshire, size 60 inches by 45 inches, without frame or stretcher,
The above reward will be paid by Messrs. Agnew and Sous, No. 39B,
Old Bond-street, to any person who shall give such information as
will lead to the apprenension and conviction of the thief or thieres
and recovery of the painting. Information to Superintendent
Williamson, Detective Department, Great Scotland-yard, London. S. W.
STROUD and CHALFORD TURNPIKE TRUST.
—Notice is hereby given, that the above Trust will expire on the
1st day of November next, and that all persons having any CLAIMS in
respect of any PRINCIPAL MONIES, or INTEREST, secured upon
the Revenues of such Trust, must send particulars thereof to me on
or before the 30th day of October next, after which date no claim will
be received for any such principal monies or interest, and so much of
the Mortgage Debt of the said Trust as consists of principal monies or
interest for which no claim has been sent in will be extinguished.—
Dated this 27th day of August, 1877.
Stroud, Gloucestershire. E. C. LITTLE, Clerk to the Trustees.
IMBOLTON TURNPIKE ROAD.—Pursuant to
section 19 of the Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1871,
nouce is hereby given, that all CLAiMs in respect of any PRIN¬
CIPAL MONEY or INTEREST secured upon the revenues of the
Kimboiton Turnplke-road must be sent in writing to the undersigned,
Samuel Day, of Saint Neot's, in the County of Huntingdon, the Clerk
to the Trustees of the said Road, on or belore the 27th day of October
next, after which day no claim will be received for any prindipal money
or interest. —Dated this 27th day of Auguet, 1877.
SAML. DAY, Clerk to the said Trustees, St. Neot's, Hunts.
TURNPIKE ROAD from STURRY STREET to
HERNE BAY.—Notice is hereby given, that by virtue of "The
Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1871," the Local Act for the
above Trust will expire on the 1st day of November, 1877. And notice
is further given, that pursuant to the said Act all CLAIMS in respect
of any PRINCIPAL MONEYS or INTEREST secured upon the
revenues of such Road must be sent in wrining to the undersigned (the
Clerss of the Trust) on or before the 1st day of November, 1877; and
that after the said 1st day of November, 1877, no claim shall be re¬
ceived for any such principal moneys or interest, and so much of the
mortgage deot of the said Trust as consists of principal moneys or in¬
terest for which no claim has been sent in shall be extinguished.
PLUMMER and FIELDING, Clerks to the Trustees
of the said Turnpike Road.
Canterbury, 25th August, 1877.
MARSHFIELD DISTRICT of TURNPIKE
TRUST, in the counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and Somerset.—
Rouce is hereby given, that by virtue of the Annual Turnpike Acts
Contmuance Act, 1875, the Local Act for the above Trust will expire
on the 1st day of November next, and that pursuant to the Act of 37
and 38 Victoria, cap. 95, Section 10, on or before the 3d day of Novem¬
ber next all CLAIMS in respect of any PRINCIPAL MONEYS or
INTEREST secured upon the revenues of such frust are required to be
sent in writing to me, the undersignec, the Clerk of the said Trust; and
after the exprration of the last-mentioned time no claim can be re¬
ceived for any such principal money or interest, and so much of the
mortgage debt of the said frust as cousists of principal moneys or
interest for which no claim has been sent in, will be extinguished.
JOHN TRENFIELD, Clerk to the said frust.
Chipping Sodbury, August 31st, 187.
PRESTEIGN TURNPIKE TRUST.—Pursuant to
the Act of Parliament 34 and 35 Victoria, chapter 115, the Trus¬
tees of the above-mentioned Trust do hereby give notice, that all per¬
sons having any CLAIM in respect of any PRINCIPAL MONEYS or
INTEREST secured upon the Revenues of the said Trust are to send
in writing particulars of such claim to Thomas sale, of Leominster, in
the County of Hereford, Clerk to the Trust, on or before the 1st day
of Novemper, 1877.
After the expiration of the time above specified no claim can be re¬
ceived for any such principal moneys or interest, and so much of the
Morgage Debt of the said Trust as consists of principal moneys or
interest for which no claim shall be sent in on or before the said 1st
day of Novemperswill be extinguished. By order,
THOMAS SALE, Clerk to the Trustees.
Leominster, August 20th, 1877.
BRIDPORT TURNPIKE.—First District.—Notice
is hereby given, that the term of the Bridport Local Act which
nas peen himited by the Annual Turnpike Connnuance Act, 1876, to
the 1st of November, 1877, and no longer, will cease on that day. All
CREDITORS having CLAIMS on this Trust are therefore requested
to send the particuars thereof to me, on or before the 18th October
next, after the expiration of which time the Trustees will proceed to
distribute the assets of the said Trust among the parties entitied
thereto, having regard only to the debts, claims, and demands of
which they suall then have had notice, ann the said Trustees will not
be hable for the assets so distributed or any part tnereof to any person
or persons of whose debts, claims, or demands they shall not then
have had notice. — Dated 23d August, 1877.
D. READ Clerk to the Trustees.
BROUGHAM-BRIDGE TURNPIKE TRUST.—
Notice is herepy given (pursuant to an Act of Parlament of
the 34th and 35th Vic., c. 118), that all persons having any CLAIMS in
respect of PRINCIPAL MONEYS and INTEREST secured upon
the revenues of the above Turnpike Trust (and which Trust, by virtue
of the Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1874, will expire on
the 1st day of November, 1877), are required, on or before the 8th
day of Nevember next, to send to Mr. William Hutchinson, of Hornby¬
hail, near Penrith, the Clerk to the said Trust, particulars, in writing,
of such claims, with the names and andresses of the respective
clamants. And notice is hereby further given, that after the said 8th
day of November all Mortgage Debts of the said Trust as consist of
principal moneys or interest for which no claim has been sent in as
atoresaid will, by virtue of the said Act, be extinguished.—Dated this
20th day of August, 1877.
EDWARD HEELIS, Appleby, Solicitor to the said Trust.
GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY.—Notice is hereby
given, that all ARTICLES FOUND in the carriages, or on the
premises of this Company, including the Hammersmith and City and
West London Extension Lines, and all parceis and articies received
for conveyance by goods and passenger trains, up to December 31et,
1846, the consignees of which eitner nave not been found or have re¬
fused them, wil be SOLD by Public AUCTION, if not claimed
within one month from this date.
J. GRIERSON, General Manager.
Paddington, August 28, 1877.
CHANGE of NAME.—Samuel Makepeace, formerly
Samuel Wildams, otherwise Samuel Makepeace Williams.—
Nocice is hereby given, that 1, Samuel Makepeace, of Washington-¬
villa, Tunbridge-weils, in the county of Kent, gentleman, some time
since known by the name of SAMUEL WILLIAMS, otherwise Samuel
Makepeace Williams, have by deed poll dated the 13th day of August,
1377, under my hand and seal, withessed by William Wilson Wheeler
and John Frederick Sargeant, both of Wokingham, in the county of
Berks, Solicitors, and duly enroiled in the Chancery Division of the
Hign Court of Justice on the 17th day of August, 1847, absolutely
ASSUMED the SURNAME of MAKEPEACL in the place of the
surname of Williams or Makepeace Williams, and that henceforth I
shall contmnue to designate myself, and be designated, known, and
uistinguished by others, in all grants, deeds, will, assurances, and
other future instruments and documents whatsoever, and in all
actions, suits, and other proceedings whatsoever, to or in whien I may
become a party or be otherwise interested, and for every other pur¬
pose and on every other occasion whatsoever, as Samuel Makepeaco,
and I, the said Samuel Makepeace, do expreesly authorize and desire
every person whomsoever so to designate and describe me.—Dated
tmis 22d day of August, 1877.		SAMUEL MAKEPEACE.
Withess—Henry Woodhams, Tunbridge-wells, Gentleman.
NOTICE.—Technical Education.—The Silver Trade
and the City Companies.—The duty of 20 per cent. upon simver
saroons and forks, and of 129 per cent. upon articles of daily use, is an
insurmountable obstacle to the art-progress of the silver trade. Mem¬
pers of Parsiament (especially) and others interested in the success of
tccunical education are earnestly requested to lend a helping hand, in
order that the TAX (at once unjust and impoutic) may be
ABOLISHED during next session, so that the silver trade may par¬
take of the advantages offered by the scheme about to be propounded
by the City Compames. For further particulars address Edward J.
Watherston, Silversmith, 12, Pall-mall east. London.
REGISTRATION of TRADE MARKS.—The
CLASSIFIED COLLECTION of British and Foreign TRADE
MARKS may be referred to daily, between 11 and 4, by manufacturers
and merchants who have registered, or contemplate registering, under
the recent Acts. Admission free on presentation of card.—J. M.
Johnson and sons (Limited), 3, Castle-street, Holborn, London.
THENIAN MARBLE COMPANY (Limited).
—special Caution.—The public is WARNED against the
IMPROPER USE of OLD PATTERN BOOKS and PIECES of
MARBLE manufactured by this Company. New pattern sheets,
prices, and full particulars may be obtained of the Secretary, 6, Bil¬
liter-street, London, E.C. No connexion with any patented process
whatever.
FIVIL SERVICE SUPPLY ASSOCIATION
(Limited).—Notice.—The STORES of the Association will be
CLOSED on Saturday. September the 1st, for the usual half-yearly
stock taking. By order of the Committee of Management
WM. RODGERS, Secretary.
No. 136, Queen Victoria-street, E.C., August 22d, 1877.
WHOOTING.—GUN WANTED. Over 400 acres.
Address Medicus, W. J. Ricketts, Esq.'s, Frederick-street,
Gray's-inn-road, London.
EXCELLENT SPORT in WARREN (bracing air)
to be LET, with good furnished house, on sea-shore ; three
saitting, seven bed rooms; capital stabling, water, &c.—A. Z., post¬
office. Leiston, Suffolk.
PARTRIDGE SHOOTING, of the best description;
7,000 acres, 2,500, and 1,500 acres, with or without residences, in
favourite counties. Easily accessible. Rents, inclusive of keepers'
wages, moderate. Apply to Messrs. Edwin Smith and Co., Land
Agents, 302, Regent-strett. W.
