TO the C.—Many happy returns of the 25th of May¬
F. S., who (at one time) coresponded with A. N.,
is requested to MAKE KNOWN ADDRESS. The last letter
received by A. N. from A. F. S. was dated "Hanover, 18th Decem¬

TWENTY-FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—
MISSING, since the 15th of this month, a YOUNG ENG¬
LISH LADY, 16 years of age, of prepossessing appearance, wavy
auburn hair, small brown eyes and beautiful complexion, of remark¬
ably good figure, dressed, when leaving home, in a small brown and
white check silk dress, black silk mantle with capuchin, straw bonne
with blue strings, linen of superior quality and marked "M. A. R. W."
Supposed to be now in company with a foreigner wearing a slight mous¬
tache, but no whiskers. The above reward will be paid to any one who
will inform of the present whereabouts of the fugitives.—Ig. Pollaky,
private continental inquiry office. 14, George-st., Mansion-house, city.
LOST, a SIGNET RING, with double crest. Who¬
ever brings it to the porter of the St. James's Club shall receive
THREE GUINEAS REWARD.
LOST, supposed to have been dropped in the Inter¬
national Exhibition, on Thursday, May 22, a BUNCH of KEYS
s.
street west, Hyde-park-square, W., shall receive FIVE SHILLINGS

BUNCH of KEYS LOST, on Friday, 23d inst¬
between Wimpole-street and Regent-street. ONE POUND
REWARD if brought to Nash's library, 4, Upper Weymouth-street,
Portland-place, W.
SEASON TICKET LOST, on Friday afternoon,
near Belgrave-square—a season ticket for the International Ex¬
hibition. Any person bringing the same to the Carlton Club, Pall¬
mall, shall be REWARDED.
TO CABMEN.—If the CABMAN, who (last Thurs¬
day evening) took a lady and gentleman from Her Majesty
Theatre to 40, Bryanston-street, will RETURN the OPERA-GLASS
LEFT in his CAB to the above address he shall be handsomely RE¬
WARDED.
CAME ASTRAY, on Thursday last, a BLACK DOG.
The owner can have the same by a proper description and paying
expenses of this advertisement. Apply at King's, 12, Paddington¬

GEORGE THOMAS.—If the SISTER of GEORGE
THOMAS, seaman, who was for some time employed on board
a schooner vessel called the Wizard, will apply to Mr. Hanrott, 15, Bed
ford-row, London, she will HEAR SOMETHING to her ADVANTAGE.
TO CLERFYMEN, Parish Clerks, &c.—FIVE
POUNDS REWARD will be given for the discovery of the
REGISTER of the BAPTISM of MARTHA, daughter of JOHN and
ALICE CLAYTON, in 1678 or thereabouts, probably in London or a
neighbouring county. Send to Messrs. Walters and Son, solicitors,
No. 36, Basinghall-Street, city, E.C.
A LEXANDER THOMSON.—FIVE GUINEAS
REWARD will be paid to any person who can give required
INFORMATION respecting ALEXANDER THOMSON, who (be¬
tween the years 1802 and 1813) resided in Somerset-street, Portman¬
square, London. Communication to be made to Messrs. Ridgway,
Brothers, and Drake, 28, Royal Exchange, E.C.
NOTICE.—If Mr. RICHARD BACON, who left
his situation on the Great Western Railway, at Birmingham,
about May, 1857, and who is supposed to have left England at that time,
will apply to Mr. G. Millard, solicitor, Axbridge, near Weston-super¬
Mare, Somerset, in consequence of the death of his grandmother,
Clarissa Loader, his brother, and elder sister, he will HEAR of SOME¬
THING to his ADVANTAGE. Everything has been satisfactorily
arranged at Birmingham. Should the said Richard Bacon not be
living, any person giving certain information of his death, and whether
he was married and has left any family, and who will apply to the said
G. Millard, shall be rewarded. —Dated 19th May, 1862.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sums of £396 1s. New Three per
Cent. Annuities and £62 10s. Reduced Three per Cent. Annuities,
heretofore standing in the name of THOMAS EDWARD AMYOT,
of Diss, Norfolk, Esq., and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed on and from the 5th April, 1852;—Notice is hereby given

Stocks will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to the
said Thomas Edward Amyot, who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
NOTICE.—Ship RECRUIT from SINGAPORE
and the CAPE.—The consignees of the cargo of this ship are
requested to REMOVE their GOODS, without delay, or they will be
landed and warehoused at their risk and expense.—Ewing, Nairne, and

FROM the LONDON GAZETTE:—"Whitehall,
May 9, 1862.—The Queen has been graciously pleased to give
and grant unto ROSAMOND ROBINSON, of Langton-hall, in the
parish of Langton, in the East Riding of the county of York, widow
and relict of Henry Robinson, of the city of York, gentleman, de¬
ceased, eldest of the two daughters and coheirs of Charles Best, of the
said city, Doctor of Medicine of the University of Edinburgh, by Mary
Norcliffe, his wife, fourth daughter or Thomas Norcliffe Norcliffe
(formerly Thomas Norcliffe Dalton), of Langton-hall, aforesaid, Esquire,
all deceased, Her Royal LICENCE and AUTHORITY that she may,
out of grateful respect to the memory of her uncle, Major-General
Norcliffe Norcliffe, deceased, and his wishes expressed in his lifetime,
henceforth TAKE the NAME of NORCLIFFE, and also bear the arms
of Norcliffe, and that such surname and arms may in like manner
be taken and borne by her issue, such arms being first duly exemplified
according to the laws of arms, and recorded in the Herald's office,
otherwise the said licence and permission to be void and of none effect,
And also to command that the said Royal concession and declaration
be recorded in the College of Arms."
NOTICE.—In the Matter of the ESTATE of
EDWARD TRESTON, deceased, late of Dehra Doon, in the
North-Western Provinces of India, Assistant Commissary of the Ord¬
nance Department, Bengal Establishment of the late Honourable
East India Company who died on the 25th March, 1849. —Whereas, by
a Decretal Order of the Supreme Court of Judicature, at Fort William,
in Bengal, made in a certain cause, wherein Edward Treston Connor,
by his next friend Roderick Clarke Connor, is plaintiff, and Charles Swin¬
ton Hogg, Administrator-General of Bengal, is defendant, being a
suit for the administration of the above estate, it was referred to
the Master of the said Court to inquire and report who are the persons
claiming or entitled to claim under the will of Edward Treston, the
above named deceased, under the description of the HEIRS or NEXT
of KIN, in the female line, of MARGARET TRESTON, widow of
Patrick Keaveney, late of Elm-square, near Dunmore, county Galway,
in Ircland, and who are the persons claiming or entitled to claim
under the same will, under the description of the female descendants,
or, in default of any, the male offspring next of kin of the following, or
the survivors of the families of Mrs. Margaret Keaveney, Mrs. Dillon,
John Treston, Mrs. Lyons, and Mrs. French, all of the county of Mayo,
Ireland, or the legal personal representative or representatives of such
of them as may be dead. All persons claiming to be entitled under
any of the above denominations are required to come in and prove
their respective claims before the Master of the said Court, at his office,
in the Court-house, Esplanade-row, Calcutta, before the 17th day of
September next.
JOSEPH GOODEVE, Master.
BERNERS, SANDERSON, and FERGUSSON,
Plaintiff's Solicitors.
Calcutta Supreme Court, Master's Office, March 17, 1862.
NOTICE is hereby given, that on the 7th day of
July next, APPLICATION will be made to Her Majesty's
Justices of the Peace, assembled at Quarter Sessions in and for the
County of Middlesex, at the Sessions House, Clerkenwell-green, in the
said county for an order for DIVERTING and TURNING a certain
HIGHWAY or FOOTWAY situate at Harrow Weeld, in the parish of
Harrow-on-the-hill, in the said county, described in the award of the
Commissioners of the Harrow Inclosure as a public footway branching
out of the public carriage road No. 3, on the plan attached to the said
award, and extending in a westwardly direction to Weald Coppice Farm,
and in lieu thereof to make a good and sufficient highway or footway,
which will be nearer and more commodious to the public. And that
the certificate of two of Her Majesty's justices of the peace for the said
county of Middlesex, having viewed the same, and proof given to their
satisfaction of the several notices required by the statute having been
published, with the plan of the old and proposed new highway or foot¬
way, and the consent of the owners of the land over which the proposed
new highway is intended to pass, will be lodged with the clerk of the
peace for the said county, on the 5th day of June next.—Dated this
30th day of April, 1862.
eees¬
Surveyors of the Parish
CHARLES BLACKWELL of Harrow-on-the-hill,
OAN SIMS
in the County of Mid¬

dlesex.
ST. PAUL, SHADWELL, Middlesex.—Notice is
hereby given, that on the 7th day of July next, APPLICATION
will be made to Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace assembled at
Quarter Sessions in and for the county of Middlesex, at the Sessions¬
house at Clerkenwell, in the said county, for an ORDER for DIVERT¬
ING the HIGHWAY, hereafter described, situate in the parish of St.
Paul, Shadwell, in the county of Middlesex, viz.:—The highway used
as a footway, and extending from Wapping-wall, in the said county, be¬
tween the houses recently pulled down and numbered 70 and 71, in
Wapping-wall aforesaid, to the landing-place, called King James'
Stairs, a length of 101 feet and four inches, and which highway or foot¬
way it is proposed to divert, by diverting the north end thereof in an
easterly direction 9 feet and the south end thereof 17 feet 6 inches, in
an easterly direction, and forming a new highway, to be used as a foot¬
way of 10 feet 6 inches in breadth and 102 feet 3 inches in length, and
running in a straight line from the said north end thereof to the said
south end thereof when so respectively diverted as aforesaid; and that
the cartificate of two justices, having viewed the same, with the plan of
the old and proposed new highway, will be lodged with the Clerk of the
Peace for the said county on the 31st day of May next. In witness
whereof, I. the undersigned, Thomas Wrake Ratcliff, have set my
hand, as Clerk to, and by order of, the Board of Works for the Lime¬
house District, acting as and being Surveyors of Highways for the
Parish of St. Paul, Shadwell, this 1st day of May, 1862.
THOS. W. RATCLIFF, Clerk to the Board of Works
for the Limehonse District.
Dean Colet-house, White Horse-street, Commercial-road, E.
MESSRS. FOWLER and WELLS LECTURE in
Clapham-hall, Clapham, May 26th and 27th. Subjects, "Utility
of Phrenology," "Perfection of Character." In Mr. Cook's New-hall,
No. 147, Fulham-road, S.W., May 29th, 30th, and 31st. Open at half¬
past 7, commence at 8. Consultations daily at 147, Strand. The New
Illustrated Self-Instructor in Phrenology, Physiology, and Physiog¬

LBERTLAND (Nonconformist Colony), New
Zealand.—The FAREWELL DEMONSTRATION, commemo¬
rative of the departure of the first thousand for the new colony of
Albertland, will take place Thursday next. May 29th, at the East India
Docks. The ships will sail from the North-west Quay, between 11 and
1 o'clock. The Hon. A. Kinnaird, M.P., E. Ball, Esq., M.P., T.
Barnes, Esq., M.P., G. Thompson, Esq., Harper Twelvetrees, Esq., and
other gentlemen are expected to take part in the proceedings Tickets
to the ships, &c., may be had of Mr. Brame, 293, City-road, E.C.
THE ST. GEORGE's CHALLENGE VASE, pre¬
sented to the Volunteer Battalions of Great Britain, ON VIEW,
at Messrs. Ortner and Houle's, 3, St. James's-street, S.W.
GRAND EXHIBITION of CANARIES, British
and foreign caged Birds, Pigeons, &c., at the Great Globe, Leices¬
ter-square, under distinguished patronage, commencing Monday, June
23, 1862.—The building is undergoing extensive alterations, and will be
made most suitable and agreeable in temperature, so that exhibitors
may with confidence send their most valuable birds from any part of
the world. List of prizes and certificates of entry are now ready and
can be obtained on application to Mr. Duncalf, secretary, Great Globe,
Leicester-square, London, by forwarding stamped directed envelope.
The entries close on Wednesday, June 18. Admission first day 2s. 6d.,
following days 1s.
WILLIS's ROOMS, 41, Brewer-street, St. James's,
V. W.—A. Von Humboldt.—A LECTURE on the LIFE and the
ACHIEVEMENTS of the celebrated Baron HUMBOLDT, THIS
EVENING, the 26th instant, at 8 o'clock, by F. A. SCHWAR¬
ZENBERG, B.A. Tickets, 3s., 2s., and 1s., may be had of Messrs.
Tribner and Co., publishers, Paternoster-row; and at the doors.
UX ETRANGERS et aux ANGLAIS.—On
Wednesday evening, 28th May, to commence at 8, Westbourne¬
hall, Westbourne-grove, Bayswater, Professor DE LABELLEVILLE's
ILLUSTRATED READING from the FRENCH POETS. Illustration
in English, with a selection of instrumental and vocal illustrating
music, from eminent artistes. Reserved seats 3s., stalls 2s., back seats
1s. Tickets and programmes may be had at Westbourne-hall; at
Austin's ticket office, St. James's-hall; of Cramer, Beale, and Wood,
No. 201, Regent-street; of Rudall, Rose, and Co., 20, Charing-cross;
and at 56, Brompton-row, S.W., near the Exhibition.
THE GREAT LONDON EXHIBITION of
FANCY and other DOGS will take place at the Holborn Horse
Repository. THIS DAY, and during the Week. Admission, this day,
2s. 6d.; following days, 1s. Pronounced by all sightseers the best
thing in London worth seeing. Degs from all parts of the werld.
AMATEUR THEATRICALS, Costume Balls,
Fêtes, &c.—Every requisite furnished in the most superb style at
Messrs. SIMMONS end SON's, the eminent costumiers, 4. Tavistock¬
street, Covent-garden. Their elegant portable theatres, to fit any size
froom or public hall, to be had on hire. Performances in aid of charities'

FOR SALE, at 40, Cranbourn-Street Leicester¬
square, the celebrated PICTURE (by Rogers), of Lord Exmouth's
Action before Algiers, a grand Gallery Painting.
INDIA and CHINA.—Now on VIEW, a collection
of PHOTOGRAPHIC VIEWS of PEKIN, the Summer Palace,
the Petho Forts, Canton, Hongkong, and the whole of the views taken
by Signor Beato during the campaign in China: also, all the views
taken during the Indian mutiny in 1857 of Delhi, Cawnpore, Lucknow,
agra, and Punjab, and portraits of the celebrities engaged during the
mutiny in India and the late war in China. The whole collection now
publishing at Mr. II. Hering's, photographer, &c., 137, Regent-street,
London, where the list is open for subscribers' names. A detailed cata¬
ogue of the views and portraits will be forwarded on the receipt of one
postage stamp.
