BB. to EMILY.—Arrived safely. Letters to Messrs.
.

RIGHT.—WANTED, the NEXT-OF-KIN of
THOMAS WRIGHT, in 1791 of Savage-gardens, broker, and
in 1830 of Southampton-place. Euston-square, Esquire.—De Bernaray,
Brothers, 28, John-street, Bedford-row.
CLIBBORN.—WILLIAM GEORGE MENZIES
CLIBBORN, late Captain 75th Regment, and Paymaster 37th
Regiment, is requested to COMMUNICATE, if alive, with Messrs.
Tompson, Pickering, Styan, and Neilson, 4, Stone-buildings, Lincoln's¬
inn London, W.C. If dead, any one furnishing proof of his death
will be duly compensated.
PHILIP JOHN DAVIS and BENJAMIN LEE
DAVIS, sons of Mrs. Mary Davis (formerly Mary Lee, spinster),
late of Oxford, deceased, are entitled to certain shares in the estate
of their late uncle, Mr. W. J. Lee, of Oxford, who died in Septem¬
ber last year. Philip John Lee loft Oxford about the year 1871,
and Benjamin Lee Davis in 1874, and both wont, it is belioved, to
America. They or any persons knowing their addresses are requested
to COMMUNICATE with Arthur E. Ward, Solicitor, 7, Broad¬
street, Oxford.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—In pur¬
suance of an order of the Court of Chancer dated the 6
August, 1878, and made in the marter of the National Debt Act, 1870,
the Officers of the Bank of England are directed to re-transter from
the Commissioners for the reduction of the National Debt, the sum of
£300 New £3 per cent annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
SARAH TUCK, of Thornhill, near Wakefield, Yorkshire, Spinster,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence
of the Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 10th
October, 1866;—Notice is hereby given that on the expiration of
three months from this date (February 13th, 1879), the said Stock will
be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paidito Sarah Ann Tuck,
spinster, the person named in the said order, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the ro-transfer from the Commissioners for the Roduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £445 2s. 4d. Consolidated £3
per Cent. Annuities heretofore standing in the name of Rev.HENRY
AUGUSTUS LOUIS GRINDLE, of Wyndham-cottages, Devizes,
Wilts, Clors, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in
consequence of the Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since
the 5th January, 1869; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration
of three months from this date (February 13, 1879), the said Stock will
be Transferred, and the Dividens thereon paid to Rev. Henry Augus¬
tus Louis Grindie, who has claimed the same, unless some other claim¬
ant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—In pur¬
suince of an Order of the Court of Chancery, dated the 30th
November, 1878, and made in the matter of the National Debt Act.
1870, the officers of the Bank of England are directed to retransfer
from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt the
sum of £231 14s. 8d. Consolidated £3 por Cent. Annuities, heretofore
standing in the name of THOMAS CARSON, of Liverpool, Attorney¬
at-Law, and which was transferred to the said Commissioner, in con¬
sequence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since
the 5th January, 1859;—Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration
of three months from this date (13th February, 1879), the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Diviends thereon Pail to Arthur Ellis
and Thomas Walton Stead, the persons named in the said Order,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appearand make out his claim

FIVE POUNDS will be given to the first finder of a
certain LETTER, which appeared between 1833 and 1837. For
particulars address W., Spalding's Library, 46, High-Street, Notting-hill.
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand, W.C.
—The Treasurers thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEI
of £5 from General Hope Graham, C.D. HENRY WOOLCOTT.
Seceetary.
THE SURGICAL AID SOCIETY.—The Committee
thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEPT of £5 5s. from the
Worshipful Company of Dyers, in aid of its funds. — W. THES¬
SIDDER, Secretary. Offices, 16, New Bridge-street, E.C.
THE HOSPITAL for WOMEN, Soho-square, W.—
President—The Earl of SHAFTESBURY, K.G.—The Committee
Management gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE an ADDITIONAL
DONATION of £20 from Wm. Robinson, Esq., and an Annual Sub¬
scription of £1 1s. from Admiral Charles Edmunds.—DAVID CAN¬
NON, Secretary.
MATIONAL HOSPITAL for DISEASES of the
HEART and PARALYSIS, Soho-square, W. Treasurer the
Earl of Glasgow—The Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE
the following DONATIONS:—Messrs. Rynaston and Son. £5 5s.;
Messrs. Purdey, £1 1s. ; in aid of this Hospital.—H. SEYMOUR

MORTH-EASTERN HOSPITAL for CHILDREN,
Hackney-road.—The Committee beg to ACKNOWLEDGE.
with their best thaoks, the RECEPT of a LEGACY Of THREE
HUNDRED GUINEAS, from the Executors of the late Miss M. A.
Booth.—By order, ALFRED NIXON, necretary.
LOST, a PURSE, brown leather, with elastic band,
in or near the Strand, on Wednesday afternoon. The finder may
keep the cash if he will send the purse to the address in Lambeth on
enclosed cards.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—To Jewellers and
Pawnbrokers.—LOST, on Tuesday eve

Drury-lane Theatre, a flexible COLD STRAP BRACELET. Who¬
ever takes the same to Mr. Bateman, 9, Gracechuren-street, E.C.,
shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 1st inst.,
a large WHITE POODLE DOC: had on a collar with owners
pply No. 7. Ovington-mews, S.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday
evening, a YELLOWISH BROWN TERRIE, mixed breed
Skye and Maltese. Answers to the name of handie. Whoever will
take the same to 9, Mebury-road, Kensington High-street, shall re¬
ceive the reward. As the dog is very old no further reward will be
offered.
OLD LAND CLAIMS.—Notice is hereby given, that
on the 17th day of October, 1878, an Act was passed by the
General Assemely of New Zealand, intituled "An Act to make fur¬
ther Provision for the Final Settlement of Land Claims.
The attention of every person having any UNSETTLED CLAIM
to LAND in re-pect of the former pureaase thereof from the aborigi¬
nal natives of the colony, and which has not been disallowed, is
drawn to the provisions of the said ACT next following, that is to

Every claim capable of being prosecuted under "The Land Claims
Settlement Act 1856," or "The Land Claims Settlement Extension
Act, 1858" (hereinatter called "the said Acts'), which shall not be
prosecuted before the 31st day of December, 1879, shall be deemed to
have lapsed.
Whenever any selection of land is required to be made under the
provisions of the sai Acts, the Commissioners may prescribe a period
within which such selection shall be made, nd if the serecti n be not
made within such period, such right of selection shall lapse and te
deemed abandoned, and the claimant or claimants shall have no fur¬
ther right, title, or interest in respect of such claim, or in respect of
any land the subject of such claim.
In any claim in which difficulties exist in the way of obtaining quiet
possession of the land to which the claimant is entitied, and in whion
the sarvey of the claim cannot be made in a reasonable time, to be
fixed by the Commissioners, the Commissioners shall determine the
claim by direct ng a grant of other land in exchange, or by the issue
of scrip of equivalent value, exercisable only within twelve months
after issue thereof.
Notwithstanding anything in the said Acts contained, the Commis¬
sioners may admit to hearing the claimants in claims 64 (Captain
George lcadon) and 1,128 (Mrs. Elizabeth George), subject to restric¬
tions stated in the Act herein first mentsoned, of which a copy may
be seen at the office of the Land Claims Commissioner at Wellington,
and at the office of the Agent-General for the colony, 7, Westminster¬
chambers, Victoria-street, London.
Clamants not resident within the colony should forthwith appoint
a duly authorized agent at Wellinston, in the colony, to do and per¬
form whatever may be required to obtain the benedt of the Act herein

Dated at Wellington, New Zealand, this 28th day of November,
1878.
ROBERT STOUT. Land Claims Commissioner,
TOWY FISHERY DISTRICT, in the counties of
Carmarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan, Glamergan, and Brecon, and
the county of the bornugh of Carmarthen.—I hereby give notice toat
the (following CERTIFICATE for the ALTERATION and EN¬
LARGEMENT of the Towy Fishery District has been granted by
Her M.jesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department. —Dated
this 27th day of January, 1879.
CHARLES BISHOP, Clerk of the Peace for the County
of Carmarthen.
Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873.—Towy Fishery District.
Whereas the Fishery District of the river Towy has been formed
and its limite have been defined by a certificate under the hand of the
itight Honourable Sir George Grey, Baronet, dated the 26th day of
March, 1866; and whereas it is expedient to alter the said Fishery
District, by including therein so much of the river Towy and its tribu¬
taries as lies within the counties of Cardican and Brecon, and also the
space between high and low water mark (hereinaiter termed the sea
shore), between Worm's Head in the county of Glamorgan, and St.
Govin's flead, in the county of Pembroke, and also the sea adjoining
to the sea shore between these points for the distance of three miles
seaward from ordinary low water mark.
Now in exercise of the powers given to me by the above Acts. I,
the Right Honourable Richard Assheton Cross, one of Her Majesty's
Principal Secretaries of ptate, do hereby declare as follows
The limits of the rever Tow,
and of the Fishery District of the river
Towy, so altered as aforesaid, shall camprise the following:—
So much of the rivers Towy, Loughor, and Taff, and their tributaries,
as lies within the counties of Carmarthen, Pembroke, Glamorgan,
Cardigan, Brecon, and the town of Carmarthen; the estuaries of the
said rivers, so much of the coast as lies between Worm's Head, in the
county of Giamorgan, and St. Govin's Head, in the county of Pom¬
broke, all rivers running into the sea between the said points and
being within the said counties; the space between ordinary high and
low water mark (hereinafter termed the sea shore) between the said
points; and the sea adjoining to the sea shore between the said
points for the distance of three miles seaward from ordinary low water
mark, as laid down on the annexed map deposited with the Clerk of
the Peace for the county of Carmarthen.
And in further exercise of the powers entrusted to me by the above
Acts, 1 do hereby order that one additional member shall be added to
the Goard of Conservarors of the said Towy Fishery District by the
Justices in Quarter Sessions ansembled for each of the said counties of

Given under my hand this 4th day of January
Whitchall.
(Signed)	RICH. ASSHETON CROSS.
DISCLAIMER.—Messrs. HARRISON, AINSLIE,
and Co., of Ulverston, and of 3, East India-avenue, London,
E.C., in reply to several applications they have received, in conse¬
quence of their name having been associated with an allesed dis¬
covery of the late Mr. Perry Downing for the conversion of Cleve¬
land iron into steel, beg to state that they are in no way interested
either directly or indirectly in the patent taken out to deal with the
above, nor in any company or association that may be formed or be in
course of formation for its develowment.
NOTICE.—As Solicitor for and on behalf of John
Larking, of Pudding-lane, Maidstone, in the county of Kent, and
of the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, Carrier, Ware¬
houseman, and Furniture-Van Proprietor, I hereby give notice that
WILLIAM LARKING, who has been arrested and is on his trial,
with others, for frand in connexion with certain persons known as the
Long Firm in Maidstone aforesaid, is in NO WAY whatever CON¬
NECTED with the said JOHN LARKING in business, either by him¬
self or as trading under the style or firm of Larking and Sous. And
notice is herety further given, that the said John Larking will not be
responsible for any claims that may have been contracted in his name,
or in the name of Larking and Sons, by the said William Larking, or
any person or persons connected with him.
Maldstone, 10th Feb., 1879.
JOHN B. STEPHENS.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE Chancery Divi¬
sion In the Matter of the Trade Marks Registration Acts 1878.
£ 1877 and in the matter of an APPLICATION by W. S. KIMBALL
and Co of Rochester U.S.A. for the registration of the Trade Mark
Vanity Fair" in respect of Manufactured Tobacco. His Lordship
the Vice Chancelior Hall this day made an order declaring that the
above named app icants are NOT ENTITLED to REGISTER the said
TRADE MARK "Vanity Fair' and awarded costs to the opponents
Marcovitch & Co of 11 Air Street Regent Street Turkish Tobacco
Importers and Cigarette manufacturers the registered Proprietors of
the said Trade Mark Notice is hereby given that legal proceedings
will be immediately instituted against all persons dealing in Tobacco
or Cigarettes bearing the Trane Mark "Vanity Fair" not manufac¬
tured by Marcovitch and Company Dated this 11th day of February
1879 MAURICE S. RUBINSTEIN 20, Regent Street Waterloo
Place Solicitor for Marcovitch & Co.
DEATHS.
On Tuesday, the 11th Feb., at Southlands, Esher, ANSELM, fifth son
of the late Lord Justice TURNER, aged 44 years.
On the 11th inst., at Yetson House, Ashprington, South Dovon,
LETHIA ELIZARETH (TINY), cidest daughter of the Rev. W. H.
LANDON, late Vicar of alebech, Pembrokeshire.
On the 11th inst., at her residonce, 58, Camden-square, N.W. CLARA,
the wife of Joun Navz SMirn, in her 72d year. Friends will kindly
accept this intimation.
On the 11th Feb., at 14, St. George's-place, Brighton, MAnv AuN,
widow of JAs. A. S. HOskIN, Esq. and second daughter of the late
John Jackson Biencowe, Esq., of Marston St. Lawrence, in the county
of Northampton, aged 71.
On the 11th, at Quex Lodge, Kilburn, EMILY, daughter of the late
Josken NaLsoN, M.A., aged 21 years and 11 months.
On the 11th inst., at her residence, 13, Hunter-street, Brunswick¬
square, from the effects of bronchitis, Mrs. RANYARD, in her 70th

On the 11th Feb., at 10, Regency-square, Brighton, THOMAS HILL
CRAMPTON, of 32, Highbury grove, London, in his 74th year. Friends
will please accept this intimation.
On the 11th inst., at his residence, The Elms, Sydenham-hill, of
puenmonia, after six days' patient suffering, Vice-Admiral GRORGE
Abougrus Banronn, aged 70.
On the 11th Feb., at 9, Coningham-road, Shepherd's-bush, HENRY
THOMAS, youngest son of THOMAS ORDISH, aged 15 years.
On the 11th Feb., aged 79, ANN Honnen, 121, Manor-street,
Clapham.
On the 11th inst., at Wyedown, St. Mary Cray. Kent, DONALD
STUART, eldest son of the Rev. CHARLES STUART PARKER
DARROCK,
