to U. —Drithh.—Star" "Eemomist,"
H.
N. wishes to HEAR from G. G.

TO A. E—G.—S. enlisted; went to the Eas
Indies; was a private in the 2d European Regiment at Calcutts
from whence he wrote several letters, but for upwards of 10 years
no intelligence whatever has been received.
THE LADY who travelled in a first class cariage by
the 10.15 a.m. train on Christmas-day from Waterloo, and ac
cepted of a gentleman the loan of a FUR RAILWAY RUG, wil
oblige by FORWARDING it to Mr. Richardson, Station-Master
Alton, Hants.
BELLA, St. Mary's.—The NOTES sent October
November, December, have been thankfully RECEIVED, and
Boeded. Liviny in hope. May Ged bless you.
WOOLLEY.—If this should MEET the EYEs
of R. D., he is requested to COMMUNICATE with hil
brothers, however forlorn or destitute he may be.
JOHN or FRANK BIGGE, Esq., late of 2, Clifton
road east, St. John's wood.—If he has any OLAIM to the FUR
NITURE, &c., sold by auction in November last. APPLY imme
diately to Mr. W. Booth, auctioneer, St. John's-wood.
GRATEFUL THANKS for CHARITABLE AIL
to POOR SICK LITTLE CHILDREN.—The Secretary
the ROYAL INFIRMARY

Waterloo-road, gratefully ACKNOWLEDGES the following CON

tamps from "H.," for toys for the sic
children, 10s.; "T. S." for the sick children, 3s.; "For the Poo¬
Children," 2s.; "Help for Little Sufferers and Women," a mite fron
M., Ramsgate, 5s.; "With geod wishes," 3s.; from a Friend, 5s.—
Office, 180, Waterloo-bridge-road, S.
LOST, a BLACK RETRIEVER: "Bob," aged
Apply to the Inspector, Surbiton Railway Station, oin.
LOST, from Inverness-terrace, on oanuary 1st, a
small SCOTCH TERRIER DOG; answers to the name of
"Fairy." A REWARD will be given if brought to Elfick's, stationer
&c., Leinster-terrace, Lancaster-gate.
LOST (supposed to have been left in a cab which con
veyed luggage from 36, Duke-street, St. James's, to Chelses
Barracks), on Sunday, Dec. 24, a DARK LEATHER WRITING
CASE, in brown cover.
tht will bring the same to 36, Duke¬
street, will be handsomely REWARDEI
LOST, on the 18th inst., in a railway carriage
between Tunbridge and Etchingham or on the road between
Etchingham and Hawkhurst, a GENTLEMAN's DIAMOND RING
and a GOLD-COLOURED SEALSKIN PURSE. Whoever will bring
the same to Joseph Angell, jeweller, 10, Strand, shall receive THREE
GUINEAS REWARD.
LOST, or Left in a Cab, between Walpole-street
Chelsea, and Euston-square, on Wednesday, the 27th December
last, between 4 and 5 o'clock, a small GREEN TRAVELLING SIDE¬
BAG, with patent-leather strap; containing some keys, an eye glass,
cigar-case, &c., and some papers of no value to any one but the owner.
Any one bringing the same to 25, Walpole-street, Chelsea, shall receive
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the even¬
ing of the 28th ult., by a passenger in the train from the Crysta
Palace due at the Victoria Station at 6.20 p.m., a small GREEN
RUSSIA LEATHER LADIES' PURSE and POCKET-BOOK,
containing a £5 Bank of England note, a gold pencilease, with ruby top,
and 2s. 6d. in silver. The above reward will be paid to any one bring¬
ing the purse and its contents to 13, King-street, Portman-square.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD. —Supposed to
have been LOST during the removal of furniture from Mr. Mad¬
dox's warehouse, in Little Barlow-street, High-Street, to Sussex-place,
Regent's-park, during the months of November and December, 1864,
LARGE MAHOGANY WRITING-DESK brass-mounted, with
plate, inscribed "Col. Carmichael-Smyth, Royal Engineers," lined
with green cloth, and has a screw by which it can be fastened to a
table. The desk contained two small oval miniatures, by Petitot, in
gilt frames, of a lady with powdered hair, lace cap, and white satin
dress trimmed with lace, and of a gentleman with powdered hair and
blue velvet coat; an oval miniature, in oil of a gentleman in long
brown wig, brown velvet coat, and large white lace neckcloth; two
smaller oval miniatures (framed together in polished black frame) of
lady and gentleman, temp. George III. ; an oval miniature, by
Heaphy, of a baby in a Highland cap and short frock, in black polished
frame ; a small oval miniature, in red morocco case, of a child with
flaxen hair; a number of coins, including a gold Nero and silver
Alexander the Great, and French moncy of Napoleon I.; several
bronze and other medals; pocket-books, diaries, and other papers.
If the desk can be returned with all its contents as above statsd, the
full reward of £20 will be paid; but a proportionate reward will be
given to any person who may be able to recover any of the articles,
especially the miniatures, pocket-books, and diaries, which were in the
desk when it was lost. Any communication on this subject to be ad¬
dressed to Mr. Thomas Fitzgerald, Sovereign Life Assurance Office,
No. 27, Cannon-street, E.C.
FOUND, in a railway carriage, a LADY's RING¬
The owner can receive it on application to Mr. Quick, 11, Great
Marlborough-street, W.
on payment of this advertisement.
FOUND, on Monday, 1st inst., in the neighbourhood
of Kennington, a PONY. Application to be made, with full
description, to Mr. H. Lyon, 22, Thomas-street, .
nington-park, S.
NEXT of KIN (important—never before published).
classified and descriptive INDEX (of 16,000 names) to
ADVERTISEMENTS for NEXT of KIN, Chancery heirs, legatees,
and unclaimed money, from 1700 to 1865, also of British subjects who
have died intestate in the colonies, sent post free for 30 stamps. Ad¬
dress Mr. CULLMER, 6, Holland-street, Clapham-road, London, S.
ROYAL SOCIETY of MUSICIANS of GREAT
BRITAIN, Lisle-street, Leicester-square.—The SEORETARY,
Mr. Stanley Lucas, having REMOVED from 210, Regent-street,
requests all Communications be Addressed to him at his Residence,
No. 62, New Bond-street (Messrs. Lamborn Cock, Addison, and Co.'s
—January 1, 1866.
COLLEGE of ORGANISTS.—The Council hereby
announce, that the PRIZES, of 10 guineas offered for the best
ANTHEM and 10 guineas for the best ORGAN COMPOSITION,
have both been AWARDED to Mr. HENRY HILES, of Manchester
and that an extra Prize of five guineas, for an Organ Composition, has
been awarded to Mr. Robert Hainworth, of Peckham.
By order,
R. LIMPUS, Hon. Sec.
GAS CONSUMERS' LEAGUE.—The Committer
earnestly solicit the co-operation of all Gas Consumers.
Local Committees are already established in all the Metropolita

Communications to be addressed to the Secretary.

L COBDEN Chairman.
HANN, CLAYTON, and Co., Treasurers.
S. TRIPP, Secretary.
Temporary offices, 2, Dane's-inn, Strand.
NOTICE. —Mr. ESKELL, surgeon-dentist, of
8, Grosvenor-street, Bond-street, having announced, for a con¬
siderable period, that he is not connected with any one of the name,
and that he has not removed and does not intend doing so, begs re¬
spectfully to state that, as he considers the general public are now
sufficiently well aware of the facts, he will cease to make this or
any other professional statement in the public papers on and after
the 28th of February next.
NOTICE.—My PARTNERSHIP with Mr. Ham¬
mond having EXPIRED, I hereby give notice, that from this
date I shall continue to carry on my business as a surveyor and auc¬
tioneer, at my new offices, No. 27, Chancery-lane.
No. 27, Chancery-lane, January 1, 1866
F. EILOART.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHII
heretofore subsisting between the undersigned Robert Phelps.
of Yeovil, in the county of Somerset, and George Atherton, of Yeovi
aforesaid, as glove manufacturers, was this day DISSOLVED by
mutual consent—Dated this 23d day of December, 1865.
ROBERT PHELPS.

GEORGE ATHERTON.
NOTICE of CHANGE of NAME.—I, WILLIAM
TOMKYNS, of Southern-house, in Pittville, Cheltenham, G
cestershire, do hereby give notice, that I intend from this date to TAKE,
in addition to and after my present names of William Tomkyns, the
SURNAME of GRAFTON, and that for the future, in all transac¬
tions whatsoever, I intend to sign, use, and be known by the name of
William Tomkyns Grafton only. —Dated this 21st December, 1865.—
William Tomkyns, Southern-house, in Pittville, Cheltenham, Gloces
tershire. Witnesses, Edward Lloyd Griffiths, solicitor, Cheltenham:
Alfred Bevan, his clerk
CHUBB v. GRIFFITHS.—CAUTION.—Notice is
hereby given, that on the hearing, on the 16th of December, 1865,
of the above cause, His Honour the Master of the Rolls granted a
decree making perpetual the injunction which had on the 1st of June
last been granted against the defendant, restraining him from selling
under Messrs. Chubb and Son's name any iron safes not made by them
and from affixing to any safes not of their manufacture plates bearing
their name. The decree also directed that the defendant should pay
the costs of the suit. All persons are cautioned against supposing that
such safes as may be found to be fitted with Chubb and Son's locks are
therefore necessarily safes of Messrs. Chubb and Son's manufacture,
as it is believed that large numbers of these safes are sold under false
representation, genuine name-plates being removed from Messrs.
Chubb and Son's locks and affixed on the escutcheon or on some con¬
spicuous part of the safe. Dealers in second-hand fireproof safes are
particularly cautioned against selling, as Messrs. Chubb and Son's, safes
which are not of their manufacture, and against in any way affixing
their names on safes not of their manufacture, and against allowing any
safes professing to be of Messrs. Chubb and Son's manufacture to pas¬
through their hands without the strictest examination; and proceed¬
ings in Chancery will in all cases be instituted when offences of the
same or a like nature are brought to notice.
STUART and MASSEY, 5, Gray's-inn-square, Solicitors.
for Messrs. Chubb and Son.
MUDGMENT.—TRADE MARK COUNTER¬
FEITED—Office of Mr. E. Caron, attorney of the Civil Tribuna
of the First Instance of the Department of the Seine, No. 45, Rueh
Richelien, Paris.—The following extract has been made from a judg¬
ment of the Sixth Chamber of the said Tribunal of the Seine, trying
misdemeanours, dated 12th January, 1865, registered, confirmed by a
decree of the Imperial Court of March 31, 1865 ; the judgment and
decree having been pronounced after the adverse party had been heard,
between Messrs. BASS and Co., brewers, of Burton-on-Trent, in
England, and Mr. Benjamin Harris, provision dealer, of 265, Rue St.
Honoré, Paris:—
The Tribunal, on the ground that labels were seized in the hous
of Harris, bearing the inscription "India Pale Ale, and that he
acknowledged having ordered them, and to have had them made ; that
the labels have a general appearance and a resemblance of form,
design, and colour, likely to deceive the buyer and to make him believe
that they are the mark of the English house, Bass and Co., and that
the articies they are put upon come from that house;
That though Harris substituted the word "India" for those of
Bass and Co.," and though he cut off in a slight degree the corners of
the red triangle which is one of the most conspicuous features, these
changes are not sufficient to make this mark appear to the consumers
a differentone from that of Bass and Co.
"Condemns Harris to four months' imprisonment and a fine of
600 francs: condemus him, by all legal ways, even by arrest, to pay to

and Co. the sum of 6,000 francs as damages;
"Declares to be confiscated the labels seized, and which are
fraudulent imitation of those of Bass and Co., and directs them to be
destroyed."
For true extract (Signed).
E. CARON.
CHOCOLAT MENIER, 23, Henrietta-street,
Strand.—MENIER's FRENCH CHOCOLATE.—Notice i
hereby given, that legal proceedings will be taken under the Merchan¬
dise Marks Act, 1862, 25 and 26 Vic., cap. 83, against any person or
persons fraudulently making use of the trade mark, or the signature,
Menier (it being an individual firm, and in no way connected with any
company or other house whatever), on the seal or cover together
with colour of wrapper, form of cakes, &c., arrangement of label,
or otherwise, with the intention of deceiving the public by causing
spurious and inferio
rticles to be sold for the genuine Chocolat
Menier. F. TRUEFITT, Solicitor, 4, Essex-court, Temple, E
C.
PUBLIC CAUTION.—Trade Mark. — Whereas, at
the Sessions of the Central Criminal Court holden on the 18th
December, 1865. John Potter Serjeant and John Sutton were severally
convicted of misdemeanour in having procured the trade mark of
Messrs. JOHN BROADWOOD and SONS, pianoforte manufacturers,
of 38, Great Pulteney-street, Golden-square, to be forged, and of ap¬
plying such FORGED TRADE MARK to divers pianofortes not
being the manufacture of the said John Broadwood and Sons, and for
such offence were sentenced to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour
in the House of Correction for two calendar menths; Notice is hereby
given, that all persons committing such offences are guilty of misde¬
meanour under the 25th and 26th Victoria, chapter88, and will be pro
secuted in like man.
LEWIS and LEWIS, 10, Ely-place, Holborn, Solicitors for the
said Messrs. John Broadwood and Sons.
REMOVAL.—Pure Water.—The LONDON and
GENERAL WATER PURIFYING COMPANY (Limited
have REMOVED their OFFICES and DEPOT to 157, Strand, where
their patent cistern filters, which are self-acting and require no at¬
tention on the part of servants, can be seen in operation, together with
testimonials from Dr. Letheby and other eminent authorities.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Messrs. BASS and Co.,
beg to inform their friends and the public that they have RE
MOVED their OFFICES to their new ale stores, King's-road, Old St
Pancras-road, N. W., near the new goods station of the Midland Rail¬

NOTICE of REMOVAL.—30 per Cent. Reduction)s
in Price.—Messrs. CLARK and Co., sole patentees of self-coiling
Revolving Shutters, beg to announce that they have completed their
extensive works at Rathbone-place, Oxford-street, where all communi¬
cations must now be addressed.
FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.—JNO. WARD
invalid chair manufacturer, &c., begs to inform the nobility and
gentry that his business is carried on at No. 12, Loicester-place, until
the Saville-house premises are rebuilt.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE-OFFICE (established
1857, at 5, Church-court, Clement's-lane, Lombard-street), re¬
moved to 13, Great Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons. Priv.
dential, and important inquiries conducted by JOHN LEWIS, 17
years an pfficer of the City of London Police,
