IF Mrs. JANE CHAPMAN, widow of Richard
Henry Chapman, formerly of Nag's Head-court, Lombard-street,
carpenter and builder, will APPLY to Mr. W. G. Enscoe, accountant,

—
BRADY and ELSEY.—JANE BRADY, Mary Ann
Brady, both supposed to have married seafaring men; also Rosina
Elsey, widow of John Elsey, a carpenter, natives of London (Padding¬

TO HOTELKEEPERS.—WANTED the ADDRESS
T
here the end of May or beginning of June. Expected again shortly.
Anyone giving information to M. E., 28s, High-Street, Marylebone,
will be REWARDED for their trouble. Should this meet the eye of
any friend please draw attentior.
THE HOSPITAL for SICK CHILDREN, 49, Great

ment gratefully
ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of a CHEQUE £50, from Walter
Cave, Esq., in lieu of intende e aeae.
August 12th.
SAMUEL WHITFORD. Secretary.
THE ASYLUM for IDIOTS, Earlswood, Redhill,

LEDGE the RECEPT of a CHEQUE,
Walter Cave, Esq.,
in lieu of intended legacy.
WILLIAM NICHOLAS, Secretary.
August 13th, 1868, office, 29, Poultry.
LOST, on Monday, near Lincoln's-inn-fields, a small
GOLD HUNTING WATCH. FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
Apply to the Porter, King's College Hospital.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, an OLD
POCKET BOOK, on Friday last, the 7th inst., between Russell¬
square and the city; containing several different cards of address, a
photograph, and memorandums of no use but to the owner. Whoever
will bring or send the same, with its contents, to No. 2, Montague¬
street, Russell-square, shall receive the above reward.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of £1,465 17s.
Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the
names of HENRY GEE BARNARD, of Cave Castle, Howden, York¬
shire, Esquire, deceased, and which dividend was paid over to the Com¬
missioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of
its having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1858;—Notice is
hereby given, that on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Dividend will be paid to Elizabeth Mary Barnard, widow,
sole executrix, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt of the sum of £126 8s. 1d. New £3 per Cent
Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of ROBERT WHEATLEY
LUMLEY, of Carey-street, gentleman, and JOHN HAWORTH, of
The Close, Lichfield, gentleman, and which was transferred to
the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon
having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1853;—Notice is hereby
given, that on the expiration of three months from this date, the said
Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid to Frederick
Ilted Nicholl, Leigh Churchill Smyth, and Robert French Burnett,
executors of
Robert Wheatley Lumley, who was the survivor, who
have claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
CAPE COLONY and NATAL.—All parties desiring
INFORMATION on any subject relative to these colonies are
requested to apply, personally or by letter, to the Cape and Natal
Newspaper-office, 29, Bow-lane, Cannon-street, E.C.
CHANGE of SURNAME.—Take notice, that I,
EDWARD TALBOT DAY FOXCROFT, of Hinton Charter¬
house, in the county of Somerset, and Halsteads, in the county of
York. Esquire, who, up to the date and execution of the deed poll
hereinafter mentioned, have used and been known by the surname of
Jones, have by deed poil, under my hand and seal, and intended to be
forthwith duly enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, ASSUMED,
and intend henceforth to use, the surname of FOXCROFT, in substi¬
tution of my former surname of Jones, and by such sole surname of
Foxecroft to designate myself, and to be designated, known, and dis¬
tinguished by others, in all grants, deeds, wills, assurances, commis¬
sions, and other future instruments whatsoever, and in all actions,
suits, and other proceedings whatsoever, to or in which I am or may
become a party, or be otherwise interested, and for every other purpose
and on every other occasion whatsoever; and I, the said Edward
Talbot Day Fexcroft do hereby expressly authorize and desire every
person whomsoever to designate and describe me by such surname
accordingly. —Dated this 12th day of August, 1868.
EDWAL
TALBOT DAY FOXCROFT.
Witness to the signature of the said deed poll, T. Parr,
olicitor, Bristo .
WHEREAS, by an Order of the High Court of
Chancery, made in the matter of an Act of Parliament made
and passed in the 10th and 11th years of the reign of Her Majesty,
entitied "An Act for the Better Securing Trust Funds and for the
Relief of Trustees," and in the matter of the trusts of the will of
Joseph Robinson, deceased, the account residue, and in the matter of
the trusts of the will of Rebecca Robinson, widow, deceased, the
account legacy of £1,000, bequeathed in trust for the sons and daughters
of testatrix's deceased brothers and deceased sister named in her will,
the following inquiries were directed, that is to say; 1. An inquiry what
sons and daughters there were of Rascly Robinson, John Robinson,
Alfred Robinson, and William Robinson, and Mary Rome, the four
brothers and sister of Rebecca Robinson, the said testatrix, who were
living at the dates of the will and death of the said testatrix, or who
previously died, and whether any, and which of such sons and daughters
have since died, and if so, who are their, his, or her legal personal re¬
presentatives or representative. 2. An inquiry whether any and which
of the children of the said four brothers and sister died during the life¬
time of the said testatrix leaving issue him or her surviving, and if so,
then when such issue were respectively born, and if any of them are sinee
dead, when they, he, or she died, and who are their, his, or her legal per¬
sonal representatives or representative.— All persons claiming to be the
SONS or DAUGHTERS of RASELY ROBINSON, JOHN ROBIN¬
SON
ALFRED ROBINSON and WILLIAM ROBINSON, and
MARY ROME, the four brothers and sister of Rebecca Robinson
(late of Brunstock-cottage, Balaam-street, Plaistow, in the parish of
West Ham, in the county of Essex, widow, who died on the 25th day
of October, 1866), who were living on the 9th day of May, 1863, the
date of the will of the said Rebecca Robinson, and who were living
on the 25th day of October, 1866, the day of her death, or the legal
personal representatives or representative of such sons and daughters
as have since died, and all persons claiming to be the issue of the
children of the said four brothers and sister, who may have died
during the lifetime of the said Rebecca Robinson, and the legal per¬
soual representatives or representative of such issue as may have since
died, are, by their sollcitors, on or before the 2d day of November 1863,
to come in and prove their claims, at the chambers of the Vice¬
Chancellor Giffard, No. 11, New-so
aer e eincoln's-inn, in the county
of Middlesex, England; or, in default thereof, they will be peremp¬
torily excluded from the benefit of the said order. Monday, the 16th
day of November, 1868, at 12 o'clock at noon, at the said chambers, is
appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims. —Dated this
22d day of July, 1863
HY. LEMAN Chief Clerk.
COX and SONS, Solicitors, 4, Cloak-lane, London.
NEXT of KIN (new edition, just published).—A
classified and descriptive INDEX (of 18,000 names guaranteed)
to advertisements for Next of Kin, Chancery Heirs, Legatees, &c.
from 1760 to 1868, post free 30 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER, 17,
Southampton-buildings, Chancery-lane, London, W.C.
PETROLEUM ACTS, 1862 and 1868.—The Metro¬
politan Board of Works hereby give notice, that an Act has just
passed to Amend the Act 25th and 26th Victoria, chapter 66 (1862), for
the SAFE-KEEPING of PETROLEUM. Ameng other things it is
provided—from and after the 1st day of February, 1869, the 3d section
of the Petroleum Act, 1862, shall be repealed, and that from that date
there may be annexed to any license to be granted such conditions as
to the mode of storage, as to the nature of the goods with which pe¬
troleum may be stored, as to the testing such petroleum from time to
time, and generally as to the safe keeping of petroleum, as may seem
expedient to the local authority. Any petroleum kept in contraven¬
tion of this section shall be forfeited, and, in addition thereto, the
occupier of the place in which such petroleum is kept shall be liable
to a penalty not exceeding £20 a day for each day during which pe
troleum is kept in contravention of the Petroleum Acts 1862 and 1868,
or either of such Acts.
In the same Act there is a prohibition of sale of petroleum for pur¬
e ose iin
tain giving off an inflammable vapour at a temperature
of less than 100 degrees of Fahrenheit; and the temperature at
which petrole.
aoe es off an inflammable vapour shall for the purposes
of the Petroleum Acts be tested in manner set forth in the schedule
to the Act.
And the Board hereby gives further notice, that all licenses for the
ensuing year must be applied for, as regards the Metrepolitan Board
of Works, before the 31st day of December, 1868.
Any further information may be obtained at this office between the
hours of 9 and 4 o'clock.
JOHN POLLARD, Clerk of the Board.
Spring-gardens, 28th July, 1868.
NOTICE to TRADESMEN and others.—The under¬
signed, Sir John B. W. S. Gardiner, of Roche-court, near Fareham,
Hants, Bart., hereby gives public notice, that no one has any authority
to pledge his credit, nor to incur any debt or liability in his name or
on his behalf, and that he will not be responsible for the performance
of any engagement unless authorized by himself. —Dated this 19th day
se
JOHN B. W. S. GARDINER.
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Queen
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONL
ADDRESS is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street. W.
CAUTION.—The CISTERN and other FILTERS,
officially adopted by Government for the Abyssinian army, the
iron-plated ships, barracks, military stores, &c., and so highly spoken
of by Dr. Frankland during the late visitation of cholera (See The
Times, Oct. 24th, 1866), can only be obtained at ATKINS',62, Fleet-st.
CAUTION.—BETTS's CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of capsules made in contraven¬
tion of his rights, which necessarily are numerous, Betts being the
original inventor and sole maker in the United Kingdom.—I. Wharf¬
road, City-road, London; and Bordeaux, France.—April 8, 1868.
CAUTION.—The PATENT PORTABLE SIX¬
POWER TELESCOPE.—The public is respectfully informed
that all the above Telescopes bear the name of S. and B. SOLOMONS,
No. 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, with the word Patent and No.
engraved thereon.—PROCEEDINGS will be immediately taken against
anyone INFRINGING the said PATENT
CAUTION.-HOWARD's PATENTEASY CHAIRS
d SOFAS. The celebrity of these goods, which combine
luxurious comfort with perfection of workmanship, having caused in¬
ferior imitations to be offered for sale, the public are informed that all
those manufactured by us have a brass label attached, with number of
patent and address of patentees.—Howard and Sons, 26 and 27, Ber¬
ners-street, Oxford-street, W.
CAUTION.-REGISTERING THERMOMETER.
—NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA's PATENT SELF-REGISTERING
THERMOMETERS, which have received prizes in London and Paris,
and are in use at all the principal obcervatories, are only to be had at
Messrs. Negretti and Zambra's establishments. The public are CAU¬
TIONED against imitations and persons representing themselves to
be N. and Z.'s agents or travellers.—Negretti and Zambra, Hatton¬
garden, Cornhill, Regent-street, Fleet-street, and Crystal Palace.
CAUTION.—Water Filtration.—To prevent mis¬
takes the public are informed that the latest patented filter in
general use is the DANCHELL PATENT CISTERN FILTER
(patent sealed Sept. 29, 1863), which has superseded all others (vide Pro¬
fessor Frankland's reports to the Registrar-General, July, 1866, and Nov.,
1867), insuring as it does a constant supply of the purest water without
filling or any attention whatever. Can be rented if preferred in London.
n ondon
the LONDON and GENERAL
WATER PURIFYING COMPANY, 157, Strand, four doors from
MISREPRESENTATION.—The TEN GUINEA
SUITES, in 18 carat gold, machine made, as advertised
to be procured at 37, Conduit-street, Bond-street. Mr. STREETER
finds it necessary to make this announcement, as sets of ornaments,
stated to be of his manufacture and of 18 carat gold, are now being
effered to the public, whereas, they are in reality of a much inferior
quaiity. Purchasers, especially in the provinces, are therefore cau¬
tioned to have the quality of the gold stated on their invoice.—
HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co. (now Edwin W. Streeter), 37, Con¬
duit-street, five doors from Bond-street.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—C. JEFFERYS, music
publisher, late of 21, Soho-square, has REMOVED to 57, Berners¬
street, Oxford-street, W
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. FINZI, L.D.S.,
surgeon-dentist, begs to inform his patients and friends that he
has REMOVED from York-house, 357, City-road, to 105, Gower-street,
Bedford-square, W.C.
NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs respectfully to inform her custon
d ladies of the nobi¬
lity her establishment will in future be CLOSED at 5 o'clock on Satur¬
pays.—92, Regent-street.
BOLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES instituted with secrecy and despatch
in divorce and other cases, by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington-green.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE- OFFICE: established
1857.—THOMAS BALCHIN,
years city detective officer, is pre¬
pared to undertake PRIVATE INQUIRIES in divorce and other cases
with secrecy and despatch.—35. Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons, E.C.
ST. LEONARD's-ON-SEA (West).—Mr. BAZAL¬
GETTE's DRAINAGE IMPROVEMENTS (the Marina end of
St. Leonard's) have so purified sea and beach, bathing there is perfect.
From Londen one hour and 32 minutes.
AMATEUR THEATRICALS and FANCY
BALLS.—Messrs. JOHN SIMMONS and SONS, the eminent
costumiers, furnish every requisite for the above occasions, in the most.
superb style. N.B. Sole address, No. 4, Tavistock-street. Covent¬
garden. Country orders punctually attendedt
PUGH, BROTHERS (Lincoln's-inn Heraldic-office).
—MONOGRAMS designed and engraved on dies for stamping
paper, in the highest style of art. Whatman's hand-made and other
stationery; illuminated, relief, and plain stamping. Lists on applica¬
tion.—Great Turnstile, Lincoln's-inn, W.C
NOTICE.—HENRY RODRIGUES, 42, Piccadilly,
receiving daily so many applications for patterns of his ILLU¬
MINATED MONOGRAMS on NOTE PAPER, begs to inform the
nobility and gentry that he does not sell them, the dies being engraved
exclusively for the use of his private customers
