IF this should MEET the EYES of HUGH SMITH,
late of Newarthill, Scotland, N.B., he is requested to COMMU¬
NICATE with his brother.
BABY.—If you love, you know your duty. Your
position is difficult, and you must make your choice. Can you
write such letter? Write again, and write often, if you care for it.—
Ever the same, and ever true.
TO the OLD BRUTE.—Will you meet me at old
place, to-day (Wednesday), at 4 p.m.; if not, please address
etter to M. H., post-office, Vigo-street.
MOSEPH GORDON, Esq. (in 1826 in London-street
and in 1848 in Edinburgh), or his Representatives, holding his
Scotch papers, will oblige by COMMUNICATING with Mr. Nash,

ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. — Whereas
considerable DAMAGE was done to HOUSES and PROPERTY
in the neighbourhood of HIGHBURY and ISLINGTON by a number
of disorderly persons, on the night of the 5th of November inst., the
above reward will be paid to any person who shall give such INFOR¬
MATION as may lead to the apprehension and conviction of any of
the offenders. Information to be given to the Inspector or Superin¬
tendent at the Islington Police Station.
THE RESCUE SOCIETY, 85, Queen-street, is
most grateful to O. X. M. for a DONATION of £20.
DANL. COOPER, Secretary.
RETHNAL-GREEN DISPENSARY. —Edward
Colden, resident surgeon, begs leave to ACKNOWLEDGE, with
many thanks, the RECEPT of 10 guineas, of Messrs. J. and R.
Morley, and three guineas of Messrs. C. Jacomb and Co. Donations

FRIENDLESS and FALLEN. — LONDON
FEMALE PREVENTIVE and REFORMATORY INSTITU¬
TION.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGES £10, from
M. S. A. R., in aid of this mission of mercy.—E. W. THOMAS, Sec.,
No. 200, Euston-road, N.W.
FRIEND of the CLERGY CORPORATION.—
The Secretary begs to ACKNOWLEDGE, with sincere thanks
the receipt of several PARCELS of CLOTHING, from Miss E., T. F.,
&c. Such help is much needed at this season, and may be forwarded
to the offices of the Corporation, 4, St. Martin's-place, London, W.C.
LOST from a CAB, by the door flyig open, by
Hastings train, 4.35, between Charing-cross Station and Nelson's
Column, on Monday, a LADYS BLACK LEATHER DRESSING
BAG. Whoever restores it to Miss Fraser, 123, Ebury-street, Belgravia,
will be well REWARDED for trouble.
ONE GUINEA REWARD. —LOST, on Wednesday
last, a small BLACK and TAN TERRIER DOG, with white
tips on fore paws. Whoever will take it to 20, Oxford-terrace, W.,
shall receive the above reward
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 16th
inst., a CHEQUE on a London banker for £11 5s. Whoever
will take the same to Messrs. Letts, Son, and Co., 8, Royal Exchange,
shall receive the above reward. Payment of the cheque has been

TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—HEATON'S
STEEL and IRON COMPANY (Limited).—LOST, son
PAPERS, of no value to any but the 
The above reward will
be paid by the secretary on delivery of the papers at 20, Great George¬
street, Westminster.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—STOLEN, FOUR
very fine and rare SARD SCARABAEI; two long-tapered onyx
drops, without any white mark, about two inches long, very rare; one
drop-shape onyx; two pointed oval onxyes; one opal and diamond
ring, centre opal broken; and some 18-carat gold cuttings, one piece
having formed the side of a locket, with the centre cut out. Whoever
will give such information as shall lead to the conviction of the thief
shall receive the above reward on applying to Mr. John Brogden,
No. 16, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden. No further reward will be
offered.
FOUND, Nov. 21st, near Roman Catholic Chapel,
Clapham, SKYE TERRIER PUP. Owner can have it on ap¬
plication at 292, Kennington-park-road, S.E.
JONEY FOUND, at a railway terminus. Apply,
by letter, giving full particulars, to J. D., 37, Old Bond-st., W.
NORTH-EAST METROPOLITAN AUDIT
DISTRICT.—Hackney Union.—I, the undersigned Thomas
Wrake Ratcliff, Attorney-at-Law, Auditor of the above named district,
do hereby give notice that I have appointed the AUDIT of the AC¬
COUNTS of the HACKNEY UNION, and of the parishes therein
contained, for the half-year ended) the 29th of Sept., 1869, to com¬
mence on Tuesday, the 7th day of December, 1869,at 12 o'clock at noon.
at the Hackney Union Workhouse, at Homerton, when and where all
persons who by law are bound to account at such Audit are required
to attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers, con¬
taining or relating to the accounts, or to the moneys assessed for, and
applicable to, the relief of the poor. —Dated the 22d day of November,
THOS. W. RATCLIFF, District Auditor.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 5096.—The A. V.—Whereas a cause of bottomry has
been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of England on behalf
of Messrs. Drake, Kleinwort, and Cohen, of Fenchurch-street, in the
city of London, merchants, the legal holders of a bottomry bond
on three-fourth parts of the barque or vessel A. V., her sails and
tackle, her stores and provisions, and the whole of her cargo of timber,
against the said three fourth parts of the said vessel, her sails and
tackle, her stores and provisions, and the cargo of timber now or
lately laden on board the said vessel, together with the freight due for
the transportation thereof, and whereas the said vessel and cargo are
now lying in the West India Import Dock, London, under arrest by
virtue of a warrant issued from the Registry of the said Court, and
no appearance has been entered in the said cause; This is to give
notice to all persons who have, or claim to have, any RIGHT, Title, or
Interest in the said VESSEL A. V., or in the said cargo of timber, that,
if an appearance in the said cause be not entered in the Registry of the
said Court within six days from the publication of this notice, the Judge
of the said Court will order the said vessel A. V., and the said cargo
of timber, to be sold to answer the claims instituted or to be insti¬
tuted against the same, or make such order in the premises as to him
shall seem right. —Dated the 19th day of November, 1869.
H. C. ROTHERY, Registrar.
Notice of Sale of Vessel and cargo of timber taken out by Rothery
and Co., 6, Godhman-Street, Doctors'-commons.
DEFFENTLICHE VORLADUNG.—Die Spedi¬
tions-und Commissions-Handlung Gottfr. Lerche et Co., zu
Stettin, hat wider den Kaufmann Friedrich Wilhelm Schade zu Lon¬
don, als alleiniger Inhaber der Handlung Schade Kistemann et Co.,
zu London, aus dem von dieser Handlung acceptirton in St. Peters¬
burg am SIten July (12ten August), 1868, zur Zablung nach drel
Monaten von Riedinger et Co. ausgestellten Prima Wechsel auf Zah¬
lung der darin verschriebenen Summe von £1,250 Sterling8,333 Rthi.
10 Sgr., nebst 6 per cent. Zinsen seit dem 31ten October, 1868,
sowie 4 Rthl. 20 Sgr. Protestkosten, 1-3 per cent, verauslagte und 1-3
per cent, eigene Provision die Wechselklage angestrengt und gleich¬
reitig beantrag,den in den diesseitigen Akten L. No.383 de 1869, Dep.2,
angelegten Arrest fur justificirt zu erachten.
Die Klage ist eingelestet, und da der jetzige Aufenthalt des Kauf¬
manns FRIEDRICH WILHELM SCHADE unbekannt ist, so wird
dieser hierdurch OEFFENTLICHE AUFGEFORDERT, in dem zur
Klagebeantwortung und woiteren milndlichen Verhandlung der Sache
auf den Sten Juni, 1870, Vormittags 10 Uhr, vor der unterzeichneten
Gerichtsdeputation im Stadtgerichtsgeblude, Judenstrasse, No. 59,
Zimmer No. 67, anstehenden Termin punktlicht zu erschinen, die
Klage zu beantworten, etwaige Zeugen mit zur Stelle zu bringen, und
Urkunden im Original einzureichen, in dem auf spatere Einreden,
welche auf Thatsachen bernhen, kein Rucksicht genommen werden

Erscheint der Beklagte zur bestimmten Stunde nicht, so werden die
in der Klage angefuhrten Thatsachen und Urkunden auf den Antrag
des Kligers in contumaciam fur zugestanden und anerkaunt erachtet,
und was den Rechten nach daraus folgt, wird im Erkenntniss gegen
den Beklagten ausgesprochen und nach Befinden auch der in den
Akten L. No. 382 de 1866, Dep. 2, angelegte Arrest fur justificirt
crachtet werden.—Beriin, den 4ten November, 1869.
KOENIGLICHES STADT-GERICHT, Abtheilung fur Civil¬
Sachen, Prozess-Deputation 2.
BUBLIC CITATORY LETTER.—The agency busi¬
ness of Gottfr. Lerche and Co., of Stettin, in pursuance to the
first bill of exchange, drawn by Riedinger and Co., for payment after
three months at St. Petersburg, the 31st July (12th August), 1868,
and accepted by the business of Schade, Kistemann and Co., of Lon¬
don, has brought in a suit in exchange matters against the merchant,
Friedrich Withelm Schade, of London, as the sole proprietor of the
business of Schade, Kistemann and Co., of London, for payment of
the sum, stated in the said bill of exchange, of £1,.50 st., which is
equal to 8,333 Prussian thalers and one-third, inclusive of six per cent.
interest since the 31st October, 1868, as well as for four Prussian thalers
and two-thirds of protest charges, one-third per cent. of disbursed pro¬
vision, and one-third per cent, of own provision, and has at the same
time motioned to declare the arrest made by our legal documents,
marked L. Number 382 of 1869, Dep. 2, as legally justified.
The said suit has been begun, and the present stay and whereabout
of the merchant FRIEDRICH WILHELM SCHADE being un¬
known, he is hereby publicly summoned to APPEAR the 9th June,
1870,at 10 o'clock in the forenoon precisely, as the day fixed for answer¬
ing the suit and further oral proceeding in the matter before the here¬
under signed Deputation of the Court in the House of the Court, Juder¬
strasse No. 59, room No. 67, in order to answer the suit, to bring with
himself witnesses, and to produce origiual deeds and documents, as no
account can and will be made of later exceptions which are founded on
matters of fact.
If the defendant does not appear at the hour appointed, the facts
and documents allegen in the proceenings will be, at the request of the
plaintiff, considered as acknowledged and agreed with for contumacy.
and all that lawfully follows therefrom will he pronounced in the
judgment against the defendant, and the arrest made by our legai
decuments, marked L. Number 332 ot 1869, Dep. 2, will eventually be
declared as lawfully justified. —Berlin, the 4th November, 1869.
(Signed),
ROYAL TOWN COURT, Division for Civil Matters,
Law aut Deputation 2.
ROME.—DITTA FREEBORN and Co., English
and American Banking-house (established in 1824), have lately
been JOINED in PARTNERSHIP by ARTHUR J. DANYELL,
Esq. (late Captain H.M.'s 31st Regiment), and have Removed their
Offices from the Via Condotti to No. 79, Bocca di Leone, Palazzo, Tor¬
tonin, opposite the Letel d'Angleterre.
NOTICE.—PATENT NORWEGIAN SELF¬
ACTING PORTABLE COOKING APPARATUS and SIMPLE
REFRIGERATOR. S. W. SILVER and Co., 66 and 67, Cornhill, and
Nos. 2, 3, and 4, Bishopsgate within, London, are the sole licensess and
manufacturers.
NOTICE.
C. J. KLAFTENBERGER (late Aubert
and Klaitenberger), watch e e e
S  
the e Queen and
Royal an
toe e enn
firmeestab iin.
ed 1833, at 157, Regent¬
street) begs respect  l 
returning thanks to the nobility and gentry
for the liber.
upport awarded him duning the e

established, to into.
them that he continues to carry on business at
the aboveenm
premises, and
he,is in no way connected with
any othe
firm.
NOTICE.—LORD STANLEY SCARF, improved,
can be optained of all the principal hosiers and outfitters in the
Uuted Kingdom. None are genuine unless stamped in gold on band
with our trade mark, an octagon, with "Nogateo" in centre, which is
our exclusive properry in the manufacture and sale of scarfs, ties, shirts,
and collars. The full penalties of "The Merchandiso Marks Acts
1862," will be enforced in case of piracy.—LLOYD, ATTRLE, and
SMITH, 32 and 33, Wood-streel, London. Wholesale only.
NOTICE.—Mr. C. F. HANCOCK, semor parrner
of the firm of C. F. Bancock, bon, ann Co., 39, Bruton-street,
corner of Bond-street, begs respectiully to inform his patrons that he
will reure from business at the ene of the present year: the arm
for the ruture will consist of his son, Mr. Mortimer Hancock, Mr.
Stewart, and Mr. Dore. In conrequence of the retirement of the senior
partner, the whole of the valuable stock of DIAMONDS, Jewellery,
Plate, and Works of Art, in gold and silver, is now being SOLD at
greatly reduced prices.
NOTICE.—Messrs. D. NICOLL and Co., Merchants
and Wholesale Clothiers, corner of Fell-street and Monkwell¬
street, city, have to announce that they do not in any way sell goods
retail; and, except to members of the trade dealing with them, they
cannot from this date show at the above warehouse or at their factorien
either patented garments or the machinery by which they are pro¬
duced. This notice is necessary owing to the wide-spread curiosity
now existing, especially with regard to the process of manufacturing
the Rug Palctot, a garment without a seam, produced entirely by ma¬
chinery from raw nyed wool, and through the several processes of
weaving, cutting, sewing, &c., till it is ready for the wearer's use.
Members of the press, who have shared in the general curiosity on the
subject, have thus reported their opinions:—
"The Rug Paletot is an ingeniously contrived and exceedingly ser¬
viceable garment."—Court Journal.
"The Rug Paletot is, without exaggeration, a marvel of cheapness
and serviceableness."— Weekly Register.
The great novelty of the season is undoubtedly the Rug Paletot."
—Court Circular.
"The Rug Paletot, varying from half-a-guinea to a guinea, places
it within the reach of all."—Draper.
"The Rug Paletot, the most useful and cconomical article of clothing
ever brought under our notice."—Bell's Weekly Messenser.
"No one should be without one of Nicoll's Rug Paletots."—Illus¬
trated Sporting News.
"Anything better looking of its kind and cheaper has never been
devised."—Observer.
"Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co. have hit upon a novelty in the way of
clothing of a very ingenious, useful, and economic character. The
fame of this firm as patentees, of improved garments is well known.
The Rug Paletot is the most useful article of clothing that has ever
been brought under our notice. It is formed to fit anybody either as
a cloak or as a railway rug, and it is said that specimens may be had at
every bookstall and railway station throughout the kingdom." — Sunday
Times.
The trade mark of Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co. consists of their
name, and the shields of arms of London and Paris on a label or
loop attached to each garment. A stock is kept by the principal
clothiers, hosiers, and drapers throughout the kingdom. Their ad¬
dresses will be forwarded on application to 6, Fell-Street, Wood¬
street, London, to which place notice of any infringement of trade
mark or patent rights may be sent. This mark should always be in¬
quired for by customers, as it is never attached to any other than
goods of first-rate qualities. All Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co.'s fashion¬
able garments thereby sustain a reputation of more than a quarter of
a contury's standing, and in retiring from the retail, and adhering to
the whole sale trade, the opportunity has been enlarged for the public.
to obtain Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co.'s manufactures through more
than 800 agencies.
