DOVER CASTLE.—Arrived; all well. With much
MARRY to ROSE.—Did dear. Emie get my last in
ety Please write. You know where 1 am. Yours ever,
HARRY F.
LONKEY.—My darling; your third letter was
answered immediately and addressed as you desired. I am not
or ungrateful. Doonot send again through same channel as
last, but direct as before. Your fair friend has necelved you.—H.
ETON and HARROW.—GENTLEMEN educated
at and interested in these Schools are requested to COMMU¬
NICATE with the Secratary of the Eton and Harrow Club, 3, Pall¬
mall east.
TO PARISH CLERKS and others.—ONE POUND
REWARD for COPY of MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE of
CHEESE with OUTRAM. Supposed to have taken place in or about
Westminster, about 1789. Apply to W. Cheese, Castle Lower-lodge, Dudley.
MARY ANN HUNT, Spinster, deceased.—EMILY
BEAL, who in February, 1867, was domestio servant to Miss
3 Church-terrace, Camberweh, Surrey, is requested to
COMMUNICATE with Messrs, Schultz and Son, Solicitors, 12, South¬
square, Gray's-inn, London.
IF JAMES COLSON, the younger, who, on or about
the9th of October, 1859, embarked at Liverpool in the ship Lots
bund for the Azores, and who has never since been heard of will
APPLY at once to Mr. William Godfrey Newman, Southampton,
Solicitor, he will hear something greatly to his advantase.
IF EDWIN TAYLER, ainest son of Edwin Tayler,
late
Bristol, brother of Robert Tayler, late of Warminster,
will APPLY to Messrs. Cruttwell, Daniel, and Cruttwell, Solicitors,
Frme, Somerset, he may obtain payment of a small legacy to which
he is entitled.—CRUITWELL, DANIEL, and CRUTTWELL,
Solicitors, Frome, 12th Oct., 18
E I Z.

BROWN and
LTER
BROWN.—Hf ELIZABETH MARY BRO
N the wvidow of
George browd, a 
of John Brown and Mary, his wife (whe reside.
for

in John-street, Blackfriars-road), and WALTER
BROWN, the son of the said George and Elzabeth Ma.
Brown, will
APPL

rsigned they will near of something to their
vantage.—W
LIAM LEVER, 52, Addison-road, Kensington, W.
October 12 1876.
BROSECUTION of SPIRITUALISTS.—The firm
 Solicitors, whose clerk spoke to Protessor Lankester in Bow¬
treet Police Court on Tuesday last, are urgently requested to DOM¬
MUNICATE with Mr. Lankester, at Exeter College, Oxferd. If
either they or the lady, their client, will write to Mr. Lankeeter, the
strictest secrecy is promised.
HOME for INCURABLE CHILDREN, 33, Maida¬
vale, W.—Patron H.R.H. the
CHRISTIAN.—The
comee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of a SUB¬
SCHIPTION of £1 each from the Manquis Townshend and Mrs.
Morris. Bankers—Measrs. Hoare, 37, Fleet-street.—L. S. LLOYD,
Hon. Seo.
SEAMENS HOSPITAL (Dreadnought), Greenwich¬
—The following SUBSCRIPTIONS towards the £1,000 still re¬
squired to defrav the current expenses of the present year are grate¬
fully ACKNOWLEDGED:—£6 11s. 10d. from the offices, Passen¬
gers, and Crew of the s.s. Greece, per Capt. Andrews; and £6 8s.
from those of the A exander Duthie, per Capt. Murray.—By order,
HENR: C. BURDETT, Secretary.
MATIONAL HOSPITAL for CONSUMPTION
(Ventnor).—Patron, Her Majesty the QUEEN.—The General
Committee th r
ully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEPT of £10,
being the amo ain¬
ertory at the Harvest
mhe nk nsgiving at toly
Tn n n hh  re.
Hawley, per the Rev. John J.
Wyatt.
£10 8s. 5d., being a moiety of offertories at the Harvest Thankegiving
e
Trinity and St. Nicho.
 Churches, Mo .

C. Blunt.—Offices, 12, a 

ERNEST MORGAN,
acretary.
LOST, PACKET, containing several stamped
transfers of shares and a letter headed Maschinenbau Actien
Gesellschaft Humboldt, together with receipts for £25. Supposed to
ave been dropped in Leadenhall-street, Gracechurch-street, or Lom¬
bard-street. The papers are of no value except to the owher. A
REWARD of £1 will be paid, if delivered at once to A. Parisot,
No. 26, Lombard-street.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a RED
SETTER BITCH,in the neighbourhood of Regent-street, Owners
name and regiment on the collar. Apply to Low's Hotel, St. Alban's¬
place.
TEN GUINEAS REWARD.—To Pawnbrokers and
others.—LOST, on Thursday night, near the Haymarket, a GOLD
ORYSTAL-FACED WATCH, with monogram G. B. L., in blue, on
back. Address T. G. Barrett Lennard, Cambridge-house, 94, Picca¬
dil
THIRTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wed¬
nesday, 11th inst., about mid-day, in the neighbourhood of Lon¬
don and North-Western Railway Stations at Liverpool or Manchester,
or on journey between those places, a PEARL and DIAMOND
LOCKET, in form of a cadlock, in velvet case. Whoever will take
the same to Mr. James Leverson, 37, Conduit-street, Regent-street,
shall receive the angve reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
night, at the Vaudeville Theatre, a GOLD WATCH, engine
turned at back, with gold face. Maker's name, Arnold, London. The
above reward shall be paid on delivery of the watch to the waiter
Holmes, Ridlers Hotel, Holborn.
TAKEN by MISTAKE, from the Army and Navy
Club, on Monday, 2d. October, between the hours of 2 and 4, a
DRAB WATERPROOF COAT. The advertiser would be obliged if
it could be returned to the Hall Porter.
FOUND, in a first class railway carriage on North
Stafford Railway, a handsome TRAVELLING CLOCK.—W. G.
Bagnall, Eugineer, Stafford.
FOUND, on Friday, Sept. 15th, a LIVER-COLOUR
RETRIEVER DOG. Apply Mr. Hill, Coachman, Gordon-house¬
lane, Highgate-road, N.W.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one Dividend on the sum of
£5,832 16s. New £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the
names of JOHN JOHNSTON, of 15, Queen-square, Bath, Esquire,
and EDWARD SMYTH, of Sideup, Foot's Cray, Kent, Gentleman,
and which dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt in consequence of its having remained
unclaimed since the 5th April, 1861;—Notice is hereby given, that on
the expiration of three months from this date, the said Lividend will
be paid to the Rev. William John Butier, the surviving Executor of
John Johnston, who was the survivor, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto
THE GRAND PRIZE MEDAL of the PHILA¬
DELPHIA CENTENNIAL EXHIBITION 1876, has been
AWARDED to JOHN BRINSMEAD and SONS, of 18, Wigmore¬
street London, and this is the only award for British Pianos.
NEXT of KIN OFFICE.—Established 1825 by
ROBERT CHAMBERS, 1, Great College-street, Westminster,
S.W. Tuird edition of Index (the onty work of its kind extensively
reviewed by the Press), 10s. 6d. (80,000 names). Initial letter 1s.
THAMES CONSERVANCY NAVIGATION.—
Notice is hereby given, that the Conservators of the River
Tnames propose to make the following BYE-LAWS for the REGU¬
LATION of the RIVER THAMES.
The Conservators of the River Thames, in exercise of the powers
and authority rested in them by the Thames Conservancy Acts, 1857
and 1864, the Thames Navigation Act, 1866, the Thames Conservancy
Act. 1867, and the Thames Navigation Act, 1870, and of every other
authority them hereunto in anywise enabling, do order and direct
as follows that is to say:—
1. Bye-law No. 14 of the Bye-laws of 1872 for the Regulation of the
Navigation of the River Thames, allowed by order of Her Mayesty in
Council on the 5th February, 1872, shall, after these present Bye-laws
shall have been allowed by order of Her Majesty in Council, be, and
the same is hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof
2. All vessels navigating the River between the Albert-bridge at
Chelsea and Charlton Pier shall be navigated singly and separately,
except small boats fastened together or towed alongside or astern of
other vessels, and except vesseis towed by steam.
3. Vessels towed by steam shall be placed two abreast if more than
four in number, and not more than six shall be towed together at one
tinie.
. Above and to the westward of the Albert-bridge at Chelses six
vessels and no more may be towed togethe
an n a single line at one
time; the distance betweon any two of the veasels so towed shall not
exceed 80ft.
5. Bye-law No. 16 of the Bye-laws of 1872 for the regulation of the
navigation of the River Thames, allowed by order of Her Majesty in
Council on the 5th day of February, 1872; and nye-law No. 8 of the
Bye-laws, of 1879, approved by Her Majesty in Council on the 17th day
of March, 1875, shall, after these present Bye-laws jshall have been
allowed by order of Her Majesty in Council, be, and the same are,
hereby repealed, and in lien thereof.
6. Every barge, boat, lighter, and other lighticraft of and under 50
tons burden, shail, when under way, have at least one male person
constantly on board for the navigation and management thereof and,
every barge, boat, lighter, and other like craft above 50 tons burden,
shall, when under way, have at least two maie persons on board for
the above purpose except when being towed with or without steam
power, or being moved to or from or between any vessels or places a
distance not exceeding 200 yards, when such barge, boat, lighter, and
other llke craft, of whatever tounage, sall not be obliged to have
more than one malesperson on board for the navigation and manage¬
ment thereof, and in case of noncompliance with this present Bye-law
the harbour master may take charge of and remove such craft to such
place as to such harbour master may seem fit, and the amount of the
charges and expenses of taking charge thereof, and of such removal,
shall be recoverable from the owner or owners or master thereof to
the use of the Conservators as provided by the Thames Conservancy
Act, 1857.
In construing this Bye-law the word burden shall mean the burden
or burthoen of a barge as registere

 7. Every steam vessel, before passing any vessel employed in
dredging, or in difting any sunken vessel, or in removing any obstruc¬
tion from the river, shall ease her engines so as to reduce her
speed while passing. In construing this Byc-law the word "vessel"
shall have the same interpretation as is assigned to it by Bye-law 2 of
the Bye-laws of 1872.
8. All persous cutting weeds in the river Thames, or in any stream,
canal, or watercourse tcommunicating with the river, shall remove
suon weeds immediately after cutting, so as to prevent their passing
into the river, and no person shall throw or cause to be thrown any
weeas, grass, or matter of a like nature into the river Thames, or
into any stream, canal, or watercourse communicating with the river.
9. Any person committing any breach of, or in any way intringin
any of these Bye-laws, shall be hable to a penalty of, and shall forfeit
a sum not exceeding  , oh h i,
sa
naeaa e shall be recovered, en¬

according to the provisions of the Thames Con¬
servancy Acts 1857 and 1864.
Any objection to or representation respecting the above proposed
Bye-laws shouid be sent to or left with the Secretary of the Conserva¬
tors, at 41, Trinity-square, Tower-hill, on or before the 22d day of No¬

E. BURSTAL, Secretary.
No. 41, Trinity-square, Oct. 12, 1878.
THAMES CONSERVANCY.—AMENDMENT of
the RULES and BYE-LAWS for the REGULATION of the
CARRIAGE of EXPLOSIVE SUBSTANCES on the RIVER
THAMES.—Notice is herepy given, that the Conservators of the
River Thames, in exorcise of the powers and authority vested in them
by the Explosives Act, 1875, intend to apply to the Boad of Trade
for the Counrmation of the following Bye-laws:—
1. Bye-law. Nos. 37, 49, 60, 52, and 55 of the Bye-Laws of 1676, for
the regulation of the carriage of Explosive on the River Thames,
sanctioned by the Board of Trade on the 26th day of January, 1878,
shall, after these present Bye-laws shall have been sanctioned by the
Board of lrade, be and the same are hereby repealed, and in lien
thereof the following Byer aws are substituted:—
37. Any explosive of the fiith (rulmiate) class, or any such explo¬
sive of the sixth (ammunition) class as contains its own means of
iguition, or any explosive of the seventh (firework) class, shall not be
conveyed in the same ship or boat with any explosive not of the class
and division to which it belongs, unless it be sufficiently separated
the efrom to prevent any fire or expiosion which may take place in
one such exprosive being communicated to another.
49. Ships shall not carry more than 1,0001b, of any explosive (other
than explosive of the first division of the sixth ammunition class) at
the same time with any naphtha, paraffin, petroleum, or other vela¬
tile oif, excopt a small quantity for the ship's own use, and such
naphtha, paraffin, petroleum, or other volatile oil, shall not be nsed
for any purpose or any pretence whatever, in a ship carrying more
than 1,00010, of any explosive (other than explosives of the first divi¬
sion of the sixth ammunition class) whilst such ship is in the River
Thames within the jurisdiction of the Conservators.
This Bye-law shall be deemed to be, and read as if it were included

50. The explosives to which this pert refers may be loaded or un¬
loaded at the following and at no other public wharves—Orchard
Ferry, Ferry in Bugsby's Hole, Charlton Causeway, Erith Causeway.
Explosives belonging to Division 1 of the sixth (ammunition) class
may also be loaded or unloaded at the public wharf, Blackwall Stairs.
50a. Whenever any exprosive is a out to be loaded or unloaded at
the public wharves specified in Bye-law 50, notice shall be given before¬
hand by the person or persons directing the loading or unloading to
the inspecting ofeer of sue district appointed by the Conservators
under the Exprosives Act, 1875, and to the Divisional Superintendent

This Bye-law shall be deemed to be and read as if it were included
in Part 1, of these Bye-laws.
52. Ships or boats laden wholly or in part with any of the abeve¬
named explosives shall not proceed up the River Thames beyond or
to the westward of Hole Haven, nor shall any ship or bost load or un¬
load the explosives abovementioned at any place in the river except

55. Notwithstanding anything herein contained, a quantity not ex¬
ceeding five tons of the abovenamed explosives may, by special per¬
mission given by the Conservators, be loaded or unloaded on board
ships at or near the lowest buoy in Higham Bight, and boats may
joad or unload the abovenamed explosives at such place or places,
and in suchquantities as the Conservators may, by special permis¬

And further notice is given, that the Conservators of the River
Thames will receive objections to or representations respecting the
above-proposed Bye-laws during one calendar month from the date
hereof, to be addressed to me, their Secretary, at their office,
No. 41, Trinity-square, Tower-hill, London.
E. BURSTAL
ka. 41, Trixit-sqnsse, Tewee-hill. London, E.C., October . 1878.
