WX. Y.—Not settled. Great difficulty. All well.

A. F.—COME or WRITE directly to your wretched
wife, Hennie, for the sake of the dear children. All will be for¬
TO A. C.—Cpof up gistu kpjou ublfo pyu sftufsebs
—Dimpspgpsn—sfhinft bmpof qeiwioufe uf gvmgimmjoh nz
qspnitf up zpy—Nzptpujt.—May 3d.
W. M. M.—Sory to say your supposition is correct,
.
Have been severely ill since nearly the middle of March.
Recovering gradually, but unable to recommence safely, as yet. Sin¬
cere thanks.—No. 15, Warwick-street, Charing-cross.
IN MEMORIAM, 3d May.—JOHN GURNEY
HOARE, Esq., the Treasurer of the Albert Orphan Asylun
ACKNOWLEDGES with much gratitude the munificent DONATION
of £1,000 from a friend, in aid of the funds of the Asylum.
Office, 9, Southampton-street, Bloomsbury, W.C.
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand,
W.C.—The Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEIPT, through the donation bexes at the Hospital, during the
month il, 6 13 4 s e e e,
note, No. 90414, wrapped
round three sovereigns.
HENRY WOOLGOTT, Secretary.
THE Committee of the LONDON INFIRMARY
for ULCERATED LEGS, &c., 1, Red Lion-square, W.C., beg
gratefully to ACKNOWLEDGE CONTRIBUTIONS of work from a
lady for the Bazaar, which is to be held, by the kind permission of
Lady Caroline Neeld, at 26, Upper Brook-street, on the 23d and 24th
of May.
MR. WILLIAM PEMBERTON, who in March,
1864, resided at Grove-villa, Highbury, is

WARD his ADDRESS to Mr. Purssell, Cornhill, E.C.
ISABELLA LEE.—The ADDRESS of Mrs.
ISABELLA LEE, who, in December, 1852, was living at 25, Great
Cambridge-street, Hackney-road, London, if dead, that of her child or
children.—P. O., post-office, Cheltenham.
JOAN ROBINSON.—If J
AEA R E.
INSON,
daughter of Thomas Robinson, of Knaresborough,
orkshire
and Joan McCulloch or Robin.
nspouse
will apply to E. S.L
solicitor British Linen Com.
Wigtown. N.B., she will HEAR

to her AVANTAGE. Any person able to

information re a a Me,
 Robinson's
tetr esidence
requeste
to communicate ie,


WD.
TO SOLEIE E a
d others.—
ames Lamb, Esq.,
late of 75, Queen-Street, Cheapside, deceased.—It is believed that
the abovenamed JAMES LAMB made and executed a WILL, or codi¬
cil, to a will, in the month of May or June, 1859.—Any person who can
give INFORMATION as to the execution of any such document, or
the draft of it, or of any subsequent will or codicil, will please commu¬
nicate with Mr. William Walter, solicitor, 14, George-street, Man¬

LOST, a WARRANT, numbered 17,266, for 13
cases of wine, ex Panther, entered by C. and F. B. Canneaux,
on the 4th February, 1861. Whoever wl el re
the same to Mr.
Peverley, 73, Coleman-street, city, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Thursday, the 4th inst., either at Bromley
Station or at Ludgate-hill, TWO TRANSFER DEEDS, of no
use to anyone but the owner. A REWARD will be given if brought
to 1, Shorter's-court, Throgmorton-street, E.C.
LOST, this morning, May 5th, about 9 o'clock, either
between Park-lane and Westbourne-terrace, or thence to
Regent-circus, Piccadilly, TWO BANK of ENGLAND NOTES,
value £15. Whoever has found them, and will bring them to 24, Duke¬
street, St. James's, shall be well REWARDED.
LOST.—LEFT in first-class carriage at Tunbridge¬
on Wednesday, May 3d, 4,20 express from London-bridge,
a BROWN PAPER PARCEL, containing a buff cambric dress, and
one gray woollen glace.
aht to Mr. Hughes, stationmaster,
Tunbridge-wells, TWENTY SHILLINGS will be AWARDED.
LOST DOG.—Caution.—The attention of gentle¬
men to whom a handsome MALTESE TERRIER may be offered
for sale by any stranger is respectfully directed to the following extract
from The Times of the 1st May :—"One Pound Reward.—Lost, on
Wednesday night, from the Adelaide-road, Carlo, a young Maltese
terrier, white, except a very slight iron stain on the haunch. Whoover
will bring the dog to Mr. Wren, livery stables, next The Adelaide,
Chalk-farm-gate, shall receive the above reward." Information will be
thankfully received by Mr. Wren.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST in Ken¬
sington-gardens, on the 30th of April, a small, CLEAR-GLASS
SMELLING-BOTTLE, mounted in gold, set with turqouises. The
above reward will be paid if it is brought to No. 18, Hyde-park-gardens.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—DOG LOST—a very
small Black and Tan Terrier, answering to the name of "Trotty,"
from a house in Guilford-street, Russell-square, on the afternoon of
Tuesday, the 2d of May. The above reward will be given to any person
restoring the same to the owner, at Yeoman's livery stables, Guilford¬
street, Russell-square.
TO CABMEN and others. — ONE POUND RE¬
WARD.—LEFT in a Hansom CAB, at Waterloo Station, last
Monday afternoon, May 1, at 5.25, a MOROCCO LEATHER HAND
BAG, containing papers, &c. A reward will be given on production to
J. O., care Messrs. Burrup and Sons, 12, Royal Exchange (east side).
REWARD of TEN POUNDS.—LOST, on the
afternoon of Thursday, the 4th inst., in the neighbourhood of
the Strand, Villiers-street, or Holborn, Red Lion-street, a solitaire
brillant DIAMOND RING, in plain gold setting, for the recovery of
wnich the above reward will be paid. Apply at 15, Fenchurch-Street.
CAUTION.—Notice to Billbrokers and others.—
LOST or MISLAID, a BILL of EXCHANGE, dated April 12.
1865, at three months' date, drawn by Edwin Wood on, and accepted
by, R. Harris, of 6, Frideswide-place, Kentish-town.

ing the same and bringing it to 8, Charing-cross, will be REWARDED.
—34 May, 1865.
FOUND, on 29th April, in Cannon-street, E.C., a
GRAYHOUND. If not owned in seven days it will be SOLD
to defray expenses. Apply at J. Welch's, Church-Street, Borough, any
evening between 8 and 10 p.m.
DENNINGTON BEAVER, formerly of Chalton¬
street, Somers-town, London, shopman in a chins warehouse,
and who in the year 1854 enlisted in the 3rd Rifle Brigade in the
name of George Parker, and was present at the Battle of the Alma.
and wounded in the head, and afterwards in conseonence discharged
from the army, is requested to FORWARD his ADDRESS to Messrs.
Soames and Cooke, solicitors, Wokingham, who have

ness matters to communicate to him in connexion with his late aunt
Miss Mary Beaver, deceased.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transter from the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt of the sum of £50 Reduced £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of JOHN BOYLE. Jun.,
of Stonehouse, near Devonport, surgeon, and which was transferred to
the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having
remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1855; Notice is hereby
given that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the
said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to
the said John Boyle, jun., who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of four dividends on the sum of £146
per annum. Consolidated Long Annuities, heretofore standing in the
name of CHARLES BICKNELL, of Spring-garden-terrace, Esq., de¬
ceased, and which dividends were paid over to the Commissioners for
the Reduction of the National Debt in consequence of the first thereof
having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1827 —Notice is hereby
given, that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said
Dividends will be Paid to Henry Edgeworth Bicknell, acting surviving
executor of Joseph Bicknell, who was the surviving executor of the
said Charles Bicknell, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 2,653.—The ERNST MERCK.—Whereas a cause has
been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of England, on behalf
of Erick Peter Siedquist, of Gothenborg, in the kingdom of Sweden,
master mariner, lately master of the serew steamship or vessel Erst
Merck, and on behalf of the late crew thereof, against the said vessel,
her tackle, apparel, and furniture, now lying in the Victoria Docks,
London, under arrest, by virtue of a warrant issued from the Registry
of the said Court, and no appearance has been entered in the said
caussThis is to give notice to all persons who have, or claim to have,
any RIGHT, Title, or interest in the said VESSEL that, if an appear¬
ance in the said cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court
within six days from the publication of this notice, the Judge of the
said Court will order the said vessel to be sold, to answer the claims
instituted, or to be instituted, against the same, or make such order in
the premises as to him shall seem right. —Dated the 4th day of May,
1865.
H. C. ROTHERY, Registrar.
Seal of the High Court of Admiralty of England.
Notice of sale of ship taken out by Rothery and Co., No. 6, Godli¬
man-Stre t. Doctors'-commons, London.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of
ENGLAND.—No. 2.708.—The LUISITA: Edward S. Hardy
formerly, and Richard Chandler now or lately, Master.— Whereas a
cause of bottomry has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty
of England, on behalf of Charles Crokat Duncan and George W.
Kendall, of Liverpool, in the county of Lancaster, merchants, the
legal owners of a bottomry bond on the ship or vessel Luisita and
freight, against the said vessel, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and
the freight due for the transportation of the cargo now or lately laden
therein; and whereas the said vessel is now lying in Canada Dock,
Liverpool aforesaid, under arrest by virtue of a warrant issued from
the Registry of the said Court, and no appearance has been entered in
the said cause; This is to give notice to all persons who have or
claim to have any RIGHT, Title, or interest in the said VESSEL,
that, if an appearance in the said cause be not entered in the Registry
of the said Court within six days from the publication of this notice
the Judge of the said Court will order the said vessel to be sold to
answer the claims instituted or to be instituted against the same, or
make such order in the premises as to him shall seem right. —Dated
the 3d day of May, 1865.
H. C. ROTHERY, Registrar.
Notice of Sale of Ship taken out by Gregory and Rowcliffes,
No. 1, Bedford-row, London.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 145.—
Rainsford's Farm.
atcham, Berks. In the matter of the e

chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on
the application of GEORGE WHITE, of Henwick, in the par¬
of
NTh

oof
rks, Esq., the Registrar of th e o fic e ed
land Registry intends.
the expiration of three calendar months
from the date
roeof, to R.

the e indefeasible TITLE
those HEREDITAME
to  called or known as Rains o F.

in t e e pe h t

th e co t Berks, containin,
66a. 1r. 32p., and which hereditaments are delineated on the map, No.145.
lepost
 b y th e aplicants in the Office of Land Regis
oe e e e e
the
scripition o f th e sa me, and
cierin ede e en
the re e Together
with the mines and minerals under the same hereditaments. If any
berson objects to, or desires to show cause against suche
stration, or

ae e e
ct to any oon
ions or reserva¬
tions, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge o 
ility.
not already proved or admitted be fore the
cgistr er, sh o uld he ontered
on the Register with reference to such hereditamen


be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields,
at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar months
from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by
affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause against,
or to make such claims in respect of such registration. But any per¬
son desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in
writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and
address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry before the
expiration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from making the same. The said
map of the said hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land Registry
may be inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration
of the said three calendar months from the date hereof. —Dated this
6th day of May, 1865.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
GEORGE WHITE, the Applicant in Person.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 87. — Surhi¬
ton, Kingston, Surrey.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th
ictoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the application of
FRANK GISSING DEBENHAM, of No. 80, Cheapside, in the city of
London, auctioneer, the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry in¬
tends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the date hereof,
to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE all those HEREDITA¬
MENTSin the parish of Kingston-upon-Thames, in the county of Surrey,
containing 6a. 0r. 25p., or thereabout, in the tenure or occupation of Frank
Gissing Debenham, abutting partly on or towards the east on the
road from Dorking and Leatherhead to Kingston, and partly on South¬
boroughvillas, on or towards the north-west by land of Charles Cork¬
rane, on or towards the west by land of Wegg Brosser, in the parish of
Long Ditton, and on or towards the south by land of Miss Adams, and
which hereditaments are delineated on the map No. 87, deposited by
the applicant in the Office of Land Registry, as part of the description of
the same, and therein edged with red, together with the mines and
minerals under the same hereditaments. If any-person objects to,
or desires to show cause against such registration, or claims that the
same should be subject to any conditions o e.
Sservations, or that any
particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved
or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the Register
with reference to such hereditaments such person may be heard at
the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time
before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affdavit or other
wise, to make such objection or to show cause against, or to make such
claim in respect of such registration. But any person desiring to make
such oblection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the
particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the
Office of Land Registry before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof otherwise he will be excluded from
making the same. The said map of the said hereditaments de¬
posited in the Office of Land Registry may be inspected at the said
office at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof. — Dated this 6th day of May, 1865.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
F. G. DEBENHAM. Applicant in Person.
UDGATE-HILL RE-NUMBERED.—50 is the
number assigned by the Commissioners of Sewers to the ware¬
house of Messrs. SAMUEL, BROTHERS, merchant tailors, Ludgate¬
hill tone door from the Old Baileyl.
