LONDON.—Please WRITE. I trust it may not be
long before we meet again.
D. A. —BWU will MEET you at H. any day.
Write to
 three days before.
et. C.—initials are not received at the P.O¬
Address in
own name, Mr......, with symbol in left

AAPRIBD.—A.
te e e e. Votr;
indifférence m'inquicte. ECRIVEZ, je yous prie, à Drum¬
mond-street. 64, N.W. Votre A. F.
THE Late Sir HENRY PELHAM.—The party
who in the latter part of last year advertised in America for the
HEIR of Sir HENRY PELHAM is requested to send his address, with
a copy of the advertisement referred to, to Messrs. Boydell and Powell,
solicitors, Chester.
ONE THOUSAND POUNDS REWARD.—
Whereas, a warrant has been granted for the apprehension of
SIGMUND DITRICHSTEIN, late of the Jamaica Coffeehouse and of
Worthing, who has ABSCONDED, having by means of a frand
obtained in London, on the 29th August last, the undermentioned
Bank Notes, viz.:—
Two of £500 Nos. 92597 and 92598, dated 16th February, 1863.
Six of £200, Nos. 85128 to 85132, and 81954, dated 4th July, 1862.
32 of £100, Nos. 42635 to 42654, and 42635 to 22696, dated 19th May, 1863.
39 of £50, Nos. 88309 to 88347, dated 20th April, 1863.
51 of £20, Nos. 22451 to 22500, and 19109, dated 21st July, 1863.
The said Sigmund Ditrichstein is a Hungarian, about 33 years of
age, 5ft. 7 or 8 in, high, with dark hair, grayeyes of peculiar appearance,
small head, thin face, sallow complexion, slight moustache, small
whiskers, very small hands, and very small narrow feet. Ho is accus¬
tomed when speaking to shrug up his shoulders continually. He was
last seen in London during the afternoon of 29th August. He is
married, and may be travelling with his wife and child, a boy about
three years old. Mrs. Ditrichstein is an Austrian, and about 26 years
of age. Whoever will within six months from this date give such
information as shall lead to the apprehension of the said Sigmund
Ditrichstein shall receive £200 reward; and whoever shall within the
same time give such information as shall lead to the recovery of
the said Bank Notes shall receive a reward of £800, or a proportionate
part thereof, according to the amount recovered. Information to be
given to Messrs. R. and S. Mullens, solicitors, 7, Poultry, London,
E.C.; or to Inspector Hamilton, Detective Police-office, 26, Old Jewry,
London, E.C.—London, 15th September, 1863.
LOST, on Saturday last, between St. James's-park
and Westbourne-terrace, a GOLD BREQUET CHAIN, with
pencil-case and key attached. Whoever will bring the same to Mitch¬
ley, news agent, Great Queen-st., Westminster, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Saturday afternoon, a £20 BANK of
ENGLAND NOTE, No. 47,017. If the finder will return it to
Mr. Wright, 7, Cursitor-street, Chancery-lane, he shall receive THREE
POUNDS REWARD. The note is stopped at the Bank.
LOST, on Saturday, August 29, at Maidenhead and
Taplow Station, G.W.R., a BLACK CURLY RETRIEVER
BITCH, with new collar on. TWO POUNDS REWARD will be
paid to any person bringing her back to Mr. Batt, Little Marlow,
Bucks.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST on the 29th
of August, near Gray's-inn-road, a FRENCH SPANIEL DOG,
about 18 or 20 inches high, colour white, eyes light green; answers to
the name of "Sam." Had on a brown collar, with brass plate. Apply
at 12, Russell-place, Fitzroy-square.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in Hyde-park
square, on Sunday last, a small BLACK and TAN TERRIER,
eight months old, ears not cropped, and answers to the name of Prince.
Any person bring the same to 24, Albion-street, Hyde-park, W., shall
receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT, in a Hansom
cab, on Monday evening, the 14th September, about half-past 6,
discharged at the East London Ragged School, 4, Mansell-Street,
Whitechapel, E., a small BLACK LEATHER BAG, containing
papers of no value but to the owner. The above reward will be given
upon delivery at 7, Bedford-place, Russell-square.
PURSE LOST, between Westminster Abbey and
the House of Commons, on Saturday, the 12th inst. Purse
containing money and papers. Should any one have found the same,
and will return the papers (as they are of great consequence to the
lady, being from the continent), a REWARD will be given. Apply at
the Pulteney Hotel, 13, Albemarle-street, W.
FOUND, on the 30th of August, a BLACK RE¬
TRIEVER DOG. The owner can have it by paying all expenses.
Apply to F. Bennett, baker, North-hill, Highgate.
CAUTION.—N. WHITEHOUSE, Optician, 2
Cranbourn-street, Leicester-square (two doors from Barford
anorama), finds it necessary to inform the public that he has NOT
REMOVED, and is in no way connected with another house trading
in the same name. Established 1830.
GRIMBLE and Co.—Notice.—An advertisement
having appeared in the Morning Advertiser newspaper, of the
8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, and 12th days of September instant, stating that
Mr. Thomas Herbert Edmands, describing himself as the late acting
partner of the above firm of Grimble and Co., had ceased all connexion
with the said firm, and that at an early date he would wait on the trade
for orders, as negotlations were then waiting completion prior to his
joining another firm, and also in reference to certain circular letters
issued by William Hay and the said Thomas Herbert Edmands
the public are respectfully informed that his Honour the Master of
the Rolls has directed an INJUNCTION to be awarded and issued out
of the High Court of Chancery against the said WILLIAM HAY and
THOMAS HERBERT EDMANDS, restraining them or either of
them, or by any other persons or person by their order from collecting
or receiving any book debts or book debt or other debts or debt or sums
or sum of money whatsoever, due or owing to or in respect of the trade
or business lately or at any time carried on by them or either of them, at
the distillery or premises, in Albany-street, Regent's-park, in the
county of Middlesex, under the name or firm of Grimble and Co., and
also restraining the said Thomas Herbert Edmands from carrying on
or being concerned either directly or indirectly in any distillery or busi¬
ness of the same kind as that at the date of the agreement of the 27th
day of July, 1863, being the agreement for sale and purchase of the said
distillery carried on by them the said William Hay and Thomas Her¬
bert Edmands. The public will therefore take notice that all outstand¬
ing debts are to be paid to the present firm. —Dated this 12th day of
September, 1863.
WALTER and MOOJEN, Applicant's Solicitors,
No. 8, Southampton-street, Bloomsbury.
LONDON ORPHAN ASYLUM, Clapton, instituted
1813, for the Maintenance and Education of Fatherless Children
of either sex, and wherever resident. Orphans are eligible between the
ages of seven and 11 being retained in the asylum until 15 years of age.
The SECOND JUBILEE ELECTION has been fixed for Monday,
the 25th January, 1864, when 50 orphans are again to be admitted to
the benefits of the Charity. Forms of application may be had at the
office.
454 orphans are now in the Asylum.
orphans have been admitted this year.
2,849 orphans have been already assisted.
Contributions gratefully received, as the Charity depends for four¬
fifths of its income on voluntary ald.
Annual subscription for one vote, 10s. 6d.; for two votes, £1 1s.
life subscription for one vote, £5 5s.; for two votes, £10 10s., entitling
to vote at the next clectio.
TULLIE CORNTHWAITE, M.A., Hon.
JOHN GODDING, M.A.,
Secs.
JAMES ROGERS, Secretary.
Office, 1, St. Helen's-place.
THE ASYLUM for IDIOTS, Earlswood, Redhill,
Surrey, for the Care and Education of the Idiot and Imbecile,
especially in the earlier periods of life. Incorporated by Royal Charter.
—The AUTUMNAL ELECTION of this Charity will occur on Thurs¬
day, October 29, at the London Tavern, Bishopsgate-street.
The Board have much pleasure in announcing the numbers for elec¬
tion to be the same as in April last, viz, 25 for the ordinary period of
five years, and five for re-election for life.
The Board are greatly encouraged by the generous support of the
public, and hope that the subscriptions will shortly justify them in ad¬
vancing on this number. The debt on the building has been reduced
from £20,000 to £9,000, and this they trust by a special effort during the
ensuing year entirely to liquidate.
The Board have confidence that all the friends of this noble Institu¬
tion will join with them in accomplishing this very desirable object,
and that the time will soon come, when entirely freed from debt, they
will have the satisfaction of admitting at every election a much larger
numben.

There are nearly 360 children in the Asylum. A large number are
applying for admission.
Contributions are earnestly solicited.
Pamphlets illustrating the workings of the Charity, and cards to view
the Asylum, may be had gratuitously on application at the office.
An annual subscriber has one vote for half-a-guinea, and an addi¬
tional vote for every additional half-guinea; a life subscriber has one
vote for life for five guineas, and an additional vote for life for every ad¬
ditional five guineas. JOHN CONOLLY, M.D., D.C.L., Hon. Sec.
WILLIAM NICHOLAS, Secretary.
Cheques and post-office orders should be made payable to Mr. William

SUPERIOR CARTES de VISITE, 7s. 6d. per
dozen, at 45, Ludgate-hill, city.—In consequence of these premises
being required by the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway, the
PARISIAN PHOTOGRAPHIC COMPANY will continue to take the
cartes at the reduced price, only until their removal.
ILLE. CARLOTTA PATTI.—The latest
ALBUM PORTRAIT of Mile. CARLOTTA PATTI, photo¬
graphed by Adolphe Beau, to be had of the principal dealers. On view
at Mr. ALOLPHE BEAU's atelier, 283, Regent-street, near Langham¬
place, W. Sent free on receipt of 19 stamps
ALBUM PORTRAITS, painted in oils, really well
done, by a pupil of Mrs. Barnard. Enclose photograph, 36
stamps, and description, to Mrs. Walters, 2. Vigo-street, Regent-street,
where specimens may be seen. Photographs tinted in watercolour, 18
stamps. Reference kindly permitted to Mrs. Barnard, 131, Regent-st.
ONE HUNDRED amusing COLOURED SCRAPS,
sent post free for 8s. 6d., or 200 (all different) for 16s. These
superior prints are very much admired for scrap-books or as birthday
presents, being printed in colours, something in the style of Baxter's oil
pictures. The trade supplied. Address JOHN JERRARD, 172, Fleet¬

PHOTOGRAPHIC SCRAPS, in immense variety,
comprising scriptural and secular subjects from the best masters;
animal studies, and academical studies of the female figure. Price 1s.
each, or 11s. per dozen. Lists sent on receipt of stamp. The trade
supplied.—JOHN JERRARD, 172, Fleet-street, London, E.C.
ONE HUNDRED PHOTOGRAPHIC SCRAPS
(all different), for albums and scrap books, sent post free for
7s. 9d. in postage stamps; or 200 (all different), for 14s., post free.
They are acknowledged to be very beautiful, and marvellously chear
One trial only is required to prove the fact. Address JOHN JER¬
RARD, 172, Fleet-street, E.C. The trade supplied.
MAGIC LANTERNS and DISSOLVING VIEWS.
—Lanterns and slides, from 7s. 6d.; Newton's celebrated and
greatly improved phantasmagoria lanterns, as supplied to Government,
complete in case, £3 3s. The slides are painted on the premises by first¬
rate artists. Any subject to order. Newton's improved apparatus can
only be had at their establishment. Illustrated price lists for three
stamps.—NEWTON's, manufacturing opticians to the Queen, H.R.H.
the Prince of Wales, and the Government, 3, Fleet-Street, Temple-bar
THE LITTLE SHOWMAN. How to make Punch's
Show, with all the Characters, beautifully coloured, post free for
geven stamps. A Marionette Show, beautifully coloured, post free
for seven stamps. The Magic Marionettes, 16 coloured engravings, post
gree for seven stamps.—H. G. CLARKE and Co., 252, Strand
THE LITTLE MODELLER. How to Make a
Model Village, 48 coloured engravings, post free for seven stamps.
How to Make a Model Railway, 48 coloured engravings, post free for
seven stamps. How to make Windsor Castle, 48 coloured engravings,
post free for seven stamps.—H. G. CLARKE and Co., 252, Strand.
CROQUET (speciality), superior quality, patronized
by the principal players, warranted, 18s., 21s., 25s., 30s., 40s.,
60s.; Aunt Sally, 14s., 21s., 35s.; Jack's Alive, 14s., 21s. Cricket,
archery, tourelle, bowls. Articles for the gymnasium, and every variety
of out-door game and amusement.—At CREMER, Jun.'s, European
Game Warehouse, 210, Regent-street.
THE GAME of CROQUET, prices, including
Jaques' patent croquet clips and illustrated laws of game, 15s.,
18s., 21s., 25s., 40s., 60s., 70s. Sold by Spurin, 37, New Bond-street;
Cremer, 27, New Bond-street; Spratt, 1, Brook-street; Izzard, 46,
Upper Brook-street; Miller, 32, Lowndes-street; Rose, 203, Sloane¬
street; Thyer, 35, Westbourne-grove; Sherwin, 527, Oxford-street;
Wyatt, 12, Lowther-arcade; Dixon, 29, Gracechurch-Street; Arnold.
38, King William-street; Mead and Powell, 73, Cheapside; Pearce, 77,
Cornhill. Wholesale, JAQUES and SON, patentees, 102, Hation-garden.
 Beautiful WAX DOLL, 24 inches long, with moving
eyes, packed in a neat willow work basket cradie, with rockers
complete, sent to any part of England free for 5s. A 5s. 6d., 7s. 6d.,
10s. 6d., 15s. 6d., or 21s, box of assorted penny toys free to railway sta¬
tion.—WHIBLEY's German fair, 2, Westbourne-place. W
JEWISH WEDDINGS, Balls, Soirees, Club and
other occasional purposes.—To be LET, TWO SUITES of SIX
spacious ROOMS, handsomely Furnished, and newly decorated, with
excellent kitchen arrangements. Apply to Mr. T. H. Jones, 19, Arundel¬
street, Strand.
WEDDING and EVENING PARTIES.—MAR¬
QUEES and TEMPORARY ROOMS LET on HIRE, elegantly
lined, floored, and lighted. Marquees, tents, and fiags, for fetes, hor
tirultural shows, &c.—JOHN EDGINGTON and Co., 17, Smithfield¬
bars, E.C., and 18, Piccadilly, W. Manufactory, 108, Old Kent-rd., S.E.
TO ANGLERS.—CHAS. FARLOW, 191, Strand,
manufacturer of good FISHING RODS and TACKLE, at mode¬
rate prices. Prize medal. Catalogues gratis.
WOODEN HOUSES.—WANTED, for colonia
use some, WOODEN HOUSES. Address, with fall particu
lars and price, S., Mr. Everley's, news agent, Hounslow,W
BILLIARDS.—WANTED, a second-hand BIL¬
LIARD TABLE, in good condition. Apply by letter to E. Wil¬
lamsop, 20, Morton-street, west, Pimlico.
