G. T.—A LETTER, addressed to Mrs. C. F. Johnson,
ost-office, Liverpool, AWAITS you.—C.
.M. S. S.—I wrote to Birmingham, and have been
expecting to hear from you.
CIROCCO, 2 Septembre.—Bin zu Hause in Land.
Alles ist wohl. Nicht in London gewesen. Noch zwei Briefe
rhalten. Danke.
try to put my trust in God more and more.
PONTIFEX, W.—COMMUNICATE with me,
instantly, on trust matters. I must have your signature. In
strict canfidence.—S. P., Jr.
NOT forgotten; but cul bono ? 3,000 miles apart,and
no correspondence. The Times of August 13 received.—Canada
IN petit souvenir d'une qui (vous verres), seres
loyale jusqu' à la fin." Cest dans son exil la plus grande
consolation son cour peut sentir. Soyez henreuse. Dieu vous garde'
THOS. ADD" "N LEFT his HOME in Albany¬
street, on the 20th ult. Any INEORMATION respecting him
will be gratefully received on the part of his relatives, by Thomas
Oliphant, Esq., 38, Great Marlborough-street, W.
LUCY JARRAM, who left Green-lane, Sheffield,
about 30 years ago, will HEAR of SOMETHING to her AD¬
VANTAGE by writing to her son William, Walker-lane, Philadelphia,
Sheffield.
TO SOLICITORS and others. — Susan Curry, de¬
ceased.—WANTED, the WILL (if any) of the abovenamed
SUSAN CURRY, late of Wimbledon, in the county of Surrey, de¬
ceased, widow of the late Thomas Curry, Esq., formerly of St. John's¬
wood executed subsequently to August, 1861. Apply to Messrs. Tate
and Jourdain, solicitors, 32, Bucklersbury, London, E.C.
TWO POUNDS REWARD. —WILLIAM
BEASNEY.—The above reward will be paid for a CERTIFICATE
of the DEATH of the above named person, who was a tailor, and lived
about eight years since at Croft-street, Bristol, which place he then left,
stating that he was about to sail for New York, but has not since been
heard of; and in the event of his being alive the like reward for evi¬
dence thereof will be paid upon application to Mr. James Mote, solici¬
tor, 33, Bucklersbury, London.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—ABSCONDED,
since the 9th inst., charged on a warrant with embezzlement,
WILLIAM HENRY WEBBE PORTER, late of 21, Marion-villas,
Lansdowne-road, Dalston, Middlesex, late bookkeeper to Messrs.
Morice and Dixey, insurance brokers, 143, Cannon-street, London,
E.C., about 36 years of age, 5ft, 5in, high, rather stout build, fair com¬
plexion, light hair, whiskers, beard, and moustache, pale blue eyes, dis¬
coloured teeth; usually wears a dark frock coat, light-coloured trousers,
and black hat. The above reward of £20 will be paid by Messrs. Glynes
and Son, solicitors, 4, Crescent, America-square, London, E.C., to any
person who shall give such information as will lead to the apprehension
of the said William Henry Webbe Porter. Information to be given to
Inspector Hamilton, City of London Police, Detective-office, Old
Jewry, E.C.—London, Sept. 11, 1864
LBSCONDED.— Whereas on the 10th day of Sep¬
tember, 1867, a warrant was issued by Mr. Alderman Lusk, M.P.,
at the Guildhall Police Court, in the city of London, charging William
John Barrett, of 8, Bell-yard, Doctors'-commons, and of 2. Kensington-¬
gate and Albany-villas, Brighton, solicitor, with having misappro¬
priated moncys and securities of the value of £5,000, the property of
Miss Teversham, of 1 Ladbroke-villas, Notting-hill, and whereas the
said WILLIAM JOHN BARRETT has absconded. All persons are
hereby required to give INFORMATION of the whereabouts of the
said Barrett to the undersigned.
Description of the said William
John Barrett: Married, 47 years of age, 5 feet 6 high, sandy hair and
whiskers, gray ayes, jaw underhung, dresses fashionably. Information
to be given te Inspector Hamilton, Detective Department, Old Jewry,
city; or to Messrs. Lewis and Lewis, of 10, Ely-place, Holborn, solici¬
tors to che prosecutrix.
CAUTION.—All persons indebted to Miss Teversham,
1, Ladbroke-villas, Notting-hill, in principal money advanced
on mortgage by William John Barrett, of 8, Bell-yard, Doctors'-com¬
mons, on her behalf, and overdue interest thereon, are hereby required
not to pay the same to the said Barrett, but to Messrs. Lewis and
Lewis, of 10, Ely-place, Holborn, solicitors to Miss Teversham.
LOST, by a widow, a little GRAY CHAMOIS
PURSE, containing two sovereigns and 10 or 12 shillings.
 bringing it to Mission-house, Carey-street, shall be REWARDED.
ONE POUND REWARD. —Supposed to be LOST,
between Russell-square and Piccadilly, on Thursday evening,
12th, a DOUBLE GOLD EYE-GLASS, the spring a little out of order.
Whoever will return the same to Mr. Parker, jeweller, 45, Southampy
ton-row, Russell-square, shall receive the above reward.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the
evening of the 6th inst., while travelling on the Bristol and Exeter
Railway, between Starcross and Tiverton Junction, a large GOLD
LOCKET, with initials "P. F." in jewels outside, and miniature
likeness inside. Whoever will bring the same to Marshall's British and
oreign library, 21, Edgware-road, W., shall receive the above reward.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c.—A
REGISTER containing the names of all persons who have been
advertised for to claim property since 1749. 2s. ; post free 25 stamps.—
DOUGAL and Co., 58 Cheapside, E.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of £1,500
New 3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of LUCY
SOPHIA BEMAN, of Down-street, Piccadilly, widow, deceased, and
which dividend was paid over to the Cemmissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt in consequence of its having remained unclaimed
since the 5th April, 1857;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expira¬
tion of three months from this date, the said Dividend will be paid to
James Beman, executor of Lucy Sophia Beman, deceased, who has
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and

BUGELEY FAIR.—The AUTUMNAL FAIR for
HUNTERS and first class HORSES will be held on Monday
and Tuesday, the 21st and 22d October, 1867.
By order of the Rugeley Local Board, Lessees of the
Lords of th ag ano r,
CAUTION.—I, the undersigned, hereby give notice,
that all persons detected selling any imitation of my EAU de
COLOGNE will be preceeded against by law. All purchasers should
note that the label on the bottle is that of Johann Maria Farina,
Julichs Platz, No. 4. My sole agents for Great Britain and Ireland
are Wm. Fickus, jun., and Co., 23, Mark-lane, London.
JOHANN MARIA FARINA, Julichs Platz, No. 4, Cologne
CAUTION. — Self-fitting Candies. — We,
thundersigned, do hereby give notice that we have, by letters
patent, secured to ourselves the exclusive right of making candles with
tapering ends, commonly called SELF-FITTING CANDLES, now to
be obtained of every chymist, grocer, or chandler, in all sizes, and of
various qualities. The public are cautioned against imitations, and
persons infringing such patents, or being parties privy thereto, are
hereby informed that they render themselves liable to proceedings.
C.and J. FIELD, Upper-marsh, Lambeth, London.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—The Society of Arts having
awarded their silver medal and prize of 20 guineas to Messrs.
PARKINS and GOTTO, of 25, Oxford-street, for their 2s. WRITING¬
CASE (of which 500,000 have been sold), for its utility, durability, and
cheapness, the public are hereby CAUTIONED against various imita¬
tions of the same, none being genuine unless stamped "Parkins and
Gotto," with a crown above. The Postmaster-General permits this
particular case to pass through the post for four stamps
NOTICE.—The BUSINESS of the EAGLE IN¬
SURANCE COMPANY will be conducted at the NEW
OFFICES, No. 79.
Pall-mall, on and after Monday, the 23d inst.—
No. 59, Ludgate-hill
Sept. 9, 1867.
NOTICE.—HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co.
(Limited).—Owing to numerous letters miscarrying through being
inaccurately addressed, all letters should be directed Hancock, Bur¬
brook, and Co., Limited (now Edwin W. Streeter), 37, Conduit-street,
New Bond-street, W.
NOTICE.—Messrs. CHAMPION and Co., of the
well-known vinegar and mustard works, 115, City-road, find it
necessary to state that they have no connexion whatever with any
other firm in the City-road. Confusion and misunderstanding
existing as to the delivery of letters and orders, consumers are parti¬
cularly requested to address to Champion and Co., Vinegar Works,
No. 115, City-road,
£0.
REMOVAL.—Messrs. CHUBB and SON beg to
announce the REMOVAL of their SAFE MANUFACTORY
from West Smithfield to their newly-erected premises, Chubb's Safe
Works, Glengall-road, Old Kent-road, S.E.
REMOVAL (Messrs. KELLY and Co., Printers
and Publishers of the Post-office London and Country Directo¬
ries) to TEMPORARY PREMISES (publishing-office and counting¬
house, 12, Carey-street, and printing office, 15, Gate-street, Linceln's¬
inn-fields, W. C.), from Old Boswell-court, Strand.
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES instituted with secresy and despatch
in diverce, and other cases, by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington-green.
LOST DOGS.—Persons losing dogs are recommended
to inquire at the TEMPORARY HOME for LOST and STARV¬
ING DOGS, where upwards of 130 per week are being received, among
whick are many valuable and useful animals. An early application is
desirable.
NOTICE.—The Chromolithograph" and Water¬
Colour Painting.—On view shortly the Landscapes in Water¬
Colours, by Mr. Aaron Penley, Senior Professer of Drawing and Paint¬
ing at the Royal Military College, Addiscombe, Member of the New
Society of Painters in Water-colours, and A
aor o "The English
School of Painting in Water-Colours, its Theory and Practice," who
will contribute to the new journal, the CHROMOLITHOGRAPH,
every fourth week, a full-page water colour drawing of landscape scenery
together with a descriptive lesson. The same accomplished artist and
distinguished teacher will, during each intermediate fortnight, contri¬
bute other articles, which, when completed, will elucidate the whole
art and mystery of painting in water colours. Full prospectuses of
the journal, which will contain three full-page chromolithographs
weekly, price sixpence, may be had on application to W. J. Day,
No. 20, Cockspur-street, London, S.W.
NOTICE.—"The Chromolithograph" and Figure
Painting.—On view shortly, the Figure Drawings in Water¬
Colour, by Mr. Frederick Smallfield, whose talent as an artist and
pre-eminence as a teacher in this branch of art are so well knewn, and
who has undertaken to supply a full-page coloured study and a descrip¬
tive lesson, once a month, ta the pages of the new journal, the CHRO¬
MOLITHOGRAPH. Full prospectuses of the journal, which will con¬
tain three full-page chromolithographs weekly, price sixpence, may be
had on application to W. J. Day, 20, Cockspur-street, London, S.W.
NOTICE.—"The Chromolithographs" and Flower
and Fruit Painting.—On view shortly the Oil Pictures by Mr. T.
Gronland, who is acknowledged, by our most renowned painters, to be
the very best artist for the purpose, and whe has undertaken to con
tribute, once a month, to the pages of the new journal the CHROMO¬
LITHOGRAPH, a full-page coloured study, and descriptive lesson for
executing the same in both oil and water colour; and who promises to
give, successively, the most prominent specimens to be obtained by fol¬
lowing the natural productions of the seasons: thus, enabling students
not anly to copy accurate representatious of nature, painted by an ac¬
complished artist, but also at once to appeal back to nature herself for
further inspiration. Full prospectus of the jeurnal, which will contain
three full-page chromolithographs, weekly for 6d., may be had on appli¬
cation to W. J. Day, 20, Cockspur-street, London, S.W.
NOTICE.—The "Chromolithograph" and Wood
Carving, and the various studies in connexion with that art.—On
view shortly specimens of the illustrations by Mr. George Alfred
Regers, artist in wood to the Queen, professor of wood carving at the
Crystal Palace School of Art, and author of several works on the sub¬
ject, who has undertaken to contribute to the pages of the new journal
the CHROMOLITHOGRAPH, an illustrated paper once a month,
treating of fretwork, Carved Fretwork, and the more advanced study:
ample materials, for study and execution, will thus be supplied to oc¬
cuny the amateur during the monthly intervals. Full prospectus of the
journal which will contain three full-page chromolithographs weekly,
for 6d. May be had on application to W. J. Day, 20, Cockspur-street,
London, S.W.
NOTICE.—The Chromolithograph" and Illumina¬
tion.—On view shortly, Illuminations by Messrs. W. and G.
Audsley, of Liverpool, whose magnificently illuminated works, pub¬
lished under Mr. W. Day's direction, have gained such world-wide
fame, and who have undertaken to centribute in the pages of the new
journal, the CHROMOLITHOGRAPH, once a month, a full-page
illustration, with accompanying text, and who will do all that can be
done to make every student of their articles and illustrations equally
as well informed and accomplished in execution as they themselves
are acknowledged to be. Full prospectus of the journal, which will
contain three full-page chromolithographs weekly, for 6d., may be had
ee
W. J. Day, 20, Cockspur-Street, London, S.W.
NOTICE.—"The Chromonthograph" and the Deco¬
rative Arts.—On view shortly, the coloured photographs of
objects which Mr. Dresser has selected from the Paris Exhibition to
form full-page illustrations, every week, in the pages of the new
journal the CHROMOLITHOGRAPH, with descriptive text. Full
prospectuses of the journal, which will contain three full-page chrome¬
lithographs weekly, for 6d., may be had an application to W. J. Day
No. 20, Cockspur-Street, London, S.W.
CHROMO-LITHOGRAPHS.—A large variety of
all the new CHROMOLITHOGRAPHS, varying in price from 5s.
to three gdineas each. Catalogues forwarded on application.—T.
MLEAN, 7, Haymarket, next the Theatre
ON VIEW.—The DERBY DAY: The Road and the
Course. By PHIZ. EIGHT CHROMOLITHOGRAPHS, framing
size, 35 by 17. Prints, £4 4s.: proofs, £6 6s.; coloured, £8 8s. ; or
bound.—Fores, 41, Piccadilly.
MR. JAMES M. WEHLI PERFORMS on Messrs.
Collard and Collard's IRON GRAND PIANO every night, at
the Covent-garden Concerts.
RYdesire, FAUST.—Mr. JAMES M. WEHLI will
PLAY his Fantasia on Faust, THIS EVENING (18th time).
BUDALL, ROSE, CARTE, and Co.'s SILVER
CYLINDER FLUTE (Carte's fingering, 1867 patent).—Mr.
BENJAMIN WELLS will PERFORM, on the above instrument, at
Weymouth, Oct. 9th; Dorchester, Oct. 10th, and will be happy to ex¬
plain its peculiar advantages.
THE QUEEN's CONCERT ROOMS, Hanover¬
square, may be ENGAGED fer concerts, balls, weddings, lec¬
tures, &c. For terms apply to Mr. Fish, manager; Robert Cocks,
proprietor.
