CHARLIE.—I am sorry I did not recognise you or I
should have spoken; pray excuse it. and let me see you Thursday
next.—DI.
CAPTAIN ROBERT AYERS, deceased.—
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—The deceased is supposed to
have made a WILL during his resifence at the Tavistock Hotel,
Covent-garden, in August, 1867. Any person bringing the same or any
subsequent will to Mr. Authony Carr, solicitor, 25, Rood-lane, London,
shall receive the above reward.
IN re JUHN HARLING, deceased. — Whereas, in or
about the month of June, 1865, Robert Harling, son of John
Harling cate of Falls-close, in the county of Durham, left the house
of Mary Blanch, of Stonebridge, near the city of Durham, widow, and no
information has been received as to his residence since that time,
although repeated inquiries have from time to time been made:—Now
this is to give notice, that any INFORMATION which will lead to the
discovery of the said ROBERT HARLING, or any evidence of his
death, will be received by the undersugned. The said Robert Harling
was commonly known by the name of Robert Blanch, when he left his
home. — Dated this 10th day of November, 1870.
JOHN WATSON, Solicifor, 6, Saddler-street. Durham.
SHUM and CROSSMAN, Solicitors, 3, King's-road, Bed¬
ford-row, London.
RS. CAROLINE SARAH WILSON (wife of
L'Argent Wilson), whose maidon name was Wright, and who
formerly resided at Gravesend, is requested to COMMUNICATE
forthwith her present ADRESS to me, the undersigned, the solicitor
to the trustess and executors of the will of her late mother (who died
on the 11th day of January instant), under which will she, the said
Caroline Sarah Wilson, is entitled to a share in thee pe
ceeds to arise
in.
the sale of the residuary, real, and personal estate of the testatrix,
provided she claims the same from the said trustees and executors
within 12 calendar months after her mother's decease; in default

by the said will otherwise bequeathed.
GEO. EDWD. SHARLAND, Solicitor, Town-hall, Gravesend.
January 21st, 1871.
MARY BRYAN,
cieased.—W.
NTED, NEXT of
KIN o  e
AN, late of South Australia, widow, de¬
ceased; suppes e e

S.
ae o a e e en

ried, first to a Mr. West, afterwards to a Mr. Bryan, and was resident
in .
nin and South Australia for many
W. M.
  pply to
Sandford, solicito . a .
tolaide, South Australia; or to am
Potter,
solicitor, 36. .

pside, London, E.C.
MISSING, THOMAS PARK, formerly of Glas¬
gow, wine merchant, and occasionally residing in London, St.
Mary's Cray, Thrapstone, Oundle, Newcastle, Oban, and Edinburgh,
for which latter place he left London by steamer in April or May last.
If dead, anyque aware of it will confor a favour by informing T. G.
Taylor, of 3, Pinner's-court, Oid Broas-Street, London.
FALL from an OMNIBUS, in Park-street, Camden¬
town, on Sunday night, 4th September last.—The PERSONS
whe ASSISTED the MAN that fell are requested to send their
NAMES and ADDRESSES to Mr. John Wills, 53, Carter-lane, Doc¬
tors-commons, E.C.
THE CABMAN who, on the night of the 18th or 19th
of July last, drove a lady and two geltlemen from Cremorne to
the neighbourhood of Bond-street, and who, on Saturday, the 23d of
the same month, was met by the same two gentlemen on the road be¬
tween Putney and Wimbledon, will hear of something to his advantage
by CALLING on Mr. Pollaky, Private Inquiry office, 13, Paddington¬
green,W.
THE TREASURER of ST. THOMASS HOSPI¬
TAL desires to offer his grateful THANKS to the Anpnymons
Donor, who, under the initials of A. B., has paid £1,000 into the Union
Bank of London to the credit of St. Thomas's Hospital for its Building
LOST, between Cyaven-hill and Star-street, Padding¬
t
ALADYS GOLD WATCH and CHAIN, with lockets, £.
attached. A REWARD will be given if taken to 35, Craven-hill¬
gardens, Hyde-prk.
LOST, a GOLD PENCIL-CASE, on "Saturday
last, either at the Roynl Academy, Burlington-house, or in a
Waterloo omnibus. Anyone taking the same to 5, Gloucester-road,
Glocester-cate, Regent's-park, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, at or near London-bridge Station, on the
10th January, a RED LEATHER PURSE, containing Net
Zealand Bond, Spanish Bond, and American Bond Coupons. The
finder shall receive a REWARD of TEN POUNDS by taking the
same to F. A., Crescent-houses, Fulbam-road, South Kensington.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, BANK of
ENGLAND NOTES to the amount of £45, between Euston Sta¬
tion and Coventry. The above reward will be given to any ane who
will deliver the sam: to E. C., 25, Paradise-street, Coventry.
TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on
Thursday, the 26th inst. on Clapham-commem, a SKYE TERRILR
DOd: answers to the name of Charlie; had on a sollar engraved
with the name W. H. Dedweil. Apply to the Waiter, at the Swan,
Stockwall.
THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on
Tuesday, the 10th, in the neighbourhood of York-terrace, Regent's¬
park, a ROUGH BLUE SCOTCH TEREIER DOG, with silky hair
on head. Answers to the name of Max. Whoever,will take the same
to 33, York-torrace, Regent's-park, shall receive the above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LEFT in a Kil¬
burs and Charing-cross ommbus, batweon 3 and 4 o'clock on
Saturday, a PARCEL, containing a MS. book and other papers, of no
use to any one but the owner. Any one who will take the parcel to
No. 17, Cnuningham-place, St. John's-wood-road, shall receive the
above reward.
EN POUNDESEREEW
AORDS.—.LOST, on Friday last,
80.
TREREE
SA N .
AENGLAND
OTES, for £50. nam¬
bered 49,003 ; for £20, imbe
 7,216; and £10, numbered 72,876;
payment of all of which is stopped. The above are supposed to have

at in the neighbourhood of Charing-cross or Cannon-street
Station on the 27th inst. Th
bove reward will
paid on recovery


Mae es s s elestall and Robert.

thall¬
street, E.C.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, last November,
1870, an ENGLISH TERRIER, in Oxford-street. White hair.
eyes and nose black, tail and ears eut. He wore on his neck a rec
collar of leather. Any person who will return him to 227, Oxford¬
street, shall receive the above rew.
ard.
FIFTEEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LEFT in a
CAB, which conveyed a party to Holborn Theatre on Monday
night, the 23 inst., a PAIR of PLAIN BLACK OPERA GLASSES,
in a black leather case. The above reward will be paid for them at
Mr. Bolton's library, St. George a-place, Knightsbridge.
FOUND, on Sunday, 22d, in Wigmore-street, a
LOCKET. Owner can have it by giving description of same and
ying for advertisement. Apply to Somerfield and Son, stationers,
No. 19, Marylghone-lane, W.
NEXT of KIN.—Cable.—The RELATIONS or
NEXT o KIN of ELEANOR CABLE, late of No. 33, Jublice¬
street. Mile-end Old Town, in the county of Middlesex, widow, de¬
ceased, are requested te APPLY to the Soligitor of the Treasury,
Whitehall, London.—28th January, 1871.
WALTER SMITH, L.R.C.P., M.R.C.S., of Islip,
Oxon, hereb
we notion that after this date I shall USE an be
knows by the NAME of WALTER WYKE-SMITH.—January 26.

NALTER WYKE-SMITH.
—
IN the COUNTY COURT of SUSSEX, Holden at
Brightop.—No. of Plant in Equity, 9.—Walter Cash Clennell,
No. 21, Great Knightrider-street, London, gentleman, plaintiff; and
Edwin Evershed, 7, Lower College-street, Brighton, Sussex, tallow¬
chandler, and Susannah Scrase, his wife, defendants.—You are hereby
summoned to appear at a County Court, to be holden at the Court¬
house, Church-street, Brighton, on the twenty-third day of February,
1871, at the hour of 12 at noon, to show cause why the relief prayed for
in t e ett¬
ain nt st rennt
annexed should not be granted.—Datell this.
23rd day of December, 1870
Ewen Evershed, Regestrar.—To EDWIN
EVERSHED and SUSANNAH SCRASE, your wile, defendants.
N.B.—If you do not attend either in person or by your attorney at the
time and place above mentioned, such decree or order will be made and
proceedings taken as the Judge may think just and expedient. Hours
of attendahce at the office of the Resistrar Glin.
t, Brightoh.
from 10 till 4, except on Saturdays, whon the office will be closed at 1¬
If you desire to lessen, the amount of costs which you may be
put to, you should follow such of these directions as may apply.
If you desire to admit the truth of the allegations in the plaing and to
submit to the judgment of the Court, you may, at any time before the
return day of the original summons, appear before the Registrar, and
in bis presguce sign an admission of the truth of the plaint and a con¬
sent to abids by and perform any decree or order the Court may nuke.
If you desire to disclaim any interest in the subject-matter of the suit,
or if you intend at the hearing to deny aby of the statements in the
plaint, or raise any question of law upon such statement without ad¬
mitting the truth thereof, you may dcliver to the Registrar, within
eight days after the service of the summons upon you, a statemeat
signed by you to that effect. If you intend to rely on a set-off, infancy,
coverture, a statute of limitation, or a discharge under a Bankrupt or
Insolvent Act, as a defence, you must give notice of such sgesial de¬
fence to the Registrar five clear days before the day of hearing, and
such nptice must contain the particulars required by "The County
Court Rules, 1857;" and you must deliver to the Registrar as many
copies of such notices as there are plamtiffs, and an uiditional cony
for the use of the Court. If your dofence be a set-off, you must, with
each hotice thereof, deliver to the Registrat, a statement of the par¬
ticulars thereof. Summouses for witnessss and for the production of
documents will be issued upon appie a ie
tat the ofice of the Regist r re.
of the Court upon payment of the proper fee.
In the County Court of Sussex, holden at Brighton.—No of Plaint
in Equity, 9. — Walter Cash Clennell, of 21, Great Knightrider-street.
te the city of London, gentleman, plaintiff; and Edwin Evershed, of
No. 7. Lower College-street, Brighton, in the county of Sussex, tallow¬
chandior, and Susannah Scrase, his wife, defendants.
Walter Cash Clennell, the above named plaintiff, states as follows:—
1. By an Indenture of Mortgage, dated the secon day of April, one
thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine, and duly acknowledged by the
de'endant, Susannahl Scrase, the wife of the defendant, Edwin Ever¬
shed, all that the third part or share, and every other the part or
share, of the defendant E.lwin Evershe, or the defendant Susanhah
Scrase, his wife, of, and in certain freehold, copyhold, and leasohold
hereditaments, situate within the jurisdiction of this Courr, and all
other the remainder and seversion expectant on the death of Mary
Aun Lambert and Edward Lambert, therein named, and all other the
interest of the defendant, Susaunah Scrase, the wife of the defendant,
Edwin Evershed, and of the defenuant, Edwin Evershed, in right of his
wife or otherwise, under, or by virtue of, the will of dotmn Scrase, therein
named. And also a certain Policyzof Assurance, numbered 15,634,
and dated the second day of April, one thousand eight hundred and
sixty-nine, and effected with the Scottish Union Assurance Company,
in the name of the defendant, Susannah Scrase, the wife of the de¬
fendant, Edwin Evershed, for the sum of four hundred pounds, to be
paid on her att ining the ace of 50, or at her death, should that event
happen first, and the moneys assured by and to become payable under
or by virtue of the said poslcy, and all bonuses or other payments
payable in respect thereof, were conreyed and assigned by the defen¬
dants to the plaintiff, his heirs, executors, adminisirators, and
assigns, for securing the principal sum of one hundred and twenty-five
pounds, with interest thereon, after the rate of seven pounds persentum
per annum, subject to redemption upon payment by the defendants of
the said principal and interest at a day long pass.
2. By an indenture of further charge, dated the fiftecuth day of May.
one thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine, and duly acknowladged by
the defondant, susannah Scrase, the wife of the defendant, Eswin
Ivershed, the said mortgaged premises were charged with the payment,
as well of the sum of onp kundred and seventy-five pounds, together
with interest thereon, aftor the rate of seven poands per centum per
annum, as of the said sum of one hundred and twenty-five pounss,
with iterest ufter the rate aforesaid, it was thereby agreed that the
gaid mortgaged premises should not be redeemable until both
the said principal sums and the interest thereon respectively
should be fully paid and satisfied, and the defendants thereby co¬
venanted that they would pay to the plaintiff as well the said sum
of one hundred and twenty five pounds, as the said sum of one bun¬
dred and seventy-five pounds, making together the sum of three
hundrel pounds, and interest for the same, at the rate of seven
bounds per centiim per annum, from the dute of the now stating
indenture, in manner following, that was to say, the sum of tweire
pounds ten shillings on the fifteenth of August, one thousand eight
hundred and seventy, the sum of twelve pounds ten shillings on the
fitteenth of November, one thousand eight hundred and seventy, the
sum of tweive pounds ton shillings on the fifteenth of February, one
thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, the sum of twelve pounds ten
shillings on the fifteenth of May, one thousand eight hundred and
seventy-one, and so on, the sum of twelve pounds ten shillings being
paid quarterly on the same days until the said sum of three hundred
p unds should have been fully paid, and that they would by half-yearly
payments, on the fifteenth of May, and the ifteenth of November in
every year, pay to the plaintiff interest after the rate aforesaid on the
said sum of three hundred pounds, or so inuch thereof as should, for
the time being, remuin unpaid, until the said sum of three hundred
pounds and interest should have been fully paid, the first of such half¬
yearly payments to be made on the sixtecuth day of November then
nex
The defendants made default in payment to the plaintiff of the
said sums of twelve pounds ten shillings on the said fifteenth of
August, one thousand eight hundred and seventy, and fifteenth of
November, one thousand eight hundred and seventy, and have not
made any of the said half-yearly payments in respect of the interest on
the said sum of three hundred pounds, and there is now due from the
defendants to the plaintiff the sum of three hundred and seventy
unds eleven shillings and sixpence for principal and interest on the

said mortgage, and further charge e
oe s incurred

about the same.
4. The plainti
tatat the Court will order the defendants e

pay him the said sum ofthree hundred and seventy oounds eleven shil¬
lings and six pence, with such further in e
acerue betwene
the filing of the plaint and the day of payment, and also the cost of
this
enn,
on some day to he named by the Court

theee.
to e e e te

closed, or that?
said prin
ma y be sold and the proce d s api
 i  to


alnd eosts;

tie p ose all proper directions may be eivene
and accounts taken by the Court; and for such furthe

liof as the Court may think fit.
This plaint was diied
HERBERT WILLIAM HOLTHAM of No. 10, Prince
Abort-street, Brighton, Plaintiff's Attorney.
PICTURES.—Will the POSSESSORS of the follow¬
ing WORKS of ART:—"Rivalry." "Boccaccio" (single figure),
The tteverle,"
"The Lord of the Harrest" (water-colour drawd
ings) also ood Night" and "Good Mor.

COMMUNICATE NAMES and ADDRESSES to A. B., care of Mist
Ball, stationer Castle-street, Oxford-street?
