ROYAL ALFRED AGED MERCHANT SEA¬


mmittee
gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE a DONATION of FIFTY POUNDS,
from the Worshipful Company of Goldsmiths, in ald of the much
needed funds of this Institution.
Cowper's-court, Cornhill, E.C., 4th March, 1871.
LOST, on Monday, 27th of February, between Oxford¬
street and Regent's-park, a SEALSKIN MUF .

take the
1 28, Bryanston-street, shall receive FIFTEEN SHIL¬
LINGS REWARD.
LOST, CERTIFICATE, No. 121,490, for £500, CON¬
SOLIDATED STOCK in the EAST INDIAN RAILWAY
COMPANY, in the name of Major Genl. Henry Sykes Stephens, Who¬
ever will take the same to Davies and Co.; advertising agents, of1
Finch-lane, Cornhill, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on 27th ult., a DARK CRIMSON RUSSIA¬
LEATHER PATENT SPRING CIGAR CASE (makers, Messrs.
Jenner and Knewstub, St. James's-street), either in a rmilway carriage
by the 8.45, a.m. express from Brighton to London, or in a cab probably
between St. James's-street and Portland-place, Whoever will take it
to the makers will be REWARDEL
LOST, on or about
1eaoth e.
uary last, a FIRST
of EXCHANGE, dated Zante, 1st .
uary, 1871, for £170, dran.
by N. Babassi, Zante, in favo  ¬
seeeeessse
Houghton and Levy, Lirerpool, due 4th May, 1871, and endorsed to


opulo, Age
to and Co. All

against
ogociating or dealing
the bill. Payment has been

TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on the 23d
of
te e e oe
bridge-terrac
Hyde-p.
n-gore (albert-hall, via Kensington-gardens, a SHORT GOLD

DOUBLE GOLD LO  .

tograph of an old lady. Please take it to 13, Cambridge-terrace, Hyde¬
park.
OG LOST—a SMALL, RED and WHITE
BLENHEIM SPANIEL, answers to the name of Charley, on
 the 26th of February, in the neighbourhood of Hyde-par¬
Whoever will take the same to 51, Edgware-road, shall receive TEN
SHILLINGS REWARD.
VHITE POMERANIAN DOG LOST, on Frida¬
3d inst. Answers to the name of Sly. TWO POUNDS RE¬
WARD will be paid to the finder on taking him to 17, Park-square,
Regent's-park. No higher reward will be offered.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, during the
afternoon of March 2d between the Marble Arch and Tottenham¬
court-road, a LEATHERN PURSE, containing a Bank of England
Note for £20, a cheque on the London and County Bank for £10, and
10 sovereians, with a few memoranda. Whoever will take the same to
Mr. Norman, 29, Maiden-lane, Covert-garden, shall receive the above
reward. The notes and cheque are both stopped payment.
TEN POUND NOTE STOLEN, on the Stamford,
Spalding, and Boston Bank, aiso payable at Barclay, Bevan's, Lon¬
don, B,5768, endorsed Thoe. Hoberts. Spalding. The public is re¬
quested to give information on the above, such information being
rewarded if it leads to recovery of note or conviction of thist, by
D. Harris and Co., 4, Great Marlborough-street, W.
FOUND, a large BLACK RETRIEVER (Feb. 18).
If not claimed within three days will be suld to defray expenses.
Apply at 105, Park-street, Camden-town.
MR. JOSEPH GEORGE, of No. 4, York-street,
Portman-square, begs to state that he is not the Thomas Joseph
George, solicitor, charged at Marlborough-street Police-court with
perjury, and that Thomas Joseph George docanot, nor ever did, reside
at the above address. Vide Court Guide and Directory, March 4, 1871.
THOMAS HOUGHTON, late of No. 38, Priory-¬
raad, Kilburn, London, do hereby give notice, that I will Nor
be RESPONSIBLE for any DEBT contracted witho

authority, on and after this date.—THOMAS HOUGHTON.—

TOEAREARETOTIT
STEADEALERS of GRE IT.
AIN.
Gentlemen,
S Seasons comee
ao rd Budgets come forth. Parlia-¬
ment having re-assembled, we shall soon have the Chance
tr
nnancial statement. If, therefore, you agree with me in thinking this
the fit and proper tin
to lay our case before the o n,
ahe en, as to
the
ie of rein stating s t o ld
osition, with regard to the
sllonance of e
uty on the iln.
a shall feel obliged if you
will permit me to offer a few observations for your consideratic

are aar,
tae o the mercants made an n e n

prive us of the 1ib, draft on the ghort price, how eneraetics

skilfully the Grocers and Teadealers Association, backed un h
the

aluable assistance of all the who l e a e e.
toes took up

estion, and by united action and sound argu e e
proved mos

the e t t
seueceh e ouid infict a dowp¬
righti

ao f industrious me.

of the favenrable resuit; how the merchants acted like sensiole men of
business, and sentlemen, and nobly withdrew the whole of their resoln¬
tions, and allowed us the 1 ib, draft as heretofore, Gentlemen, thil
allowance of 1 1h on every chest of tes is no basty or hap-hazard
arrangement; it was fixed upon years ago, after the most careful
consideration, as the fairest and most rational way of creating
some sort of set-off or margin against the various disadvantages
wo are continually subject to. The irregularity of condition alone
ismore than enough to justify such a very noderate allowance:
indeed, it ousht to he 21bs, or 31bs, on each chest, the same as in the
old company's time, rather than otherwise. In plain truth, the allow¬
ance of the duty on the ib, draft ought never to have been taken off at
all, and it has always been a great mystery to my mind how England's
most brillant Minister—a man with such a clear head and right heart
—could inflict this injustice, for such a trifling gain (in a national
point of view), on a hardworking set of men—a class who, perhaps, it
may be said, do the most work for the least pay of any class in the
whole trade, from beginning to end. The only way in which I can re¬
concile an act of such uniaiiness with the woll-known goodness of the
man is, that he had no possible time to fully investigate the matter before
he decided. Gentlemen, you are all aware to what a low ebb our trade
is reduced to. Rents, wages, and provisions have all gone up, and
profits have all been considerably cut down; so that we are all work¬
aoe at maximum expenses for minimum proffic
The justice of aflowing the retail trade this 11b, draft is. I be¬
lieve, mure fully understood now than ever; and 1 feel sure that
if we lay our cuse properly before the Government we shall
be restored to our former position. Rigid economy may be a
very good thing, perhaps, but just economy is a good deal befter.
There are so many small drawbacks against us, that we are morally
entitled, over and over again, to some rational margin to secure to
every man a hundred pounds value for every hundred soverciens he
has to pay. We have., I am happy in believing, one of the most libe¬
ral Governments that ever ruled England—men who intend heart
and soul to be honestly liberal, and to do justice between man and
man and class and class, as far as human power can reach; and I am
strongly impressed with the conviction that our Chancellor of
the Exchequer is far too manly a man in every sense of
the word to perpetuate a system that is sumething like
taking a shilling out of one man's pocket in order to put a penny
each into the pockets of 12 other men. Speaking from an experience
of 40 years as a retailer. I cannot rust contented without stating openly,
and publicly that unless the trade arn allowed some moderate and con¬
sistent allowance on each package, to create a faircompensating power
against the many small disauvantages wo are open to, so long shall
we have a grievance to complain of, and, as far as I am individually
concerned, I wish to speak out plainly, int res¬
ctfullyth e

slways consider mysell untairly treated be
Governmtn.

the duty is not allowed on the 11b.

s o enee
the
subject as unworthy in spirit and unjust in practice, te t stif

every confidence in being sreated by th e d

Exchequer
with the same fairnes e
xtended

ale la st Session, if

te o e e e

beforeb.
toe m the duly
may stand at, whother 6d. a b, or 1s.
1b.,

of fairness 1s

atien
Sa d e es
ae u will taket
matter into
your surious consideration and do all you cal
be ist in restor¬

oe oe.
ieion. In conclusion, 1 beg to state
the t e.
te


hthe Grocers
an n Tea¬
dealers' Association, both financially and mo  al 
as much as possible
thinst i e


te e en
better than individuals can.
 e to.

tue  most o ed in.
set rvant,

ETE
retall tsdealer, 3 , si
psgate-street
within, and K.
slan
THE ANTI¬
OUN EIE
AENOTOAOSER ASAS
OIATITIONN
(Lipited), Office.
2, Gul ehall-chane.
 asinghall-Street, E.C.,
for enforcing
ned amending the laws against adulicration of food,
drink, and drugs, and for the detec e¬
cention of parties
seeees
Petitin s in fa rour o f th e .
brought in by
s
Mr. M.
o m ore stringent legisiation, le for signature at the
offices of the Association, and are also in the ha
aine numerous
staff of canvassers. Further particulars may be obtained of, and con¬
tributions in aid of this imporins,
object sent to, the secretary-coli¬
citor to th e asoein.

all-chambers,
singhall¬
sure.
E.C.
THE TESTINE
ONIAL (value £1,000),
be presented
to Colonel ANGUS ORELO e¬
Sharcholders of the lata United
ssee
FOIRORE IESI
at th
nanufac¬
turer's, STEPHEN SMITHS, 35, King-street Covent-garden, until the

CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sance, prepared by R.LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label, used so many years, signed "Elizbeth Lagn,
CAUTION.—HOWARD and SON'S PATENT
PARQUET FLOORING, No. 1,543.—All persons are CAU¬
TIONED against infringing this patent.—25, 26, and 27, Berners-street,
Oxford-street, and Cleveland Works.
CAUTION. —Ladies are informed that the only hons
fide improvements in LADIES SADDLES for hunting Inde
and colonies have been made and registered by Messrs. LANGDON,
Duke-street, Manchester-square, London. No agents.
CAUTION.—TOULMIN and GALE beg to give
notice that t 
NO AGENTS for the SALE of th e i 
PATENT INDIAN DESPATCH BOXES, Travelling liags, Dressing
Cases, &c. The same can only be obtained at their manufactory, 85,
and 86, Cheapside, and west-end branch, 7, New Bond-street,
CAUTION to PURCHASERS of WM. YOUNGER
and Co.'s ALES in CASK and SOTTLE. Each labal has Wm.
Younger and Co.'s signature and trade mark, without which none are
guaranteed genuine. Beware of other brands being substituted.—
Breweries, Edinburgh; London offices, Belvedere-road, S.E.
CAUTION.—The Gladstone Bag, invented and
perfected by Fisher, of the Strand.—We are informed that inferior
imitations of this article are offered for gale. Buyer
perequested to
notice that the genuine GLADSTONE TRAVELLING BAG is
amped in gold in a garter FISHER 158, Strand.
CAUTION.—Messrs. HANCOCKS and Co.,
Goldsmiths, Jewellers, and Silverimiths to the Queen, the Prince
and Princess of Wales, and the principal Courts of Enrope, &c.,
beg to CAUTION the public that their BUSINESS, eetablithed by
Mr. C. F. Hancock, is only CARRIED ON at the same address,
1o a 3 , B re ton-stret cornir of Bond-stret. W.
CAUTION.—Mr. STREETER (late Hancock and Co.,
Limited), Goldgnith and Diamond Merchant, sole introducer
of 18-carat GOLD JEWELLERY, machine made, respectfully in forms
the public that his only ADDRESS is 37, Conduit-streer leading from
Bond-street, W., and that at no other address can this universally
known jewellery be obtained.
CAUTION.—Small-pox, Fovers, Cholera, &c., are
frequently propagated by impure water, which is the state of
water in cisterns. This is entirely remedied by using the CISTERN
FILTERS supplied by the LONDON and GENERAL WATER
PURIFYING COMPANY (Limited), requiring no attention (and
which in London can be ronted.
preterred). For prospectuses, &c.,
apply to the Secretary, 187, Strand, W. C., four doom from Somerset-houae.
OTICE.—BOUDAULTS PEPSINE.—The pub¬
lic are hereby cautioned against imitations of Pepeine as originally
introduced in 1864 by Dr. Corrisart, Physician to the Emperor Napo¬
leon III. s.
made by N. Bondault, chymist
the nn d ersinined are
appointed London agente.—P. and P. W. SQUIRF Chymists on the
Establishment of the Queen, 277, Oxford-street, September, 1870.
SPECIAL NOTICE to SHIPPERS.—Hy succial
arrangement with the ptqprietor of BOUDAULTS PEPSINE.
Mesars. P. and P. W. SQUIRE, chymists on Her Majestys' establish¬
ment, are entrusted with the entire sale of this preparation, for Great
firitain, India, Australla, Canada, &c., and are commissioned to sup¬
ply it at the same price as charged at the chict depot in Paris.
PERRIER JOUET and Co.'s CHAMPAGNES.
As Agents of Messrs. Perrier Jonst and Co, we desire to state
that it has recently come to our knowlodge that wince, not of their
growth, but bearing an imilation of their trade mark on the corkrs,
have been imported into England in considerable quantities. We beve
succeeded in tracing one consignment of some 230 doz, and have in¬
stituted legal proceedings against the parties, and on 16th February
last obtained an injunction from the Master of the Rolis restraining
the sale of the wine, and an order directing the corks bearing the
forged marks to be drawn and delivered up to us. We are the sole
agents of Messrs. Perrier Jouët and Co, for the United Kingdorn,
and wo desire to CAUTION the wine trade, and also the public,
AGAINST PURCHASING any WINES purporting to be the wines
of Perrier Joust and Co. not supplied through our agency.
A. BOURSOT and Co., 9, Hart-street, Mark-lane, 4to March, 1871.
NOTICE.—The IRISH FRIEZES and TWEEDS,
also the New Ulster Overo
exhibited in the Workmen's
Interuattspal Exhibition, have gained the Gold Medal, and can only
be had of SAMUEL BROTHERS, 50, Ludgate-hill, London. These
goods are stamped every two yards "Samuel Brothers, Irish Manufac¬
ture warranted.—No. 60, Ludgate-hill, E.C.
REMOVAL.—40, Cannon-street.—These premises
being required by the Metropolitan District Railers

able STOCK of the BRITANNIA RUBBER and KAMPTULICON
COMPANY, consisting of all descriptions of fndlarubber good
garden
hose, and kamptulicon floor cloth, is now being SOLD OFF, at a con¬
siderable reduction.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. FREDK, DAVIS,
having removed from 100, New Bond-street, to 51, Pall-mall (nearly
opposite Marlborough-house), still purchases all kinds of rare chinas,
furniture, silver, and fine antique property.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—The BUSINESS of
BRAMAH and Co., lock manufacturers, late 124, Piccadilly, is
pow carried on by their SUCCESSORS, NEEDS and Co., 6, Down¬
street, Piccadilly. N.B. No lock is genuine unless stamped J. T.
Needs, lats J. Bramah, 124, Piccadilly.
JAMES PRICE and Co., Varnish and Japan Manu¬
facturers, beg to announce that they have taken premises at 154.
Old-street, E.C., in connexion with their works at Edmunton; and for
the futurs will feel obliged by all orders and communice
sent to Old-street.,
