HENRY, let us know where you are, to allay ouf
nxiety.
WILL the WRITER of OUR SECRET, in The
Times of Feb. last, SEND his INITIALS.—AMY. B.
MR. GEORGE S. MACKAY, who left Toronto
during March, will greatly oblige by forwarding his ADDRESS
to G. M. R., 23, Delamere-crescent, W., that the parcel it is believed
Mr. Bradbourne entrusted to him may be obtained.
LOST, at or near 19, Belgrave-square, on Saturday,
9th, a GOLD EYE GLASS. Whoever will bring the same to
No. 9 Queen-street, Mayfair, shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
LOST, by a boy, in Cannon-street, on Friday evening,
between 5 and 6 o'clock, a small PAPER PARCEL of BILL
STAMPS, of no use to any one but the owners. Any one bringing the
same to Messrs. Fourdrinier, Hunt, and Co., 12, Sherborne-lane, shall
be liberally REWARDEL
LOST, a PAIR of DOUBLE OPERA GLASSES—
were either left in the stalls of Her Majesty's Theatre or dropped
on leaving the house, by a lady, on Wednesday, the 13th inst. ONE
GUINEA REWARD will be paid to whoever brings them to 5, Bryan¬
ston-square.
LOST, between Baker-street, Rotten-row, Clifford¬
street, and Bond-street, a GOLD LINK BRACELET, with en¬
graved padlock and carbuncle, at the back a miniature photograph of
a lady. Whoever will bring it to Mr. Packer, stationer, King-street,
Portman-square, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
TO HANSOM CABMEN.—LEFT, in a Hansom,
at Mudie's, a fow weeks ago, a LIGHT OVERCOAT, book, &c.
The finder may keep all except the book, on returning which to Dicks'
Coffee-house, Temple-bar, he shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at the Great
Western Station, on Saturday, the 9th June, a WHITE POME¬
RANIAN BITCH, with yellow spot on each ear. Any person bring¬
ing the same to 9, Cleveland-row, St. James's, shall receive the above
TEN POUNDS REWARD. — Lost Will.—The above
reward will be paid for the WILL of JOHN GRIFFITH, late of
No. 117, St. Owen's-street, in the parish of St. Owen's, in the city of
Hereford, surgeon, deceased (who died on the 2d June instant). The
will is written on one side of a sheet of brief paper, is attested by Henry
Griffiths and John Barlow, and is dated in the month of October, 1863.
It was last seen at the house of the testator on the 4th June instant
to the undersigned, Bodenhams and James, 5, St. Peter's-street,
Hereford, solicitors for the executor.—Hereford. June 13, 1866.
YDE-PARK.—LOST, near Rotten-row, on the
15th, a MEDALLION BRACELET, with views of Switzerland.
Any person leaving the same at 46, Davies-street, Berkeley-square, shall
be REWARDED.
FOUND, on the evening of the 12th inst., in Brockley¬
road, New-cross, a PURSE, containing money. Whoever can
give a description of the purse and its contents may obtain the same
at 13, St. David's-terrace, Brockley-road, New-cross, S.E., on paying
expenses of this and previous advertisement.
NOTICE.—Unless the GRAY PONY and GIG
LEFT at Hamblin's livery stables, 133, Great Portland-street,
by a foreign gentleman, on 21st April, 1866, are OWNED in seven
days they will be SOLD to pay expense.
TO PARISH CLERAS and others. —TWO
POUNDS REWARD will be given for a CERTIFICATE of the
BAPTISM of THOMAS NATTER, who is supposed to have been
born in London in or since 1755. Apply to Jones, Mancell, and West,
solicitors, 9, Laurence Pountney-hill, E.C.
HEIRS WANTED.—British, colonial, and foreign
properties remain unclaimed. Families entitled to any lost
property, left between 1740 and 1866, may procure information at
RICHARDS', foreign agency, 10, Gloucester-street, Queen-square,
W.C. Property recovered on commission.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of 15s. 5d. Reduced £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of The Right Honourable
THOMAS, Lord LILFORD, of Lilford, Northamptonshire, and which
was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the divi¬
dends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1799;—
Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends there¬
on paid to Henry Lancelot Holland and Frederick Holland, acting
executors of Lancelot Holland, who was the sole executor of Henry
Holland, who was surviving executor of Right Honourable Thomas,
Baron Lilford, who was the surviving executor of the said Right
Honourable Thomas, Lord Lilford, who have claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim

IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 3,308.—The THORWALDSEN; Bromage, Master.
—Whereas a Cause has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty,
of England on behalf of John Edwin Bromage, late master of the ship
or vessel Thorwaldsen, against the said vessel, her tackle, apparel, and
furniture, now lying at the Brunswick Dock, Liverpool, in the county
of Lancaster, under arrest, by virtue of a warrant issued, from the Regis¬
try of the said Court, and no appearance has been entered in the said
cause:—This is to give notice to all persons who have or claim to have
any RIGHT, Title, or Interest in the said vessel, that if an appearance
in the said cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court within
six days from the publication of this notice, the Judge of the said
Court will order the said vessel to be sold to answer the claims institu¬
ted, or to be instituted against th e lie¬
or make such order in  e
premises as to him shall seem right. —Dated the 15th day of June, 1866.
H. A. BATHURST, Assistant Registrar.
Notice of Sale of Ship taken out by Lowless, Nelson, and Goodman,
No. 34, Gracechurch-Street, London.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 3,302.—The STOLPMUNDE.—Whereas a cause of
Bottomry has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of
England, on behalf of Messrs. Benecke Souchay and Company, of No.
63, Moorgate-street, in the city of London, merchants, the legal holders
of a bottomry bond on the bark or vessel Stolpmunde, against the said
vessel, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and the freight due for the
transportation of the cargo now or lately laden therein; and whereas
the said vessel is now lying at Great Yarmouth, in the county of Nor¬
folk, under arrest, by virtue of a warrant issued from the registry of
the said Court, and no appearance has been entered in the said cause;
—This is to give notice to all persons who have or claim to have any
RIGHT, title, or interest in the said VESSEL that, if an appearance
in the said cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court within
six days from the publication of this notice, the Judge of the said Court
will order the said vessel to be sold to answer the claims instituted or
to be instituted against the same, or make such order in the premises
as to him shall seem right. —Dated the 14th day of June, 1866.
H. A. BATHURST, Assistant-Registrar.
Notice of sale of ship taken out by Deacon, Son, and Rogers, No. I,
Paul Bakehouse-court, Doctors'-commons, Londo
THE STAFFORD DISTRICT TURNPIKE
ROADS ACT, 1866.—Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the 30th
section of the above Act, that unless the person or persons severally
CLAIMING to be respectively entitied to the several principal SUMS
set forth in the second schedule to the above Act, and hereunder
written, shall, on or before ihe expiration of one calendar month from
thetpublication of this notice, respectively deliver to the undersigned,
Clerks to the Trustees of the above roads, notice in writing, claiming
such principal sums respestively; and shall, within three calendar
months after the delivery of such notice, satisfactorily prove his or
their right to receive such principal sum or sums respectively, the
several and respective principal sums in respect of which no such notice
and proof of title shall be so given and established, together with all
interest and arrears of interest thereon, will be wholly barred and ex¬
tinguished. —Dated the 14th day of June, 1866.
The Schedule above referred to.
No.
Mortgagees of the Roads.
Sums owing.
Brookes, Francis
2. Spurrier, Thomas

187 8 5
£271 11 1.
R. W. HAND.
Solicitors, Stafford.
GEO. SPILSBURY.
TO EMPLOYERS Of LABOUR.—A general combi¬
nation of masters of all trades throughout the country is the only
plan to meet the present system of strikes among the operatives. A
determination on the part of masters to employ any number of appren¬
tices (in their several trades) they may think proper would set to work
thousands of boys who are at present deprived of employment by the
rules of trades unions. Persons desirous of aiding this movement are
requested to send their names to A. B., Mr. B. Whoeler's, news agent,
Royal-arcade, Manchester.
THE SUFFERANCE WHARVES PORT of LON¬
DON ACT, 1858, 21st and 22d Vict., Section 8.—Gun and Shot
and Griffin's Wharves, Morgan's-lane, Tooley-street, Southwark.—To
all or any whom it may or might concern, notice is hereby given, that
the undermentioned GOODS will be SOLD by AUCTION:—viz., about
22 tons of plasterers' hair, a large quantity of rags, flocks, asphalte,
cranberries, cement, turpentine, foots oil, gunny bags, iron hooping,
&c., to pay the legal charges incurred thereon, under the above Act, on
Thursday, June 21st, 1866, by JOSEPH PEAKE, auctioneer, &c.,
No. 44, Tooley-street, Southwark, unless the same be previously paid.
PROOF of GUN BARRELS.—TEN POUNDS
REWARD.—The Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house
hereby give notice, that on the 22d day of February last, Ludwig
Rosenthall (of the firm of Rosenthall and Osmond), of 132, Fenchurch¬
street, London, commission agents, was convicted before the presiding
Alderman, at the Mansion-house, in the city of London, of an offence
under the Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1855, by selling small arms, the bar¬
rels of which had not been duly proved and marked as proved under
the Act, and was fined in the mitigated penalty of £5.
(The small arms in respect of which this conviction was obtained
were muskets of Austrian make, which had been imported into this
country for the purposes of sale, without being proved in accordance
with the English law, but as the defendant pleaded ignorance and pro¬
mised not to offend again, a mitigated penalty only was imposed.
Also, that on the 19th day of March last, Gustay Masu, of 3A. Wig¬
more-street, Cavendish-square, London, gunmaker, was convicted be¬
fore Mr. Mansfield, Stipendiary Magistrate, at the Marylebone Police
Court, London, of an offence against the said Act, by selling a fowling¬
piece, the barrels of which were of Belgian make, and bore the Belgian
proof mark and no other, notwithstanding such barrels had a name
thereon purporting to indicate that they were of English make, whereby
they had become liable to the English proof and proof-mark, where¬
upon the mitigated penalty of £5 was imposed.
Also, that on the 17th day of May instant, George Grazebrook (of the
firm of Grazebrook, Son, and Co.), of 8. India-buildings, Liverpool,
merchants, was convicted before Mr. Raffles, Stipendiary Magistrate,
at the Police Court, Liverpool, of an offence against the said Act, by
selling 44 guns and three pistols of foreign make without any proof¬
mark, whereupon a penalty of £100 was imposed.
And the said Guardians further give notice that upon information
of any other person or persons in the like case or cases offending
against the provisions of the said Act, they, the said Guardians, will
prosecute, and upon conviction will pay a reward of £10 to their in¬
formant.
Information may be given at the Proof-house, in Banbury-street,
Birmingham; or to the undersigned, their law clerk.
By order
WILLIAM S. ALLEN, 35, Waterloo-street, Birmingham, Law
Clerk to the Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house.
May, 1866.
HEA.—CAUTION.—The only authorized persons in
London for the engagement of seamen, apprentices, and boys are :
—The Superintendents of the Government Mercantile Marine offices,
Minories; Sailors' Homes, Dock-street and Poplar: and the licensed
Government agents—Messrs. Suckling and Co., 11, America-square,
Minories; and Messrs. Besant and Co., 84, Lower Thames-street. Any
other person (except the shipowner, master, or mate, or the bona fide
servant of the owner) providing berths for any seaman or apprentice
will be liable to a penalty of £20 for each offence. Information to be
given to the Registrar-General of Seamen, 6, Adelaide-place, London¬
LELSINGBORG, Sweden.—A MARKET will be
held the first of every month for the SALE of fat and lean CAT¬
TLE, Butter, and Cheese and arrangements will be made through Mr.
C. K. Hansen the Consul at Copenhagen, for the despatch of a vessel to
England directly after the market is over The attendance of pur¬
chasers of the above-mentioned articles is hereby invited, and all in¬
formation will be given by the Export Kontor for agricultural-produce,

THE OFFICERS of the 39th REGIMENT will
NOT be RESPONSIBLE for any DEBTS their MESSMAN may
contract.—J. G. SMYTH, Captain, Mess President, 39th Regiment,
Manchester, 13th June, 1866.
CAUTION.—All letters intended for BENJAMIN
EDGINGTON, the authorized marquee, tent, fing, and rickcloth
manufacturer to the Queen and the Prince of Wales, should be caro¬
fully addressed, in full, Benjamin Edgington (only), 2, Duke-street,
London-bridge, S.
E. Please observe, B. E. has no other establishment.
CAUTION. —Piracy of Names. —SAMUEL,
BROTHERS, merchant tailors, 50, Ludgate-hill, London, re¬
spectfully beg to announce that they have NO BRANCH ESTA¬
BLISHMENT. The name of the firm and their trade term, "Syden¬
ham," have at different times heen used, both in London and the
country, for the purpose of misleading the public and they hereby
give notice, that all persons attempting such fraud will be immediately
proceeded against according to law.
NOTICE.—S. FISHER, dressing-bag and portman
teau maker, of 188, Strand, respectfully informs the public tha¬
his ESTABLISHMENT will be CLOSED for business at 8 o'clock
during the months of June, July, August, and September.—188, Strand
NOTICE.—In consequence of numerous mistakes and
inquiries, PETER ROBINSON begs to inform his customers and
the public that for the future his MOURNING BUSINESS will be
conducted at the premises but recently completed—viz, 256, 258, 260,
262, Regent-street, and not, as formerly, at his coloured establishment,
Nos. 103 to 108, Oxford-street, W.
MARRIAGE of H.R.H. the Princess HELENA.—
Messrs. J. S. and A. B. WYON have the honour to announce
that the MEDALS, for which H.R.H. has honoured them with sittings.
will shortly be publ shed. The designs are on view, and subscribers'
names received, at 287, Regent-street, and 2, Langham-chambers.
Prices of large medals—bronze, 21s.; silver, 63s.; smaller ditto— white
metal, 1s. 6d.; bronze, 3s.; silver, 10s. 6d.
NOTICE.—WALTER CARSON and SONS
respectfully notify that they have REMOVED their-OFFICES
to their warehouse in La Belle Sauvage-yard, Ludgate-hill (three doors
east of Railway Viaduct), and hare discontinued their west-end esta¬
blishmant, 31. St. James's-street.—
