PSIDIUM!—You will find me at the old address.
—Sorry and shocked you are so angry. Cant be
anything else, Gracious, true, sincere, gratetul, hopor, faith
cannot have lost their meaning for ever. The diamond paste? Oh,

SHREEVE.— THOMAS SHREEVE, a native of
Great Yarmouth, who is now, if living, 63 years of ase, and was
the fourth son of Henry ohreeve, formerly of that town, Mayor's
Officer, will APPLY to Messrs. Clowes and Son, of Great Yarmouth,
Solicitors, he will receive information much to his advantage, concern¬
ing the auministration of his brother William Henry Shreeve's estate.
In case the above Thoms Shreeve should not be living, any person
giving to the above Solicitors sufficient proof of his death will be hand¬
somely REWARDED.
SOUTH-WESTERN RAILWAY.—ACCIDENT to
a LADY, at Clapham Junction, Tuesday evening, August 15th,
at about a quarter to 10, by the train from Teddington, changing at
Twickenham. Any person who was a WITNESS to the lady being
th rown to the platform by the rebounding of the train, after it had
tinally stepped, andene

as were alignting, will oblige and
be rewarued by COMMUNICATING with Miss Leonora tieary,
No. 14, Grafton-street, New Bond-street.
VEST LONDON HOSPITAL, Hammersmith¬
road. W.—The Committee most aratefully ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEIFT of a DONATION of TWENTY GUINEAS from the
Worship ful Company of Drapers, in aid of the funds of this unendowed
Charity.—T. ALEXANDER, Secretary.
THE HOSPITAL for WOMEN, Sohe-square.—The
commitee gratefully ACKNDWLEDGE RECEPT of TWO
BUNDLES of LiNEN, forwarded from Buckingham Palace by
order of Her Majesty's Master of the Household, sir John Cowell.—
EDWARD D. STEAD.—Dec. 3 1874.
THE UNIVERSAL BENEFICENT SOCIETY,
15, Soho-square, W.—The Council beg to ACKNOWLEDGE,
with gratefel thanks, the RECEIPT of a SECOND DONATION of
TEN GUINEAS from T. J. Marriott, Esq.; and of Two Gumeas from
E., ltooker, Esq.—G. STORMONT MURPHY, llon, Sec.
LOST, on the morning of the ist inst., in the neigh¬
borhood of Belgrave-square, a SMALL. BLACK, CURLY RE¬
TRIEVER DOG, white about the muzzle. Whoever shall take the
same to 26, Chester-street, Grosvener-place, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on the evening of November 24, in Oxford-¬
street, a LARGE, BLACK RETRIEVER De. Any one
taking him to 145, Fleet-street, shall receive FIFTY SHILLINGS
REWARD. No further reward will be offered.
LOST, Nov. 30, in the Fulham-road, a MEDIUM¬
SIZED. DARK-BROWN RLTRIEVER DOG, white frill on
cuest. Had on chain collar, W. A. Hankey on brass plate. Any one
taking the deg to 39, Rencliffe-gardens, s.W., stall receive ONE
POUND REWARD. No further reaard will be offered.
LOST, in the Lyceum Theatre, on Monday evening,
 SMALL PAIIt of OPERA GLASSES, colour purple. The
finder on taking the same to Messrs. Catchpole and Williams,
No. 223, Oxford-street, W., at once, shall receive THREE POUNDS
REWARD.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 22d
inst., near Sussex-square, Hyde-park, a HALF-BRLD WHITE
SCOTCH TERRIER, black tips to ears, feet clipped. Any one taking
the same to No. 3, Hyde-para-zardens, shall receive the above reward.
No further reward will be offered.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on Tuesday,
the 24th November, a BLACK MOROCCO JEWEL CASE,
containing coral and diamond ornaments, turquoise and diamond
ornaments, an amber chain, a gold and blue enamel brooch, pearl
centre, blue enamel shell-shapod cardrops, pearl centres; gold chain
with gold pendant, shape like a nove with turqueise forget-me-not
in the beak; a round gold brooch, leaves on smoth surface; string of
imitation pearls, examel lgacelet, clasp in blue velvet; lava bracelet,
gold mounted. The above reward shall be paid on recovery of the
whole, or £5 for any one article, or for information leading to their
recevery. Apply to Messrs. Hunt and Roskell, 156, New Bonu¬
street,t
ONE HUNDRED and TWENTY POUNDS RE¬
WARD.—Whereas sundry PAID CHEQUES have been feloniusly
ASTRACTED from the counting-house of a Ciy firm and it is be¬
Leved that the theef acted in concert with adischarged clerk, for the
purpese of forging, anit has been discovered that the cheques or some;
of them have ceen photographes. £100 Iteward will be paid to any per¬
son giving such information as may lead to the conviction of the parties
concerned; and £6 Reward wul be paid to any person furmshing
the name and address of the photegrapher. Apply to Inspector Bailry.
Police office, Old Jewry; or Messrs. West and King, Solicitors,
No. 66, Cannon-street, E.C., London.
FOUND, BILL of EXCHANGE for £195, drawn
and accepted by London frms, and indorsed in blang. Owner
have it on application to Mr. Curtis, 13, Halford-street, Leicester.
THE GENTLEMAN who LEFT a WATCH and
CHAIN with JOHN FOWLER, White Lion, Artbur-street,
Bcomsbury, is REQUESTED to CALL that it may be returned to
hin
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Gorernors of the Bank of
England to derect the payment of one dividend on the smn of £1,421
9s. 6d. Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the
names of JOSIAH MARSH, of Epping, bssex, and JOHN ROGER
RUSH, of Craven-hill, Bayswater, Esquires, and which dividend was
paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Natiopal
tbt in consequence of its having remained unclaimed since the 5th
July, 1857:—Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Dividand will be faid to Edmund
Ironside Marsh and Richard Brewster Marsh, Executor of Josiah
March, deceased, who was the survivor, who have claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim

SECOND MIDDLESEX ARTILLERY.—Head¬
Quarters, Custom-house, London, ard December, 1874.—BRIGADE
ORDERS.—The Brigade to parade in full dress at 5 o'clock p.m., at
the Custom-house, on Saturday next, the 5th, to procced to the Guild¬
hall, for the distribution of prizes by the Lord Maycr. Band to
ten
All officers, non-commissioned officers, and gunners are requested
to use every effort to be present on this occasion
Members friends will be admitted to the distribution of prizes.

JAMES CHS. LOWRIE. Captain. Adjutant 2nd Middlesex.
CITY of LONDON.—SLAUGHTER-HOUSES.—
Bye-Laws.—Approved by the Commissioners of Sewers of the
City of London, at their Meeting on Tuesuay, the 1st December, 1873,
according to the provisions of the Slaughter-house Act. 1874 (37 and
28 Vict. cap. 67.
JOSEPH DAW, Principal Clerk.
Sewers office, Guildhall, December 1st, 1874.
BYE-LAWS.
Bye-Law 1.—That each slaughter-houre be paved with asphalte, or
with ting stone, set in cement, and be laid with proper siope, and
channels towards a gully.
Bye-Law 2.— That cacn slaughter-house be effectually drained by an
adequate giazed-pipe dram, commumcating directly with the public
sewers, and be set in concrete and jointed with cement; that the
gullcy at the inlet communicating with the drain be well trapped with
a stoneware syphon trap, or other trap of approved form and con¬
struction, and be covered with a grating, the bars of which shall not
be more than three-eighths of an inch apart, which grat ng must be
fastened with a lock and key.
Bye-Law 3.—That each slaughter-house be provided with adequate
cisternage and water supply, and be thoroughly washed and cleansed
directly after the slaughtering is completed.
Bye-Law 4.—That each slaughter-house be properly lighted, and
ventilated by Lourre boards or otherwise, to the satifaction of the
Medical Officer of 11calth.
Bye-Law 5.—That no cesspool for blood, dung, offal, or other pur¬
pose, or water-closet, privy, urinal, or any opening to such places,
shall be permitted to remain or to be constructed within any
slaughter-house or lair.
Bye-Law 6.—The inner walls of every slaughter-house shall be
covered with hard, smooth, impervious material to the height of 4ft.
6in, at least, whion shall be always kept thorougtly clean and in good
order and repair, and the internal surface of the roofs and upper
portions of the wails shall be thoroughly wasned with quicklime at
least once every taree mouth¬
Bye-Law 7.—Every occupier of a slaughter-house shall provide and
keep a sufficient number of movable receptacies, with tightly- fitting
covers, for the purpose of receiving and conveying away all blood,
garbage, filth, and other offensive material; and shall in all cases, im¬
mediately after the killing and dressing of cattle in each slsughter¬
house, cause all such blood, garbage, and filth, &c., to be be placel in
such covered receptacies, and the same, together with all fat, hides,
skins, and tripes, shall, be remosed from the premises daily between
the hours of 7 p.m, and 7 a.m. Blood and garbage shall not be per¬
mitted to flow into the sewer.
Bye-Law 8.—Each slaughter-house shall be provided with adequate
lairage or poundage, properly lighted and ventilated, for the hive
cattle, and there shall be erected a strong closed partition, extending
from the floor to the celling, to separate them from the slauahtering
space. And no dead meat shall be kept in any such pound or lair,
and no calves or pigs shall be kept in any slaughter-house, lair, or
pound between the hours of 8 p.m. and 6 a.m.
Bye-Law 2.—That every slaughter-house be separated from an ad¬
joining slaughter-house in a different occupation, by a brick wall of at
least 9 inches thickness, to extend from the ground to the height of
the slaughter-hoase.
Bye-Law 10.—Rooms situated over a slaughter-house shall not be
inhabited under any pretext whatever; and no rooms or lofts shall be
constructed anew over any slaughter-house.
bye-Law 11.—A slaughter-house shall not be used for any purpose
other than that for which it is licensed, and no slaughtering shall be
conducted within public view.
Bye-Law 12.—In case of any diseased or unsound cattle being
broutht to a slaughter-house, the occupier shall forth aith give in¬
formation thereof to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Sewers, or to
the Medical Officer of Health of the City of London.
Bye-Law 13.—The occupier shall not keep, or permit to be kept, any
cattle in the ;remises except for the time absolutely necessary pre¬
vious to slaughter, or pernat to be slaughtered therein any animal
that is not intended or fit to be used for human food.
Byc-Law 14.—The officers of the Commissioners shall have free
access at all reasonable hours to any slaughter-house within the City.
Bye-Law 15.—A copy of these Bye-Laws shall be aflixed and retained
in a conspicuous place in every slaughter-house, and be from time to
time renewed, so as to be always in a legible and perfect condition.
Bre-Law 16.—If the occuper of any slaughter-house break any of the
above itye-Laws, or omit or neglect to perform any of the provisions
thereof, he shall be liable to a penaity for any one offence not exceed¬
ing the sum of £5, or in the case of a continuing ofence, the sum of
£1 for every day during which such offence is continued after convic¬
tion for the first offence.
Bye-Law 17.—A Court of Summary Juriadiction may by Sunsnary
Order suspend or deprive any ocupler of a slaughter-house altegether
of the right of carrying on any suen business, as a penalty for the
breach of any one of theso lye-Laws.
The Commissioners hereby give notice that they have transmitted
copies of the said Byc-Laws to the Local Government Board for con¬
firmation of the saie, as require
aen e the said Act.
GENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, 5, Henrietta-¬

street, Covent-gaden, W.C.
Medical Director—ALFRED EBSWORTH. F.R.C.S.
Resident skilled medical, surgical, and monthly nurses are supplied
at a moment's notice from this Institute; also fever nurses, male
attendants, and wet nurses. Applications to be addressed to the
recretary or Lady Superingendent.
VURSES (Hospital Tmained) RESIDENT INSTI¬
TUTION, 96, Wimpole-street, Cavendish-square, London, W.
Director—Mr. WILSON.
The Public and the Medical Profession are supplied, at a moment's
notice, with our own RESIDENT NURSES, specially hospital trained,
for medical, surgical, monthly, mental, fever cases, &c. Apply person¬
ally, by letter, or telegram stating case, to Lady-Superintendent.
THE ASSOCIATION of TRAINED NURSES
provides monthly, medical, surgical, fever, small pox, and men¬
tal nurses. Apply personally, per letter, or telegram to Superintendent,
No. 37, Davies-street, Beerkeley-square, Londen, W. N.B. Male attend¬
ants for all ailments paysical and mental.
ISLINGTON CEMETERY, Finchley.—For SALE,
in the must promment part of the consecrated ground of the
Cemetery, a FAMILY SPACE, 9 feet by 7 feet 6 inches, and 16 feet
deep, with a first-c.ass monnment in marble thereon. Price £75; cost
£150. Appry to Mr. Weo frow, 70, Windsor-road, Helloway.
MONUMENTS, Tombs, and Tablets, in grantte,
marble or stone. Desigus and estimates forwarded on appli¬
cation to BURKE and Co., Warwick-house, 142, Regent-street,
and 17, Newman-street, London.
N. W. JOHNSON'S MONUMENTAL WORKS,
Nos. 362 and 379. Euston-road, N.W. Particular attention
given to durability of material, good taste in design, and careful exe¬
cut on of detans. Established 1821.
MEMORIAL BRASSES, Crosses, and Inscription
Plates designed and engraved by E. MATTHEWS, 377, Oxford¬
street, London, W. Exhibiter, 1851, 1862. Established 1310. Altar
Croases and Church Metal Work. Desigus and estimates forwarded.
"Witness shall live in brass."—Shakes care.
COX and SONS' CATALOGUE of MONUMENTS,
tombs, crosses, and headstones in granite, marble, and stone,
tomb-rails, memoraal brasses, mural tablets, &c., designed by eminent
architects and others, with prices, sent for six stamps—Cox and Sons,
Ecclesiastical Warehouse and Show Rooms, 23 and 29, Southampton¬
street, Strand. Factory, the Wood and Stone Carving, Gothic Metal,
and Monumental Worke, College-wharf, Belvedere-roal, Lambeth.
cccas.
—
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—JAMES WILLIAM
BENSON, of Ludgate hill, London, Watch and Clock Maker by
special appointment to H.R.M. the Prince of Wales, regrets to find
that certam unprincipled persons are imposing upon the public by sell¬
ing watches bearing his name, but which watches have not been manu¬
factured by him. James William Benson therefore CAUTIONS the
public that they should be strict in their inquiries on this point when
effecting purchases. James William Benson, with a view to check the
said frauds, hereby offers a reward of £50, payable on conviction of the
offender, to any person giving any information which leads to such

CLARKS PATENT STEEL NOISELESS
SHUTTERS, self-colling, fire and thief proof, can be adapted to
ee in
oe other opening. Prospectures free.—Clark and Co.,
sole l'stentees, Rathbone-place, W., Paris, Manchester, Liverpool.
Duhlin, New York, Edin burgh, Vianns, and Barlin.
