J. A. H., of 30th Jan., 1869.—Your terms agreed
Brother Emil arrived: SEND yeur
ADDRESS to Pollaky's Private Inquiry Office, 13, Paddington-¬
FREDK. HOWES.—No reply to mine, of the 17th
January, sent to 98, Great Russell-street, W.C. Are yon in Paris?
WRITE to Boulogne-sur-Mer.
F. G. G. (en voyage). Where are you? Turn up and
show yourself. K. E. Y. is in Grenoble, waiting for you, and has
nothing better to do than to read Fielding's "Tom Jones" and
translate Disracli's two French Cooks in Tancred (Rosenfarbig).—E.W.
ASSAULT in SACKVILLE-STREET, Piccadilly.
—Any PERSONS who WITNESSED an ASSAULT in Sackville¬
street, Piccadilly, on Friday afternoon, the 11th day of December last,
are earnestly requested to FORWARD their NAMES and AD¬
DRESSES to Messrs. Scoles and Pain, solicitors, Rugby-chambers,
Great James-street, Bedford-row.
CHARITY.—To the SOCIETY for the RELIEF of
POOR PIOUS CLERGYMEN, residing in the country, Instituted
in 1788,a DONATION £5 5s., from Walter Cave, Esq., 3, Lowndes-street,
grave-square.
FRANCES SARAH HART.—If FRANCES
SARAH HART, who, in the year 1857, was living at St. James's¬
terrace, Ryde, Isle of Wight, will CALL at No. 59, Sloane-street,
Knightsbridge, S.W., she will hear of something to her advantage.
LOST, on Saturday evening, a £10 BANK of
ENGLAND NOTE. Payment stopped at the Bank. Any person
 same to 136, Pentonville-road, will be REWARDED.
LOST, on Friday last, between King-Street, St.
James's, and Oxford-terrace, Paddington, or dropped in an omni¬
bus plying between Regent-circus and Edgware-road, a GOLD RING,
to which was aniz
two lockets, key, and silver coln. Whoever will
take the same to Clifford's, 18, Ryder-street, St. James's, shall receive
ONE POUND REWARD.
LOST, on the 4th inst., in the neighbourhood of Port¬
land-place, a BROWN LEATHER PURSE, very much soiled,
containing a receipt for £200, deposited with Messrs. Woods, brewers,
Westminster, a £5-note, some gold, stamps, &c. If the finder will
return the same te King's, stationer, Duke-street, Portland-place, W.,
he shall receive the gold for his trouble.
LOST WILL.—TWO POUNDS REWARD.—
LOST, or mislaid, the WILL of THOMAS REUBEN HARVEY,
supposed to have been enclosed with other papers, or wrongly delivered
after being engrossed for probate. A reward of £2 will be paid to any
one taking the same to the office of Mr. Waddilove, 6, Godliman¬
street. Doctors'-commons. No further reward will be offered, as there
is an attested copy thereof available.
LOST WILL.—On or about the 31st December
last, the WILL of the late CHARLES COMER, therein de¬
scribed as of Dutton-lodge, Preston-brook, in the county of Chester,
gentleman (contained onone sheet of paper, and dated 15th December,
1865), was LOST, in Manchester or the neighbourhood, on the way
from Northenden, a handsome REWARD will-be paid to any person
bringinig such will, before the 1st March next, to Messrs. Sale, Ship¬
man, Seddon, and Sale, solicitors, 29, Booth-Street, Manchester.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, the following
BANK POST BILL, No. 3,787, dated Bank of England, Liver¬
pool, 27th October, 1863, at seven days' sight, in favour of Eliza Prowse,
£43 15s. Whoever will hand the same to Messrs. Hammond and
Nephew, 3, Abchurch-lane, E.C., shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on February
6th, either at Brompton-road, close to Tattersall's, or in York¬
street, Baker-street, a small GREEN LEATHER PURSE, with gold
clasp; containing £3 in gold and a fow shillings in silver, a very small
key, and a gold nib for a pen. Apply to Mrs. King, news agent, Duke¬
street, Portland-place.
ONE HUNDRED and FIFTY POUNDS RE¬
WARD.—STOLEN, between 6.30 p.m. and 8.45 p.m., on the
13th January, from Gunnersbury-house, Acton, Middlesex, the follow¬
ing PROPERTY, valued at upwards of £500, viz.:—
First Part.—Half-hoop ring, three fine emeralds, diamonds between
and on either side ; cluster ring, almandme set round with brillants;
ring, coloured gold, forget-me not leaves and turquoise flowers; brooch,
red cameo, likeness of a gentleman, set in a rim of gold almost plain;
brooch, enamel "Vierge à la Chaise" square ; brooch, small, aqua¬
marine, scarcely half an inch long, and very simply set; brooch. Indian
miniature, Hindoo temple, silver filigree setting; bracelet to match,
seven small miniatures, similar subjects, also filigree setting; brooch,
two very small oval Roman Mosaics, baskets of flowers, the ground
imitation of avanturine, each set in brilliants, old; bracelets, puré
coral beads, three rows, and coral cameo clasps set in gold; locket,
with large sapphire, set clear, and a few small diamonds, with white
and orange enamel; locket, dull gold, on one side raised Maltese cross,
emeralds and diamonds, reverse T. F. monbgram, in green enamel, also
raised, photograph and hair inside ; twisted gold necklace, turquoise
clasp, old fashioned.
Second Part.—Large diamond spray brooch, flowers and foliage;
diamond cluster ring, stones set in silver ; diamond bracelet, plain gold
band, with two black enamel lines, stones set in a buckle and slide, in¬
scription engraved inside E.F., ciphers reversed "In memory of my
dear father," and dates of birth and death; half-hoop ring, five opals;
ring, with small opal and brillants in black enamel; cluster ring, four
pearls and five rubies, set in white enamel and gold; ring, lapis lazuli,
pointed oval, set round with small pearls; ring, sapphire and two dia¬
monds; two bright purple paste or enamel guard rings, cut to represent
stones, and of very old workmanshin; uncommon small wedding and
guard rings; pearl necklace, mounted on mother of pearl, pattern
links; pearl tie brooch to match, with two drop tassels pair of pearl¬
bracelets, set with hair in clasps; imitation pearl necklace, mounted
in mother of pearl, with tie, heart and cross pendant; brooch, pearls
and rubies, on a tie, several good-sized stones, old-fashioned setting;
brooch, yellow topaz, on a twist and topaz pendant; brooch,
turquoise spray, flower and leaves, from Florence; brooch,
cameo, gray classic head "Arethusa" brooch, genamel, view
of the Jung-Frau, from Interlachen, Geneva; enamel bracelets
to match, with views of the lake (with hair bands) all oval; brooch,
pink corals, size of sweet pea seeds, set in a circular gold cup, modern;
brooch, plain gold, oval stiff pattern, modern; brooch, gold serpent,
with three or four turquoise in head; brooch, Roman mosaic, on blue
ground, Etruscan pattern setting; brooch, malachite leaf, silven setting;
malachite bracelet, silver gilt setting, seven or eight stones, cotagon
shaped; bracelet, plain gold, leaves and berries alternate; bracelet,
gold band (flexible), centre almandine and opals, with pendant; bracelet,
oxidized silver and gold, simple link chain, with cross, heart and anchor
pendants; bracelet, crystals (query six stones), gilt and black setting;
bracelet, silver gilt. "Dieu vous garde' on back enamel ground; bracelet,
old-fashioned, miniature of gentleman, twisted band of metal; lockets,
two small gold, engraved, with hair; locket, small gold, embossed en¬
amelled wreath of forget-me-nots; ring, enamelled forget-mernots; set
of fine Roman mosaics, on dark blue enamel grounds, consisting of square
brooch, "The Pantheon." Rome chaininecklet and pendant, landscape¬
"Tivoli" (t), earrings "Temple of Vesta," and another ruin; gold brequet
chain, with four pendants, viz: perpetual calendar, gold and silver garnet
centre gold telescopelpencil-case, seal like a daisy-cup,with blood stonés:
Bramah key, not gold; strong chain necklet, gold, with turdhoise circufar
pendant: heavy gold chain, full length, double links; small German
garnet ornament, with enamel head set of Algerian ornaments, with
coral beads, bracelet, brooch, double waistbuckle, and solitaires; all
the pieces circular; head fillet of Roman pearls with tassels; pair of
bracelets, Roman pearls; very small vinaigrette, silver; sall ivory
brooch, red rose and green leaves; small brooch, coloured gold leaves.
flowers in china, broken, very old; chain of small foreign seeds and
steel beads, arranged alternately; pair of chased gold solitaires, pair
of enamelled ditto, figures of a man and a woman; and very old table¬
spoon, engraved I. S.
The above reward will be paid by Messrs. Ware and Westall, solici¬
tors, 1, Copthall-court, Throgmorton-street,E.C., to any person giving
such information as will lead to the conviction of the thief or thieves
and the recovery of the property, or in proportion thereof; and espe¬
cially of the property in the first part of the list. Information to
Detective Police Great Scotland-yard, S.W.—London, February, 1869.
FOLLOWED, from the Temple Jan. 27th, a WHITE
and LIVER-COLOURED POINTER BITCH. If not owned
within three days from this date, Feb. 9th, will be SOLD to defray ex¬
penses. Apply to Mr. Moss, news agent, Hampstead N.W

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £103 Consolidated £3
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of EDMUND
EVERMY, of Sydenham, Kent, victualler, and ELIZABETH
EVERMY, his wife, and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed since the 5th January, 1859;—Notice is hereby given that,
on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will
be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Edmund Evermy
and Elizabeth Evermy, his wife, whe have claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
METROPOLITAN CLUB. Temporary Premises,
20, Piccadilly, W.—SUBSCRIPTIONS for 1869 (three guineas)
are now DUE. Entrance fees are not charged for the present to
newly-elected members. Particulars may be had of the Secretary.
VICTORIA CLUB, Westminster Palace Hotel.—
Under the above title, a new CHESS, Whist, and Social CLUB
was OPENED on the 1st of January, the members of which, for the
small subscription of two guineas a year, enjoy all the advantages of a
spacious club-house, without any of its responsibility. Candidates for
admission must make immediate application to L. Jefferis, Esq., West¬
minster Palace Hotel, Victoria-street, S.W.
NOTICE.—Mr. C. F. HANCOCK, senior partner
of the firm of C. F. Hancock, Son, and Co., 39, Bruton-street,
corner of Bond-street, begs respectfully to inform his patrons that he
will retire from business at the end of the present year; the firm
for the future will consist of his son, Mr. Mortimer Hancock, Mr.
Stewart, and Mr. Dore. In'consequence of the retirement of the senior
partner, the whole of the valuable stock of DIAMONDS, Jewellery,
Plate, and Works of Art, in gold and silver, is now being SOLD at
greatly rede te pie
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—PELLATT and Co.,
glass manufacturers to the Queen, have REMOVED their busi¬
ness and depot for Minton's china from the Baker-street Biaar to
opposite premises, at 25, Baker-street; and the only places at which
their goods can be purchased are:—The Falcon Glass Works, Holland-¬
street, Blackfriars, S.E.; 27, Walbrook, Mansion-house, E.C.; 25,
Baker-street. W.
NOTICE.—By Order of the Metropolitan Board of
Works.—Edwards-street, Portman-square, is now re-numbered in
Wigmore-street.—Messrs. H. J. CAVE and SONS, Railway Basket¬
makers to H.R.H. the Princess of Wales, beg to inform their nume¬
rous friends and customers that they have taken and will shortly
OPEN the ADJOINING PREMISES as an addition to their
FANCY BASKET DEPARTMENT, so that their address is now
No. 74, 76, and 78, Wigmore-street, W., all adjoining.
NNOUNCEMENT.—Several orders intended for
PELLATT and Co. having miscarried, they deem it necessary to
notify that they have given up the glass and china show rooms ther
held for many years in the Baker-street Bazaar, and have REMOVED
to opposite premises, at 25, Baker-street.
THE AZIENDA ASSICURATRICE of Trieste,
Fire and Marine (established 1822), has REMOVED from 20, King
William-street, to 1, Princes-street, Bank.
EGAL, CLERICAL, and MEDICAL CO¬
OPERATIVE SOCIETY (Limited), 374, Eus
n-road.—Mr.
E. Beere begs to inform members, that the DRUGGIST and DIS¬
PENSING DEPARTMENT is OPENED.—Seclist of prices.
TO AMATEURS.—Can be had for dramatic per¬
formance readings &c., with use of scenery, the ROYAL GAL¬
LERY of ILLUSTRATION, 14, Regent-street, every Saturday evening:
and for Readings any morning when not oben for Mr. and Mrs. Ger¬
man Reed's Entertainment. For terms address to W. W., stall office.
NESSRS. FORRESTERS PRIVATE INQUIRY
OFFICE, 6, Danes'-inn, Strand.—Mr. JOHN FORRESTER,
late Principal Police Officer at the Mansion-house, city of London.—
CONFIDENTIAL INQUIRIES made in England and abroad.
RUENOS AYRES GOVERNMENT CERTIFI¬
CATE.—Translation:—We, the undersigned, at the request of
Messrs. Jas. C. Thompson and Co., certify that the Iron Safes of
Messrs. Chubb and Son, London, of which these gentlemen are agents,
were exposed for several hours to the fire that took place in the offices
of the National Government on the evening of the 26th instant; that
in our presence they were easily opened with their respective keys:
that the moneys and important documents they contained were found
in perfect order, and that these safes are now in use in the National
Treasury Office. —Buenos Ayres, 31st July, 1867. Signed,
.M. DRAGO, Treasurer of the National Government,
JOSE TOMAS ROJO.
JUAN M. ALVAREZ.
A true copy.—A. M. BELL.
A large assortment of these SAFES may be inspected at CHUBB
and SONS, 57, St. Paul's churchyard, London; 68, Cross-street, Man¬
chester 28, Lord-street, Liverpool; and Horseley-fields, Wolverhamp¬
ton.
THE public are CAUTIONED against IMITA¬
TIONS of the NEW VELLUM WOVE CLUB-HOUSENOTE.Th
paper has been manufactured to meet the universally experienced want
—1. c., a paper which shall in itself combine a perfectly smooth surface
with total freedom from grease. It is made from the best linen rags
only, possesses great tenacity, and durability, and is equally well adapted
for quill or steel pen. Sample packet post free for 18 stamps.
(Signed) PARTRIDGE and COOPER, Sole Manufacturers
and Vendors, 192, Fleet-street, E.C.
NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs restectfully to inform her customers and ladies of the nobi¬
her establishment will in future be CLOSED at 5 o'clock on
SATURDAYS.—92, Regent-street.
HENRY S. KING and Co., 65, Cornhill, E.C. (late
Smith, Elder, and Co.), shipping and forwarding agents.
Passages engaged by steamers and sailing vessels. Outfits provided.
Cabins fitted. Goods, parcels, and passengers' baggage collected, and
sffipped from the various ports, and by the overland route to the East.
MESSRS. SMITH, ELDER, and Co.'s EAST
INDIA AGENCY and BANKING BUSINESS is carried on by
their successors, HENRY S. KING and Co., in the old premises,
No. 65, Cornhill, and 45, Pall-mall; also all the other branches of their
business, except general publishing.
JENRY S. KING and Co., 65, Cornhill, and
45, Pall-mall, successors to the East India Agency and Banking
Business of Messrs. Smith, Elder, and Co., and all the other branches
of their business, exgept general publishing.
