 C. G. T. waits at 21, painfully anxious.
E.
—We have a NOTE for you. No. 14.
E.
—A LETTER is ADDRESSED to R. B., post¬

IF R. B. will RETURN HOME, all shall be forgiven.

MR. GEORGE PAYNE, late of Craven-place, Pad¬

Alfred Mayhew.

oblige some friends in England by SENDING his ADDRESS

FRANCES ROBINSON (niece of John Robinson,
late of Gainsborough, Lincolnshire, deceased, and a legatee named

Teeeegst
London, E.C. The said Frances Robinson is supposed to have left

ROYAL NAVAL and MILITARY FREE
SCHOOLS, Devonport.—The TREASURER has much pleasure
in ANNOUNCING the handsome DONATION of £18 8s. 6d., from
H.M.S. HERO, lately paid off at Sheerness, £11 9s. of which being

ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—
Whereas, on Sunday evening, 30th March last, a LITTLE GIRL,
named ELIZABETH HUNTER, usually called "Betty Hunter" aged
eight years, having been DECOYED AWAY from Green Man's-lane,
Frog-lane, Lower-road, Islington, by a decent-looking man, and not
having since been heard of Her Majesty's Govemment hereby ofer
a reward of £50 to any person giving information as shall lead to
the apprehension and conviction of the offender; and Sir George Grey
will advise Her Majesty's pardon to any accomplice or accomplices
giving such information. A further reward of £50 will be paid on appli¬
lication to J. B. Talbot, Secretary to the London Society for the Pro¬
tection of Young Females, 28, New Broad-street, city, to any party
giving such information as shall lead to the recovery of the child and
the conviction of the offender. Elizabeth Hunter is of pale com¬
plexion, has light hair and eyes, and a large sear on one of her cheeks.
Persons feeling sympathy with her broken-hearted parents are re¬
quested to forward their kind donations (for defraying the expense
of advertisements, printing, and other necessary expenses connected
with the case) to the Rev. Daniel Wilson, Vicar of Islington, Barns¬
bury-park, Islington; Rev. J. M. Ward. Incumbent of St. Stephen's,
Islington; Rev. Louis Stanham, 54, Gibson-square, Islington; or to
Mr. Miles, dentist, 15, Liverpool-street, city
LOST, on the 20th November, in South Audley¬
street, a small WHITE CUBA BITCH. Whoever will bring,
the same to 21 A. Hill-street, Berkeley-square, shall RECEIVE TWO

LOST, on Saturday last, between Argyle-road, Ken¬
sington, and Oxford-street, a BUNCH of ELEVEN small KEYS,
on a steel ring. Anyone finding them and bringing them to 1, Argyle¬
road, Kensington, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, the smallest SABLE MUFF, on Friday
evening, the 28th inst., between half-past 6 and 7 o'clock, in a cab
which took up a lady at 3, Spanish-place, Manchester-square, takin
her to 2, Wilton-crescent. A pocket-handkerchief marked "C. S. T. M."
was inside the muff. Whoever will bring the same to 2, Wilton¬
crescent, or to Mr. Bolton, stationer, Knightsbridge, shall receive a
REWARD.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday,
1st December, between Broad-street-buildings and the Bank of
London, a DARK LEATHER POCKET-BOOK, containing copies of
bills of exchange and other papers, of no value to any one but the
owner. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Gerothwohl, care of
Messrs. L. and S. Spyer, 19, Broad-street-buildings, shall receive the
above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, about 25th of
October last, supposed on board a Margate steamer, TWO small
MEMORANDUM BOOKS; one containing list of interest due on
mortgages, and also of rents; names mentioned, Belchier, Baker, and
others, also Simmons, Freestone, and others; the other containing ad¬
dresses and recipes. Address to G. Trotter, 12, Union-crescent, Mar¬
gate, Kent.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—Supposed to be
LOST, between Euston-square and the entrance to the railway
station, on the evening of the 20th October last, a POCKETBOOK,
maker's name "Effingham Wilson," containing £140 in Bank of Eng¬
land Notes, numbered as under, which are stopped at the Bank, and
seven sovereigns. Whoever will bring the same to Messrs. Wilson's,
No. 103. Cheapside, shall receive the above reward. 16 £5-notes, num¬
bered 21605 to 21615; five £10-notes, numbered 73776 to 73780; three

FOUND, in a cab, on Sunday last, a LADY's MUFF
and a small CLOCK. The owner can receive the same at
No. 57, Marylebone-road.
BLACK RETRIEVER DOG FOLLOWED a
trap, in the fog, on Thursday, Nov. 13, from the neighbourhood
of the Standard, Ashley-terrace City-road. If not owned within 10
days, will be SOLD.—Sutton, 26, Cursitor-street Chancery-lane. Se¬
cond advertisement.
TO PARISH CLERKS.—TWO GUINEAS will be

CERTIFICATE of the BURIAL of LOUIS
FRANCOIS DAVID MORE. It is believed he died at Grove-end,
Hampstead, between the years 1822 and 1827, and was buried in that
neighbourhood, Fulham, or Kensington. Address Richd, Walthew,
solicitor, 9, Southampton-buildings, W.C.
MORNSEY-WOOD POUND Upper Holloway.—
Notice.—A BAY HORSE, 15 hands high, white face, four white
(impounded by M. L. Neve, of Tottenham, Middlesex), will be
SOLD by AUCTION, at Aldridge's, St. Martin's-lane, To-morrow
(Wednesday), Dec. 3, 1862; at the same time, an Iron Gray Pony, 11
hands high. Both to be sold for expenses.
AS. STONES, Poundkeeper.

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debs, of the sum of £133 10s. 3d. Reduced
3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of JAMES
TOOKEY, of Rockingham, Northamptonshire, labourer, deceased, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of
the dividends thereon not having been received since the 10th October,
1821; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be transferred, and the dividends
thereon Paid, to James Bellamy, the Administrator de bonis non, of
the said James Tookey, deceased, who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND. — Unclaimed Stock.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank
of England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £91 4s. 9d. Consoli¬
dated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
MICHAEL LARKING, of Blackheath, in Kent, HENRY COCK, of
Lambeth, in Surrey, and SARAH EVANS, widow, of Newington¬
green, all deceased, and which was transferred to the said Commis¬
sioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed on and from the 5th January, 1835;—Notice is hereby
given, that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said
Stock will be Tansferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to
George Evans, acting executor of Sarah Evans, widow, deceased, who
was the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN the SUPREME COURT of the COLONY of
VICTORIA ; Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Jurisdiction.—
In re THOMAS WRIGHT, petitioner, and HANNAH WRIGHT,
respondent, and JOHN CASSIDY, co-respondent.—Thursday, the
26th day of June, in the year of Our Lord 1862.—Upon reading
the affidavit of Thomas Wright, the above named petitioner,
sworn on the 5th day of May, 1862, and filed this day, and
upon hearing of Dr. Mackay, of Counsel, for the said petitioner,
this Court doth order that the CITATION issued herein be
AMENDED by inserting the words" three months" instead of 21 days,
and that the service thereof as to the said Hannah Wright, the above¬
named respondent, be made on Jonathan Fawcett, of Burley, near
Otley, in Yorkshire, in that part of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ircland called England, the father of the respondent, or
on Stephen Fawcett, of Burley aforesaid, the brother of the said re¬
spondent, and that such service be deemed good service on the said re¬
spondent; and this Court doth further order that the said citation,
together with a copy of this order, be advertised three times in The
Times newspaper, published in London, and the like advertisement to
be inserted three times in the Argus newspaper, published in the city of
Melbourne, in the colony of Victoria, and in the latter case the said
advertisement to be inserted at intervals of one month; and this Court
doth further order that the service of the said citation as to the said
John Cassidy, the above named co-respondent, shall be deemed to be
good service on the said John Cassidy, by the insertion of the said
advertisement in the Argus newspaper aforesaid as hereinbefore
By the Court.
directed.
REDERICK WILKINSON, Master in Equity.
THOMAS MILLER, Procto r e.
ner, 121, Swanston¬
street, Melbourne.
In the Supreme Court of the Colony of Victoria: Divorce and Matri¬
monial Causes Jurisdiction. In Re Thomas Wright, of Lancefield, in
the county of Dalhousie, in the colony of Victoria, blacksmith.—
Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britian
and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, to Hannah Wright, of
Burley, in the county of Yorkshire, in England, and John Cassidy, of
the colony of Victoria. These are to command you that within three
months of the service hereof on you, inclusive of the day of such ser¬
vice hereof on you (inclusive of the day of such service), you do appear
in our said Court, then and there to make answer to the petition, a
copy whereof, sealed with the seal of our said Court, is herewith served
upon you. And take notice, that in default of your so doing, the
Judges of our said Court will proceed to hear the charges proved in
due course of law, and to pronounce sentence therein, your absence
notwithstanding.
Given under my hand and seal of the said Court, this 8th day of
April, in the year of our Lord 1863.
FREDK. WILKINSON, Master in Equity.
THOMAS MILLER, Proctor of Petitioner, 121, Swanston¬

SMITHFIELD CLUB CATTLE SHOW, 1862.—
SIXTY-FOURTH ANNUAL EXHIBITION of CATTLE,
Sheep, Pigs, Implements, Seeds, and Roots will be held in the
Agricultural-hall, Islington, near the Angel, on Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, the 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, and 12th
Dec. next.
The opening day on Monday, 8th Dec., admission 5s. ; on
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, admission 1s.
The Great Agricultural-hall, 400 feet long, 75 feet high, with a clear
span of 125 feet, with a minor-hall 100 feet square, has been built
specially for the use of the Smithfield Club.
The light implements, seeds, and roots will be arranged in four
spacious galleries.
The heavy machinery beneath the galleries.
The cattle in the middle of the Hall, divided by a promenade up¬
wards of 20 feet wide.
A first class refreshment room and several convenient bars will be
supplied by the Purveyor of the Royal Agricultural Society's Shows.
Retiring rooms and lavatories for ladics and for gentlemen, a cloak
and parcel office, a post office, a telegraph office, and many other ac¬
commodations will be provided. The Hall will be brillantly illumi¬
nated every evening by a thousand gas-burners. Open from 8 a.m
to 9 p.m.
Western entrance— Liverpool-road.
Eastern entrance—Islington-green.
SMITHFIELD CLUB SHOW.—OPENING DAY
of the NEW AGRICULTURAL-HALL. Admission 5s.
Tickets may be obtained at Mitchell's library, Bond-street; Sam's

MITHFIELD CLUB SHOW, at the Agricultural¬

the Great Western, the Great Northern Railways will run EXCUR¬
a
Special arrangements for return tickets by ordinary trains extending
over eight days have also been made by these and other companies.
SMITHFIELD CLUB CATTLE SHOW (Stand
84).—A. DAVIS wishes to call the attention of gentlemen to his
PATTERNS exhibited of SCOTCH AGRICULTURAL HARNESS
and ENGLISH CART HARNESS, the prices of which are exceed¬
ingly low, and the quality of the most superior description. An at¬
tendant will explain and take orders. Lists of prices on application

WILLIAM GEORGE GUERRIER, Cattle and
Sheep Salesman, London, begs to inform noblemen and gen¬
tlemen intending to send their stock to his care, at the Smithfield Club
Cattle Show, to be held at the Agricultural Hall, Islington, that he
will be in personal attendance there daily. — West Smithfield.
JOHN GIBLETT and SON, Cattle and Sheep Sales¬
men, London, will be happy to receive an early intimation of
CATTLE and SHEEP that noblemen and gentlemen intend to con¬
sign to their care at the Agricultural Hall, Islington, where the Smith¬

attle Show will be held this year, instead of Baker-street.

ROOT SHOW, Bingley-hall, Birmingham.-SUTTON
and SONS, seed growers. Reading, respectfully invite attention
to their COLLECTION of TURNIPS, Mangold Wurzel, Kohl Rabl,
and other agricultural specimens, which will be seen on their stand,
in the root show gallery, opposite the main entrance, in Bingley-hall,
Also to their Collection of Gourds at the Town-hall, to which (with
other horticultural and agricultural produce) the large Silver Medal of
the Royal Horticultural Society was awarded at the International Show,
in the Royal Horticultural Society's Gardens, South Kensington.
Orders for seeds will be received at the stand during the show. Priced
lists will be forwarded by post when ready.—Royal Berkshire Seed
Establishment, Reading, November, 1862.
PREPARE for CHRISTMAS.—CONJURING
TRICKS for home entertainment, at the Magical Repository,
No. 95, Regent-street, W. Single tricks, from 6d. to 40 guineas. Boxes
for presents from 5s. 6d. to 20 guineas. Catalogues free. Full instruc¬
tions accompany country orders. N.B. Honourable mention at the
International Exhibition—the sole award.
