ADVERTISEMENT REFUSED on the 15th. Will
publish in evening paper on 25th.—Bold. Observer.
AWRENCE.—Delighted to get your two, out why
not another? Am anxious. I long to write. Always the same.
Do write.
MADAME BREMOND, ayant quelque chose pressée
et tres importante à communiquer à Mr. MALIN, le prie de
n FAIRE CONNAITRE sO ADRESSE.
—SS—You have been very kind and patient with me,
and I have tried you sorely. The words that stariled me were
probably the frands agamst which you warned me, or at any rate not
yours. I knew that without affection 1 should be miserable, so that
if money was your chief object it would not answer. I wish I could
see you, or write privately, but 1 am never certain of any letter reach¬
ing you safely. 1 do not wish to say good bye. I wisu you were in
better re a et.
DECOYED from their home, at Tunbridge Wells, on
the 21st of August, 1878, THREE BOYS, of the name
 LEAVER (nine, eight, and four). Whoever shall give such IN¬

SMA IC.
as shall lead.
ARDED.

Address F. Cleaver. Elm Tree
rove, Tunbridge-wells.
ANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.
Appli¬
cation having been made to the

thernors of the e
land to direct the retransfer from the Commiss
t o r t e Reduc¬
tion of the National b
ce h e sum of £325
Consolidaed 3 per.
nun,

ta e standing in the name of JOHN
HETHERINGTON, of Connaught-terrace, Hyde-park, Esquire, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of
the ivide e.
te hereon having remaine e,
in ce th e th o e
aeed
January, 1859;—Notice is hereby given th
piation of

three months from this date (22d of August,
79).
ta said Stock will
be Transferr.


ahe ton, Widow, sole Executrix o oaneo.

rieingnton, deceased, who
has claimed the same, untess some other claimant shall sooner appear
oe e  t his claim theret
THE COMMITTEE of the NORTH LONDON
HOSPITAL for CONSUMPTION, Mount Vernon, Hampstead,
beg very gratefully to ACKNOWLEDGE from the Executors of the
late James Graham, Esq., a SECOND GIFT out of the residue of the
estate of £250.—W.
Ho
ENIBROOK, Sec.
WESTERN OPHTHALMIC HOSPITAL, 153,
Marylebone-road, W. —The Committee of Management
thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEPT of £33, being the
amount awarded to this Hospital by the Council of the Metropolite
Hospital Sunday Fund.
MATIONAL HOSPITAL for DISEASES of the
HEART and PARALYSIS, Soho-square, W.—Treasurer, the
Earl of Glasgow.—The Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE
a DONATION of £5 5s. from Ragle-house, Wimbledon, Chapel Offer¬
tory, per Rev. A. N. Maian, in aid of the funds of the Hospital.—H.
SEYMOUR HILL, Secretary.
LOST, last Friday, August 15th, at the Co-operative
Stores, Haymarket, a £5 NOTE. Can be identified. Address
Mrs. Pattison, Badgemore, Henley-on-Thames.
LOST, on Tuesday, the 19th inst., between the Waterloo
Railway Station and Shanklin, a GENTLEMAN'S SMALL
GOLD BROOCH, with two diamonds. Whoever will take the same
to Mr. R. O. Styles, No. 40, Bedford-row, shall be liberaily RE¬
WARDE
ONE POUND REWARD for a PUG DOG, LOST,
on Monday evening, the 18th, near Kensington High-street.
Apply 27, Young-street, Kensington-square.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, from 35, Edg¬
ware-road. Hyde-park, on Sunday, the 10th inst., a RED
DACHSUND DOG. Answers to the name of Bruce. Had on a
ae r¬
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Thurs¬
day evening last, from 14, Blenheim-street, Great Marlborough¬
street, a BLACK RUSSIAN POODLE DOG, onpped on hind¬
quarters. Anyone taking him to the above address, or the Vicarage,
Kingston-on-Thames, shall receive the above reward.
CHARITY COMMISSION.—T. H. 5,233, No. 51.—

the matter of the CHARITIES of BAPTIST, Viscount
CAMPDEN, and ELIZABETH, Dowager Viscountess CAMPDEN,
and of CROMWELLS GIFT, in the parish of Kensington, in the
county of Middlesex, and in the matter of "the Charnable Trusts
Acts 1853 to 1869."—Notice is hereby given, that an ORDER has been
made by the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and
Wales DISCHARGING EDWARD SHEPPARD, at his own re¬
quest, from being a TRUSTEE of the above Charity, and Establish¬
ing a Scheme for the administ io.
thereof.
A copy of the order (and scheme) may be inspected, free of cost,
daily, except on Sundays, during the space of one calendar month,
to be computed from the first publication of this notice, at the office
of Reuben Green, at the Vestry-hall in the above-mentioned parish
between the hours of 11 a.m. and 3 p.m., and at the office of the said
Commissioners, W.
tehall, London, S.W., between the hours of
10 a.m. and 4 p.m.—Dated this 25th day of July, 1879.
HENRY M. VANE, Secretary.
Note.—Copies of the order and scheme may be optained at the
office of the Commissioners during the above-mentioned space of one
month, at the price of 6d. each, and may be remitted by post office¬
order payable to Henry Morgan Vane, at the post office, Charing¬
cross., or, if the amount be less than 2s. 6d., in penny postage stamps.
CHARITY COMMISSION.—In the Matter of the
ti y known as the HOSPITAL of the HOLY and UN¬
DIVIDED TRINITY of the Foundation of Henry Earl of Northamp¬
ton, in the parish of Greenwich, in the county of Kent, and In the
Matter of the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1869.—Notice is hereby
given, that an order has been made by the Board of Charity Commis¬
sioners for
glandand Wales establishing a SCHEME for the
ADMINISTRATION and MANAGEMENT of the above-mentioned
Charity
Copies of the order and scheme may be inspected free of cost daily,
except on Sundays, during the space of one calender month, to be
computed from the first publication of this notice, at Mercers'-hall,
in the City of London, at Trinity Hospital, and at the Vestry Clerk's
office in Greenwich, at the Duke's Head Inn at Shottesham, in the
county of Norfolk, at the Bank of Messrs. Gurney, at Bungay, in
the county of Suffolk, and at the Rectory, Castle Rising, in the said
county of Norfolk, between the hours of 10 a.m. and 2 p.m.; and at
the office of the said Commissioners, Whitehall, London, S.W.,
tween the hours of 10 a.m. and 4 p.m.—Dated this twenty-ninth day of
July, 1879.
HENRY M. VANE, Secretary.
Note.—Copies of the order and scheme may be obtained at the office
of the Commissioners during the above-mentioned space of one month,
at the price of 6d. each, which may be remitted by post office orner,
payable to Henry Morgan Vane, at the post-office, Charing-cross; or,
th he  aon
less than 2s. 6d., in penny postage stamps.
IN the Matter of LETTERS PATENT granted to

AN AROYLANDS, of en
sley, near Barnsley, in the Co.
to of
York, for the Inventio en
ments in means ofo e¬

otth
o o ther hollow articles," dated 27th Novee 


Notice is herebe

an   lands has made
application to the Commissioners
Patents for Inventions for
LLA
t FILE a DISCLAIME,

ANDUM
L  IE.
OT I ON of certai P  S
SO C.W.


said Letter
atent, and any person intending to oppose such applica¬

ust leave notice thereof at the office of Her Majesty's Attor¬
ey-General, 6, Crown Office-row, Temple, withs
10 days after the
date hereof. —Dated this 22d day of August, 1879.

OR GAN (Secretary Inventors Pate.


ation (Limice    e,
to f for the Petitioner, 21,
pur¬s
Coo.
Set,
aring-cross, London.
R .
SCHOOL BO
LONDON.—The Industrial
Schools Act, 1866.—Nt.
ch  hereby given, that on

te 1st October, 1879, or on
the 80.
ednesds
October, 1879, a

afternoon, the achool soard for London, at their

an which will the be holden at the office oe.
noard, on the
ctoria Embankment, in the City of Westminster, will take into
consideration the making of CONTRIBUTIONS of SUMS of
Md


topp ort of
inmates and towards the
ee
 DISETRIC
CERTIFIED
L S 
INDUSEEE
HOO L, Hereford.
By order, (Signed) G. ATTENBOROUGH, Acting
Clerk of the Bar.
Victo
W .
Embauke

MARVES
NNG
NS.
L T
SEAS
To
the.
Noblemen, Landowners, and Large Farmers of the Kingdom.—
In answer to the letters and telegrams on this subject, sometimes to
the extent of 50 or 60 in a day, all speakin
ruain to the Hay Harvest,
an  all want
to borrow HAY-DRYERS .
ke leave to say that
having spent £10,000 in proving that the hary
to e e nation can be
sved,  do notf
called upon to invest other
ousands in providing
large numbers of these machines on loan. This is an undertaging

be carried out by a company. The Duke of Manchester
as advisen me to hand over my patents to an association
2.
oblemen and gentten
thein  that purpose, and has kinday
volunteered to take shares in such an enterprise. If 1 did so,
I should neither ask nor accept any premium for
patents.
but (also by His Grace's ad
tcemerely be recouped for my outtay.
half in shares and half in cash. There would be n

promotion or y itting, and it is not even intended to issue a formal
prospectus, as the subjoined facts speak for themselves. It will be a
strictly limited and selected company, consisting of those only who
have a strong interest in its success. Before acting upon this advice.
I would ask you to be good enough, individuaily, to post to me
answers to these twoquestions:—
1st, Do you think such an association or company would be a
public be
Pt
2d. What number of £100 or £5 shares would you (probably)
Wil

the £100, there

occasion
to call for more than £20 per share; of the £5, £1 per shars,
with samitar calis at intervais of not less than three months, be¬
cause such calls would be sumcient to provine for the construction
of 20 or 30 machines, besides those already ordered, and the
profit oi sale or hire of these would yield from 7½ to 10 per cent on
the initial capital of £20.000. When a sufficient number of sharcholders
have thus signified their probable intention of joining in this enter¬
prise, a Meeting will be called, ate
tae t the fullest expinnations
of its powers and prospects will be given, and all questions ans ered.
Thereupon, if these are deemed satisfactory, the Shareholders will
be left to elect their own Board of Directors, Chairman, and officers,
wholly uninfiuenced by myself or by anyone in my behalf. In naming
the probable number of shares, please understand that you incur no
legal liabdlities whatever; but I would ask you to understate rather
than overstate that number, so as not to mislead me into acting upon
insufficient support.—WM. A. GIBBS, Gillwell-park, Chingford.
A few Proofs that Farmers can save £30 to £40 a day, whereby the
country would avoid a loss of £2,000,000 in an average season, and
£15,000,000 in a bad one.
The Hay-dryer, constructed by the Duke of Sutherland's engineers,
under Mr. Gibbs's patents, dried 10 to 15 loads per diem. Another of
these smaller ones is now regularly at work drying stable litter at
Messrs. East's farm, rendering it perfectly fit for use at the rate of 12
to 16 loads a day, at a cost of 3s. per load.
Mr. Withers says:—"One ton of straw litter from our stables was
rendered fit for use again in an hour; the cost of using the machine 1s

These resuits show that where a large number of horses are kept
(as at Woolwich, Aldershot, on.
aoo o t her
tems the straw from the
stables can be dried so as to effect a saving of from £1,000 to £5,000

Of another, Sir G. W. Broke-Myddleton, Bart, wrote —— "I have

at about two hours sufficed to fit the
hay-dryer for travelling on the road, and in less than a day it was
adjusted to my engine. We dried a large two-horse waggon load of
coarse, half-made nay in an hour and a half. I am quite satislied as
to the capabilities of the machme.
Of another, Mr. Edward Carey writes, concerning orchard grass:—
"Some was perfectly dried by passing through once ; that under the
trees, where it was not even withered, was dried in twice. Nothing
prevented our going reguiarly on: many gentlemen came to see it, and
all were perfectly satisfied. Some took hay from the stack and gave
it to their carriage horses as a test; this was rough grass that had
been lying out for days, but they ate it directly it was put before
them I consider we have done remarkably well, and am perfectly
satisfied with the result of our trials. The 10 acres of orchard grass
would have been wholly wasted had it not been for the machine."
Of the one constructed for Mitchell Henry. Esq., M.P., Mr. John
Ashcombe, and Mr. Peter Mills, of Sewardstone, say:—"We were
present when you dried 17 load of truss-bound hay int
quarters
of an hour, such hay having been previously proved to contain 3o per
cent, of excess-wat.
Mr. Roddick, of Quintain-hill, Waltham Abbey, says:—"Nineteen
loads of demaged hay, which would otherwise have been useless, were
rendered fit for stacking at the rate of 2s loads per hour. I realized
£60 to £70 by the day-and-half's use of the hay-dryer."
Mr. Mills says:—"Heavy, wet hay, black with decay and dust, came
out a good, fair colour; the horses ate it frecly. 1 estimate it as worth
£5 a load in market, and have saved £20 by the half-day's work,
The Editors of the Agricuitural Gazette and the Chamber of Agri¬
culture Journal say:—"We are able to report that during
taesevere
and long-protracted ttials with grass and nay in all oo¬

was no strain or failure in any part of the mechanism."
As to the perfermance of the carlier and simpler forms of hay¬
dryers, Mr. Alnsworth, o Se a e.
taene wrote:—"I have
saved a Dutch barnful of hay during rain, and without any roof over
the machine." This gentleman has just han one of the more power¬
ful machines constructed for this season.
Mr. Amersfoordt, of Haarlem, invited a gatherin
1o ,,00 0 0.
th
chief people in Holland to see his in action, and afterwards wrote:—
Grass that had been cut a couple o f da 
ae e ade into hay in five
minutes, and was then immediately stacked
eroe e s aet
The
horses eat it eagerly. I consider the trial perfectly

The Hon. Mrs. Maberly wrote :—"The hay-dryer answers perfectly.
We brought in the wottest grass I ever saw, and made it into excellent
rowen. My cows are now being fed with it
With the newest and largest machme constructed for this season
Mr. Ashcombe cleared 10 acres per diom of grass from the swathe, at
a cost of 11s. per acre. This machine was purchaged by Sir Wmn. Bagge.
M.P., and with it his harvest was cleared at the rate of 30 tons per 2d
hours. Before it was sent away the Duke of Manchester and Mr.
G. F. Fuller saw it in action, and ordered machines of the same size
for 1880. Since then Lord Ashburton and Colonel Buchanan have
already ordered two others. Colonel Buchanan has also ordered one
of the simpler forms, like that in use by Mr. L. Learmouth, of Part¬
hall, Polmont, N.B. Mr. Constable, of Wassand, near Hull, reports
the clearing of nearly 14 acres in a day, and Mr. Amsworth, of Bolton¬
le-Moors, 15 loads in 74 hours. This was grass, that had been mown
on a Tuesday, rained upon all Wednesday, and dried on Thursday. As
these machines will save the labour of five or six men, their use is not
restricted to wet seasons only. All large farmers admit that in average
seasons they lose £50 to £100 by detenoration in quaiity of one or two
of their stacks. This, therefore, is good interest on the first outlay,
and as this same machine will save the straw-crop also, and finally the
aftermath, it will be seen that there are indeed few seasons in this
climate in which it would not pay well for its possession. Mcreover,
when not wanted in one county, it can be hired out for another, and
a considerabse profit would accrue from buving up and restoring
damaged crops in all parts of the kingdom. Tuis, in fact, woudd be
one or the most valuable and profitable operations of a company, but
one that can only be carried out by the command of ample capital.
The prices of the New Machines range from £190 to £350 and upwards;
of the older forms, from £60 to £100. Only a limited number of each
can be provided in advance for next season, hence those who wish to
avoid a repetition of this year's losses are advised to look into th

