to S.....— T le—CONDO.
LENCE TENDERED on recent further bereavement.
STE.—Oh that impression of yours is most wrong?
Another ?.... There is no proof that I would refuse you were
you only to ask—you know my address—why will you not ? Do, and
then juage me —D.
C. (pencill.
L—G.—If the advertisements addressed to
M. N. were yours, why not WRITE as directed? The lone
lonely still. When kind friends have left us, and loved ones
have flown, Ch, who would inhabit this bleak world alone? Address
Pancras-vale, Chalk Farm-road, London.
CHE COMMITTEE of the LONDON INFIR¬
MARY for ULCERATED LEGS, &c., 1, Red Lion-square, W. C.,
beg to ACKNOWLEDGE many kind promises of AID towards their
BAZAAR, which is to be held at the Hanovor-square Rooms, on April
27th and 28th. Further help is earnestly solicited.
GRATEFUL THANKS for REAL CHARITY in
AID of POOR SICK LITTLE CHILDREN.—The Secretary
thankfully ACKOWLEDGES kind CONTRIBUTIONS from Mrs.
Butt, J. W., R. O., C. H. The charitable assistance of those who
have means to help the sick and needy is earnestly solicited.
CHAS. J. F. RENTON, Secretary.
Royal Infirmary for Sick Children, 180, Waterloo-road, S.
KING's COLLEGE HOSPITAL.—The Committee
beg most thankfully to ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEPT, since
their last advertissement, of further SUMS, amounting to £161 15s.
This leaves £856 11s. 7d., which they earnestly desire to raise, in order
to free the Hospital from debt. It is urgently requested that addi¬
tional donations may be forwarded either to Messrs. Twining; to
J. W. Cunningham, Esq., King's College, London
March 4, 186
J. S. BLYTH, Secretary.
THE FRIEND of the CLERGY CORPORATION.
Committee beg to put the subscribers on their guard against
BEGGING LETTER IMPOSITIONS, and learnestly recommend a
reference to the offices of the Corporation in all cases of application.—
No. 4, St. Martin's-place, W.C.
LOST, a
ORTFOLIO, containing five
water¬
colour drawings:left in an omnibus, by a gentleman, who got out
at the corner of Orchard-street, Portman-square, between 10 and 11
o'clock on Monday night.
 29th.
to ngg it to

No. 31, Blandford-square, shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 23d of
che.
John's wood, a SANDY¬
COLOURED ENGLISH TERRIER DOG, with white mark on chest,
blue collar: answers to the nam o e
Vick." Whoever will bring the
same to 197, Adelaide-road, N.W., shall receive the above reward.
DOG LOST.—LOST, on Tuesday, March 1, a small
GRAY SKYE TERRIER BITCH, answering to
name of
boever will bring the same to 41, St. George's-road, Eccle¬
ston-square, Belgravia, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
DOG FOUND, in Putney, on Friday evening,
February 26—a handsome spaniel. If not claimed within 14
days from this date will be SOLD to defray expenses. Apply to J.
Robinson, stationer, Putney.
NEWFOUNDLAND DOG.—CAME ASTRAY,
the above  it has white chest, white paws. Any person claiming
the same, and giving satisfactory evidence of being its owner, may
have it by paying expenses of keep, for which purpose it will be SOLD
in eight days, if not previously claimed. Address Boy, Fortescue¬
house, Twickenham.—March 4th, 1864.
FIVE POUND
—r o Insura
AREWA
ce Clerks.

reward will be given for the PARTICULARS of a
POLEG

aiein in
in nn
ondon on the LIFE of WM.
MITCHENALL, described of 29, Brunswick-court, Artillery-street,
Bermondsey, or of 5, Carpenter-street, Berkeley-square w.

October last. Information to be given to Miss Mitchenall, the
administratrix, 28
court aforesaid.
Brunswie.
INFORMATION WANTED respecting WILLIAM
GOBLE, a native of Rolvenden, Kent, sailor on board a vessel
bound f. om Calcutta to the West Indies with 330 passengers. The ship
became disabled; the pumps were kept at work continnally for eight
wecks; on the 10th of December, 1858, she got on shore at St. Helena;
passengers were re-shipped. Any information of the above party,
dead or living, will greatly oblige his family.—B. G., 1, Kingsland¬
crescent, Kingsland-road, London.
CAUTION.—HARRIS's SPECTACLES.—THOMAS
HARRIS and SON CAUTIONthe public against persons using their
name. Their business, established 1780, is solely conducted at 52, Great
Russell-street, opposite the British Museum-gate, where only can be
had their celebrated spectacies, opera and deld glasses. No travellers.
CAUTION.—Chlorodyne.—In Chancery.—It was
clearly proved before Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P. Wood, by affi¬
davits from emninent hospital physicians of London, that Dr. J. Collis
Browne was the discoverer of chlorodyne; that they prescribe it
largely, and mean no other than Dr. Browne's.—See Times, Jan. 12,
1864. The public, therefore are, cautioned against using any other than
Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE's CHLORODYNE, which is extensively
used in hospitals at home and abroad, and is affirmed by medical tes¬
timonials accompanying each bottle to be the most efficacious medi¬
cine ever discovered for consumption, coughs, colds, asthma, bron¬
chitis, spasms, rheumatism, &c. No home should be without it. Sold
in bottles, 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. Sent free, on receipt of stamps, by J.
T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell-Street, London, W. C., sole manu¬
facturer. Observe particularly, none genuine without the words "Dr.
J. Collis Browne's Chlorodyne" on the Government stamp.
JUDGMENT.—Office of Mr. Caron, Attorney, 45,
rue Richelien, Paris.—COUNTERFEIT of TRADE MARKS.
A Judgment, confirmed by sentence of the Chamber of Appeals from
the Police-court, bearing

Napoleon, by
grace of God and by the national will Emperor of
the French, to all present and to come greetin

Pi a l of First In
tance of the Department of the Seine, sitting
at the Palace of Justice, at Paris, pronounced, in the public sitting of
the 6th Chamber of the said Tribun th e.
ollowing judgment:—
P.
tate iting for misdemeanours of Thursday, 3

for Bass and Co., of Burton on-Trent, England, brewers, represented
by Mr. Caron, attorney, 45, rue Richelien, plaintiffs,

mon
ved at their instance by Eusêce Cognet, junior, officer
the service of proces
for the Tribunal of First Instance of the Seine,
residing at Paris, 8

amons dated the 14th of
a 
July, 1863 , du .
tiest e re e
Again

enjamin), age 54, provis
te  dealer, of 265, rue St.

An  a
Dainst Michelez (Daniel Peter), age 35, printer,
6, rue
fasard-Richelien, defendants in the summons served

tioned and dated,
Appearing at the e ie.
and free, on the other part,
In the presence of

Attorney,
Charged with counterfeiting, which is
mideneano
aee
Articles 7, 13, and 14 of the Law passed on the 27th of

After the case was calle
on successively in the sittings of the 16th of

 1 May, and 10
h of July, 1863, on which days
it came on in time, the case was defintely adjourned toth

30th of July, 1863, where it
s proceeded and
tenced as follows:—
The civil
rty maintained the accusation
The wi nesses

se were examined
course
o f w le
swearing to tell the tte

—
whole truth, and to be neither related to nor
nhe ga eede in te e e
oe on

taite a mes are the following:—
First, Knight (Zebede Samuel), age 29, cellarman, residing at Paris,
Second, Rolima (Benjamin), age 43, a serving man, residing at Paris,

Mr. Caron, the attorney and representative of the civil party, pre¬
sented a demand in writing that the Court be pleased
To sentence MM. Harris and Michelez, jointly and severally, to be
enforced by arrest if necessary, to pay 25,000f, as damages to the civil
party.
To order the posting up of 300 copies of the judgment to be given,
and its insertion in 10 English and French newspapers, the whole at the
esee
To order the destruction of all the labels that were seized, or might be
scized for the future, and the destruction of the plates and instruments
used in the counterfeit.
To sentence Harris and Michelez to pay costs.
And justice will be done.
Mr. Da, barrister, pleaded for the civil party; he demanded 25,0007.
for
amages, the posting up and insertion in the newspapers of the

Pooin ,
Was the misdemeanour that the defendants are charged with suffi¬
ciently proved? In the affirmative, should the Court apply to the de¬
fendant Harris the penal clauses cited against him?
Should it grant the civil party the damages demanded?
Should it order the posting up and insertion of the judgment, as
manded by the civil parrty 
Should it sentence to arrest?
What should it order as to costs?
Upon which the President pronounced the following sentence:—
The Courts after deliberation, in course of law, doing right

Whereas, if he was wrong to accept with too much facility the order
for labels with Bass and Co.'s name, it is not sufficiently proved that
he intended to co-operate in the counterfeit of a trade mark;
Whereas, therefore, the accusation has no grounds, discharges
from
the prosecution without costs.
a to Harris:—
Where.
it.
ults from the judicial examination and trial that he¬
ordered of Michelez, in the year 1862, at Paris, through the medium of
Knight, 100,000 labels, being the very counterfoit of the labels Bass and
Co., brewers, at Burton (England), one of which was given him as a
pattern;
That these labels were delivered during the month of July, 1862;
that 18,000 of them were seized in premises belonging to Harris's esta¬
blishment;
That a certain portion of the same labels were found under the
counter and in the desk of Harris's warehouse
That Harris had some of them pasted to the bottles he was selling;
That, consequently, he was guilty of counterfelting, a misdemeanour
provided for and punished by Article 7 of the law of June, 1857,
and that it is proved to the Court that he used these counterfeits on 
large scale;
Whereas, in consequence of the above-declared misdemeanour, Bass¬
and Co. suffered a damage for which reparation is due to them.
Whereas the Court possesses at (present the information necessary
for determining its extent:
Considering, on, the other hand, Articles 13 and 14 of the above¬
mentinon law
Applying the above-mentioned article, which was read, and the
words of which are as follows: "Are liable to
 of 0f to 3,0004.,
and an imprisonment of from three months to three years, or to only
one of these penalties, those who have counterfeited a mark, or made
use of a counterfeited one; those who frandulently put on their goods
or articles of trade a mark belonging to another; those who have
knowingly sold, or caused to be sold, one or more articles with a mark
coupterfeited or fraudulently put on 
Sentences Harris to three months' imprisonment, to a fine of 500f.,
and to the costs assessed at—;
Sentences him also, by all lawful means, and this with arrest, to pay
Bass and Co., as damages, the
mof 5,000f. ; orders the confiscation
and destruction of the labels that were seized, or may be seized here¬
after, as well as of the plates used in counterfeiting;
Says that there are no grounds to grant the posting up of the present
indenent
But orders that the present judgments
be inserted at length in
seeesste



aris's costs; fixes at three years the duration of the arrest, if it
should take place.
Made and adjudged by MM. Rohault de Fleury, president; Vignon,
judge; Colin de Verdières, judge; Cressent, judge;
In the presence of Mr. Hemar, imperial attorney substitute, assisted
by Mr. Tourfant, registrar.
""We command all officers for the execution of the orders of justice,
when called on, to carry the present judgment into execution; all our
Attorneys-General and attorneys of the Tribunals of First Instance to
see to it; all commanders and officers of the public fores to give their
assistance when lawfully called on.
In faith and testimony whereof, the original of the present judgment
was signed by the president, judges, and registrar of the aforesaid
Chamber.
(Signed) ROHAULT DE FLEURY
Signed) VIGNON COLIN DE VERDIERES and CRESSENT.
(Signed) TOUREFEANT
In the margin of the original is mentioned the registering, the words
of which are as follows:—
Registered at Paris on the 19th e en
st 1863. Received 125 ren.
72 cents.
(Signed) DUBREUIL.
A true cony delivered by the undersigned registrar, on the 25th of
August, 1863.
(Signed)

Attorney of the Tribunal of First Instance.
Certifice conforme la traduction
esus comprena nt e ne

nous interprete jure prés la Cour Imperiale de Paris.—Paris, le
Fevrier, 1864.
J. BAISSAC.
(Pour copie conforme)
E. CARON, Avous à Paris, 45, rue Richelien.
AUDI, VIDE, TACE.—Private Inquiries in Eng¬
land and Abroad.—Evidence for Divorce Court.—City firms and
others are waited upon personally by Mr. POLLAKY (late of George¬
street, Mansion-house), or, if more agreeable, may consult with him at
No. 13, Paddington-green, W.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE OFFICE (established
1857), 5, Church-court, Clement's-lane, Lombard-street, E.C.—
Private, confidential, and important INQUIRIES conducted by
JOHN LEWIS, 17 years an officer in the City of London Police
Evidence collected for the Courts of Law (Civi
PRIVATE INQUIRY-OFFICE, established 1852,
under the direction of CHARLES FREDERICK FIELD (late
chief of the Metropolitan Detective Police). Inquiries made for noble¬
men, gentlemen, solicitors, railway and insurance companies, divorce
cases, &c.—20, Devereux-court.
LONDON SCOTTISH RIFLE VONS
INTEERS.
—Lieut.-Colonel, Lord ELCHO, M.P.—Scotsmon desirous of
loining this Corps can obtain every information
at Head Quarters,
e . e dele p i.
rrace, W. C., on
y Monday, Wednesday, and Friday,
from 6 to 8
and of the o o on.
ern District Recruiting Committee,
Myddelton-hall, Upper-street, Islington , The.
aays and Fridays, from


MEMORY. Polytechnic.-STOKES on MEMORY.
Hee
re To-morrow, March 8, at 12.45. A Men
Class,
for extemporaneous Speaking, Reporting Sermons, Lectures, &c.,
e t Notes, Histon.
Chroy
ogy, Languages, &c., at 3 o

another
.30. "Stokes on Memory," post free, 14 stamps.—309, Re¬
gent-street, W.
ANEW INVENTION, called "The RANTOONE,"
will soon be int.
tae the piilic
