VI—.I am troubled. "Sigh"—do net be hard.—G.?
POSTED to you, from W.—, in May, 1863, the
PORTRAIT you had taken for me, and which you sent me to
In my last letter, written May 15th, 1865, I asked you to keen
it for me most carefally; though I have never regretted the step I
then took, I still wish to see the portrait again, so prove yourself a
faithful steward, and SEND it to me, in full name, post office, Duke¬
street, Manchester-square.
IF NICHOLAS PHENE MILL, who left Oberlahn¬
stein, Germany, in 1853
ot re merica, and afterwards sailed in the
ship Roanoke for Boston, United States,

left that service 16th June, 1860, will APPLY to Mr. Apaley E. Briant,
solicitor, Winckester-house, Old Broad-street, London, he will hear of
something to his advantage. Any person who may be aware of his
death will be rewarded if he will comsaunicate the time and place of
death to the said Mr. Briant.
HOME for GENTLEWOMEN in REDUCED


COMMITTEE gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of a
DONATION of £50, in Hen of legacy, from Walter Cave, Esq., in ald
of the funds of the above Institution.
LOST, on Tuesday last, a BUNCH of FOUR KEYS,

take the .

shall be REWARDED.
LOST, Monday evening, August 31, either in the
stalls of the Queen's Theatre, Long-acre, or going to the brougham,
a CARBUNCLE EARRING set in gold, with a fly and small pendant
in diamonds. Any person who has found it and will take it to Mr.
Challis, of Webb's Hotel, Piccadilly, shall be handsomely RE¬

ONE GUINEA REWARD. —LOST, on Wednesday,
the26th ult.
m Eastwick Rectory, near Harlow, Essex, an OLD
enesssase
Richmond, Esq. To be taken to the Rectory: or 4, Phillimore-gardens,
Kensington.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday,
September 1st, at the Edgware-road Station, a PARCEL, con¬
taining two old probates and a solicitor's bill of costs. If the finder
will send his address to Mr. Errington, 88, High-Street, Marylebone,
he shall receive the above reward.

CAUTION.—The public are hereby cautioned
against RECEIVING or NEGOTIATING SCRIP CERTIFI¬
eseeergsges
each, of the EUROPEAN and NORTH AMERICAN RAILWAY
COMPANY, for extension from Saint John Westward. The certifi¬
cates are supposed to have been accidentally destroyed by their
owner. Notice is hereby given, that the said scrip is cancelled, and
that bonds will be issued for same at the expiration of three
months from the date hereof.—J. S.MORGAN and Co., 22, Old Broad¬
street, E.C., Londen, September 3, 1868.
NOTICE to TRADESMEN and others. —The under¬
signed Sir JOHN B. W. S. GARDINER, of Roche-court, near
Fareham, Hants, Baronet, hereby gives public notice that no one has
any authority to pledge his credit, nor to incur any debt or liability in

performance of any engagement, unless authorized by himself. —Dated
this 19th day of May, 1866. — John B. W. S. Gardiner.
CAPE COLONY and NATAL.—All parties desiring
INFORMATION on any subject relative to these colonies are
requested to apply, personally or by letter, to the Cape and Natal
Newspaper-office, 29, Bow-lane, Cannon-street, E.C.
PERSONS of the r. MES of COLEBROKE,
Dashwood, Dodwell, Drummond, Dyves, Feley, Lane, Lucy, Lyon,
Proctor, Saunders, Shaw, Skipwith, Slaughter, Sparke, Temple, West.
and Wren will find some valuable authentic information concerning
those families, which may be greatly to their advantage, in the 23d
number of RESEARCHES RESPECTING FAMILY HISTORY,
and Unclaimed Property. Just published, price 5s.; or sent free for
62 postage stamps. Address James H1. Fennell, 49, Millbank-street,
near the Houses of Parliament, London.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the payment of five dividends on the sum of £48, Long
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of CHARLOTTE MILLS,
of Cambridge, spinster, deceased, also five dividends on £34 15s., Long
Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of CHARLLTTE MILLS,
of Southampton, spinster, deceased, and AUGUSTINE SKOTTOWE,
of Portsmouth, gentleman, deceased, and which dividends were paid
over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in
consequence of the first thereof having remained unclaimed since the
5th April, 1858;—Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of
three months from this date, the said Dividends will be paid to Rev.
John Williams, clerk, and Rev. Charles Mills Skottowe, clerk, surviv¬
ing executors of Charlotte Mills, spinster, who was the survivor, who
have claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner ap¬
pear and make out his claim thereto.
THE GUN BARREL PROOF ACT, 1868.—Foreign
Proof Marks.—Notice is hereby given, that the Government of
His Majesty the King of Prussia has, in pursuance of the provi¬
ons of the Gun Barrel Proof Act. 1868, duly REGISTERED the
PRUSSIAN PROOF MARK for BARRELS of SMALL ARMS at the
Proof-house of the Gunmakers' Company of London, and that the
Register of Foreign Proof Marks belonging to that Company is open
for public inspection without charge, at all reasonable times, at the
Proof-house of the said Gunmakers' Company, situate in Church-lane,
Whitechapel. —Dated this 1st day of September, 1869.
GEORGE RUTHERFORD, Clerk of the Gunmakers'

SOUTHWARK-BRIDGE TRANSFER ACT,
1865.—Whereas divers registered proprietors of shares in the
Southwark-bridge Campany and other persons claiming to be entitled,
either as the legal personal representatives of such registered proprie¬
tors or otherwise, to participate in the purchase-money to be divided
under the above mentioned Act, are unable to produce their scrip cer¬
tificates of shares as evidence of their proprietorship, or to prove how
they have lost or parted with the same, this is to give notice to all per¬
sons holding SCRIP CERTIFICATES of SHARES in the SOUTH¬
WARK-BRIDGE COMPANY to PRESENT the same, before the
1st of Nowmber next, at the Company's office, at 10, Queen-street-¬
place, London, or to give notice in writing before that day to the
Secretary of their having such scrip in their possession, and of their
claims (if any) in respect thereof, otherwise payment will be made to
the persons appearing on the books of the Company to be the ragis¬
tered proprietors of shares, or their legal personal representatives.
—Dated 31st August 1868.
W. L. HUNT, Secretary.
Southwark-bridge office, 10, Queen-Street-place, E.C.,
August 31st. 1863.
PETROLEUM ACTS, 1862 and 1868.—The Metro¬
politan Board of Works hereby give notice, that an Act has just
ed to Amend the Act 25th and 26th Victoria, chapter 66 (1862), for
the SAFE-KEEPING of PETROLEUM. Among other things it is
provided—from and after the 1st day of February, 1869, the 3d section
of the Petroleum Act, 1862, shall be repealed, and that from that date
there may be annexed to any license to be granted such conditions as
to the mode of storage, as to the nature of the goods with which pe¬
troleum may be stored, as to the testing such petroleum from time to
time, and generally as to the safe keeping of petroleum, as may seem
expedient to the local authority. Any petroleum kept in contraven¬
tion of this section shall be forfeited, and, in addition thereto, the
occupier of the place in which such petroleum is kept shall be liable
to a penalty not exceeding £20 a day for each day during which pe¬
troleum is kept in contravention of the Petroleum Acts 1862 and 1868,
or either of such Acts.
In the same Act there is a prohibition of sale of petroleum for pur¬
bose of illumination giving off an inflammable vapour at a temperature
of less than 100 degrees of Fahrenheit; and the temperature at
which petroleum gives off an inflammable vapour shall for the purposes
of the Petroleum Acts be tested in manner set forth in the schedule
to the Act.
And the Board hereby gives further notice, that all licenses for the
ensuing year must be applied for as regards the Metropolitan Board
of Works, before the 31st day of December, 1868.
Any further information may be obtained at this office between the
hours of 9 and 4 o'clock.
yoe o e
JOHN POLLARD, Clerk of the Board.

S.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 244. —St. Pancras, Mid¬
dlesex.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria,
chap. 53.—Notice is hereby given, that on the application of the
CITY of LONDON BREWERY COMPANY (Limited) the Registrar
intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the date
hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDI¬
TAMENTS, in the parish of St. Pancras, in the county of Middlesex
containing la. 3r. 12p, or thereabout, in the tenures or occupations of
John Cornish, Thomas Harris Lewis, Ellen Adams, Mary Camp, Wil¬
liam Henry Horwood, Frederick Cherry, Mary Ann Savage, Thomas
Rowland Berrill, Charles Hugh Hindley, and Frederick Hindley, Ed¬
ward Groves, William Augustus Davis, George Chandler, Alfred
Davies, Robert Plumpton, Richard Thomas and James Kitching, com¬
prising the Chalk Farm Tavern, formerly the Hare and Hounds, in the
Regent's-park-road, the messuages numbered 77, 79, 81, 83, 85, and 87,
in the same road, and land adjoining and behind the same ; a piece of
ground and buildings thereon to the north-east of the Chalk Farm
Tavern, and separated therefrom by a road ruuning out of the Re¬
gent's-park-road; a piece of ground and buildings thereon opposite
the before mentioned property, and separated therefrom by the Re¬
gent's-park-road, and otherwise bounded by Berkeley-road and Shar¬
ples-hall-street, and also comprising the Engineer public-house, situate
at the junction of the Gloncester-road and Princes-terrace, all which
said hereditaments are delineated on the map No. 244, deposited in
the Office of Land Registry, as part of the description of the same
hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with the mines
and minerals under the same. If any person objects to, or desire to show
cause against, such segistration, or claims that the same should besubject
to any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or incum¬
braince, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before the
Registrar, should be entered on the register, such person may be heard
at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time
before the expiration of the said three months, personally or by his
solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objec¬
tion to, or to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect of
such registration. But any person desiring to make such objection or
claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof,
and with his name and address thereto, in the said office before the
expiration of the said three months, otherwise he will be excluded from
making the same. The aforesaid map may be inspected at the said
office at any time befere the expiration of the said three months.—
Dated this 4th day of September, 1868.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
WESTERN
d SON, Solicitors to
Applicants.
BUN E N E
WRES GOVER.
MENT CERTIFI¬
CATE.—Transiation.—We, the undersigned, at the requ
of
lessrs. Jas. C. Thompson
oeonoodd
certify that the IRON SAFES of
lessrs. CHUBB o.
S o need
of which these gentlemen are
agents, were exposed for several
ours to the fire that tooe
tai e in
he offices
the National Governn.
toe  on the evening of the 26th
instant.
th t t in our presence they were eae
opened with the
re¬

the moneys and imp
tae o cuments
toy con¬
tained were fo

and that these safes are now in

(Signed) J. M. DRAGO (Treasurer of the National

JOSE TOMAS ROJO.
UAN M. ALVAREZ.
A tr e Coo.
—A. M  .
Buenos Ayres, July 31, 1867.
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Queer
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONLY
ADDRESS is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street. W.
CAUTION.—FOREIGN VINEYARD ASSOCIA¬
TION (Limited), Joint-Stock Wine Company, established 1854.—
Letters being frequently misdirected, notice is given that the only
address is 200, Regent-st., W., and sole Manager, W. H. PALMER, Esq.
CAUTION.—BETTS's CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of capsules made in contraven¬
tion of his rights, which necessarily are numerous, Betts being the
criginal inventor and sole maker in the United Kingdom.—1, Wharf¬
road, City-road, London; and Bordeaux, France.—April 8, 1868.
CAUTION.—The CISTERN and other FILTERS,
officially adopted by Government for the Abyssinian army, the
iron-plated ships, barracks, military stores, &c., and so highly spoken
of by Dr. Frankland during the late visitation of cholera (See The
Times, Oct. 24th, 1866), can only be obtained at ATKINS, 62, Fleet-St.
CAUTION—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted lenses should apply only direct to them, at
No. 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, opposite Crawley's Hotel.
CAUTION.-REGISTERING THERMOMETER.
—NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA's PATENT SELF-REGISTERING
THERMOMETERS, which have received prizes in London and Paris,
and are in use at all the principal obcervatories, are only to be had at
Messrs. Negrotti and Zambra's establishments. The public are CAU¬
TIONED against imitations and persons representing themselves to
be N. and Z.'s agents or travellers.—Negretti and Zambra, Hatton-¬
garden, Cornhill, Regent-street, Fleet-street, and Crystal Palace.
CAUTION.—Enamelled Iron.—It having come to
the knowledge of Messrs. WILLING and Co., of 70, St. Martin's¬
lane, Charing-cross, sole agents of the PATENT ENAMELLED
IRON, the materials and colours of which are everlasting, that divers
persons are vending an article which they call enamelled iron, but
which is a very inferior production, that rapidly fades, the public and
trade are hereby CAUTIONED against such productions. Messrs.
Willing and Co. being the 'sole agents of the patent, are prepared to
take stringent measures to punish all persons pirating such patent.
Communications to be addressed to Messrs. Lewis and Lewis, 10, Ely¬
place, Holborn, London.
MISREPRESENTATION.—The TEN GUINEA
SUITES, in 18 carat gold, machine made, as advertised, are only
e er e ae
7, Conduit-stre.
Bond-street. Mr. STREETER
fin d s ene

tets a r y  to
 announcement,
sets of ornaments,
stated to be of his manufacture and of 18 carat gold, are now being

to the public, whereas, et,
oe i  re ae lity
 a much inferior
quality, e eure.
teit ese especially in the provi
se e erefore can¬
tioned to e e
toe of the gold stated on their invoice.—
MANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co.
ow Edwin W


doors
eet.
omBnd-street.
CAB STRIKE.—The GROSVENOR HOTEL,
Victoria Station, Pimlico, S.W.—Visitors are respectfully informed
that as this hotel has direct communication with the railway platform,
cabs can always be hired when required,
