C. E.E. is desired to WRITE his cousin C. A. E., to
arrange interview respecting late affairs.
OCTOBER 5.—It is seven weeks ago, so most likely
you have forgotten all about it. If not. I wonder if you will
inderstand this? I did not tell them and I am sorry, and if you with
I will see you again.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transter from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬

National Debt of the sum of £59 15s. 8d. Consolidated £
Cent.
seeesereseoaness
name of EDWARD
VANSITTART NEALE, of West Wickham, Kent, Esquire, and
which was transferred to the said coo  i oel
to tei in consequence of


tnon having remained unclain
January, 1863;—Notice is hereby given that on the expiration of three
months from this date, (the Z2nd Nov., 1879), the said Stock will be
Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to Edward Vansittart
Neale, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfes from the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt of the sum of £37 6s 7d. Consolidated £3 pen¬
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of the QUAR¬
DIANS of the POOR of SEDBERGH UNION, Vorkshire, and which
was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequenct of the
dividends thereor having remained unclaimed since the 5th January.
1857; Notice is hereby given that on the expiration of three months
from this date (22d November, 18781, the said Stock will be Trans¬
ferrad, and the Dividends thereon paid to the Guardians of the Poor
of Sedbargh Union, who have claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall.
pear and make out
onera
claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclai
vidend.—
Ht e 

toication having been made.
the Gorerno o o
the Bank of
ss

a n the sum of

3 per cent. Annuities, heret.
ba e standing in the n es


ouse, Gravesend,
s
lajo
tin the Royal Enginee.

LON.
c
Great Winchester-street, Lon.
nuire: and EDWARD R
Pn.

BUTS I

an London, Esquire, and which Dividend
a
over to the Commissioners for the Redue.
toh e




October, 1866
hre
Notice is hereby given that, on the expir e.
on

1oer


be paid to Stafford Bourdilion, who
claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner
a n ake out his claim
ppear a
thereto.
RSUANT, to a Judgment of the Chancery Div
D
sion of the High Court of Justice, made in the
ater of the
Lestate of the late Reveren
tion.
ROBERT FINCH, and in an
bbis.


s
HEIR-AT-LAW of ROBERT FINCH, formerly of Balliol College,
Oxford, and after
oe in holy

a f the
tu si an Palaee


tea h f the said Robert Finch,
wh
occurred at Rome on the 16th September, 1830 or to be entitled

te t t e e o t h er w ise to the re e

Nan y,
te.
Robert Finch as

Dolicitors,


fore the 22nd day of January,

their c a s e


ton e incoln's-inn, Middlesex, or
tie e of they
ile p oeit
tesef

indn

excluded.
fi t n.
Wednesday, the 5th February 1879,

the said chambers, 1s 2.
pointed for hearing and a
annponn
da oninon


mber

 Chief Clerk.
OR S TD
teinn-fiele

titon.
Plaintif's So.
TOWELL and ELLIS" In the High Court of
Justice Chancery Division Re TRUSTS

by the  e e en

Whereas
tiesaid
tinab
 Goddard late of East Dercham in the
2.
to of Norfolk wid ow w ho die ene

he 3
by her said iill de a.

her residuary Estate.
ao oed hereas the several persons resec t ive
named in the Schedule hereto are some of
 R ESIDUARY
LEGATEES named and described in th ie
Will and if they o 
either of them wered living at
he date last aforesaid and are now
living are each entitle
aa
said sum Pursuant to an Order.
aoe in th e een
persons

respecti


them being dead and died since the 31st day of January 1834 then the
legal personal representative of such of them as have so died are by
their Solicitors on or before the 18th day of December 1878 to come
in and prove their claims at the Chambers of the Vice Chancellor Sir
Charles Hall Chancery Lane Middlesex or in default there of they will
be peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the said Order Tues¬
day the 14th day of January 1879 at 12 o'clock at noon at the said
Chambers is appointed for heariox and adjudicating upon the claims
Dated this 16 day of November 1878 H. F. CHURCH Chief Clerk
E BOYLE  SONS 26 Carey Street Lincolns Inn Agents
for Messrs. Chittock & Woods of Norwich

Name of Residuary Lekatee; Address ordescription as in Will
Birabeth the Wie of fdvard! (Klags Lyon in the County of
Towell.
Norfolk Merchant

Old Broad Street London En¬
Thomas Ellis0 
graver
Ann Ellis	Late of Plymouth Spinster
The Widow of Testratrix's late
Susanna Ellis 0 0
deceased Brother Thomas Ellis
CITY of GLASGOW BANK.—Intimation is Hereby
Given, tht ARCHIBALD RUSSELL,  Coalmaster 68, Great
Clyde Street, Glasgow; ROBERT YOUNG Shipbroker, 107, Buchanan
Street, Glasgow; Rev. FREDERIC LOCKHART ROBERTSON,
204, Bath Street, Glasgow; GEORGE WILSON CLARK, Corn
Factor, Glassow; JOHN WILSON, Gorbals Tube-Works, Buchan
Street, Glasgow; and JOHN BLACKLEY, Balornock House, Spring¬
burn, Glasgow, have, as Contributories of the City of Glasgow Bank,
registered and incorporated under the Companies Act, 1862, presented
a PETITION to the Court of Session in Scotland (First Division, Mr.
Macritchie, Clerk), praying that the voluntary winding-up of the
said Bank should continue, but subject to such supervision of the
Court; and with such liberty for Creditors, Contributories, or others,
and generally upon such-terms and subject to such conditions as the
Court thinks just, all as provided by the Companies' Act, 1862; and.
further, to make such orders and to give such directions as are autho¬
rised by the Companies' Acts, 1862 and 1867, in so far as may be neces¬
sary or expedient for facilitating the continuance of the said voluntary
winding-up, always subject to said supervision. On which Petition
eLords of the First Division have pronounced the following IN¬
TERLOCUTOR:
Edinburgh, 20th November, 1878.—The Lords appoint this peti¬
tion to be intimated on the Walls and in the Minute Book for Four
days, and to be advertised once in each of the Edinburgh and London
Gazettes, and onge in each of the Edinburgh Scotsman, the Edinburgh
Cqurant, the Glasgow Herald, the Glasgow News, and the London
Times Newspapers, and appoint all persons having interest to ledge
Answers to said Petition, if so advised, by Monday First, the Twenty¬
fifth day of November current. (Signed) John Inglis, I. P. D.
Petitioners' Agents—DAVIDSON A SYME, W.S.,

FINANCIAL OFFICER.—The advertiser, under the
initials S. L., who recently inserted an advertisement with the
v heading desires to intimate to the divers candidates that a
SELECTION has now been MA L
E.
CHELSEA HOSPITAL for WOMEN, King's-road,
S.W.—The Committee very thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE
£10 10s. from John W. Ede, Es
towards the £2,200 still needed for
building the new Hospital.—J. S. WOOD, Secretary.
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand, W. C.
—The Treasurers thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT
of £120 from the Trustees of the Craven Charity.—HENRY WOOL¬
COTT, Sec.
NEWPORT-MARKET REFUGE and INDUS¬
TRIAL SCHOOL, Soho. W.C.—The Committee ACKNOW¬
LEDGE, with best thanks, the following DONATIONS on behalf of
the School Enlargement Fund.:—The Marchioness of Westminster
£25; W. Jones Loyd, Esq., £25.—By order.—W. BAYNE RANKEN,

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in a CAB, be¬
tween Waterloo and Gloucester-place, a BROWN SILK UM¬
BRELLA, cane, handle, topped with blue ball of agate and inscrin.
tion "Please play up." Above reward shall be paid by Mr. Egan, 11,
Philpot-lane, Eastche.
ONE POUND REWARD.—To Cabmen or others.
LOST, on Monday evening, 18th inst., a MOSAIC EARRING,
representing a swan, probably in a four-wheel cab, between 42, West¬
bourne-park, or 21 Queen's-gate-terrace, or in returning; or might
have been dropped in getting out. Finder will receive the above
reward if returned to 42, Westbourne-park.
LOST, from 8, Stanhope-piace, Hyde-park, W., on
the evening of the 19th inst., a SMALL DARK BLUE SKYE
TERRIER, with a small white beard, answering to the name of Gap.
The finder shall be REWARDED.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—If the COLLIE DOG,
with white points, LOST on King's-road, Brighton, last Sunday
evening, be taken immediately to 122, King's-road, Brighton, or ro
H. S. Thornton, Battersea-rise, Clapham-common, the above reward
will be paid, but nothing more offered.

CHARITY COMMISSION.—In the Matter of the
UPPINGHAM SCHOOL, founded by Archdeacon Johnson, in
tke parish of Uppingham, in the county of Rutland, and in the
Matter of the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1869.—By direction of
the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, notice
is hereby given, that an ORDER is proposed to be made by them.
after the expiration of one calendar month, to be computed from the
first publication of this notice, giving directions, by way of scheme.

ration of the above-mentioned
Charity, established under the Endowed Schools Acts on the 13th day
of May, 1875.
It is proposed that such Order shall direct that for Clause num¬
bered 131 in the said subsisting scheme there shall be subs-ituted a
clause in the following term.
All boys, except as herein otherwise provided, shall pay such en¬
trance and tultion fees as the Trustees shall fix from time to time,
provided that no entrance fee shall exceed £5, and that no tuition
fee in the case of day boys, or boys at present in the school, be less
than £20 or more than. £30 a year, and in the case of boarders not
less than £20 or more than £40 a year. The payments for boarders
shall be fixed from time to time, as occasion may require, by the Head
Master, subject, however, to the approval of the Trustees. The en¬
trance fees for boarders shall be at the same scale as for day scholars,
and in respect of such fees, and also except as hereinbefore provided
in respect of tuition fees, no preference shall be given to any scholar
on account of his place of birth or residence.
No extras of any kind shall be allowed without the sanction of the
Trustees and written consent on behalf of the scholar so concerned.
The Trustees may reserve out of the increased fees for tuition and
boarding authorised hereby a fund for the liquidation of any debts
due from the Trust, and, after such debts are duly discharged, for the
ultimate purpose of improving and increasing the property of the

Any objections to the proposed Order, or suggestions for its modifi¬
cation, may be transmitted in writing to the Secretary of the said
Commissioners, Whitehall, London, S.W., within 21 days next after
the first publication of this notice. —Dated this 16th day of November,
1878.
(Signed). HENRY M. VANE. Secretary.
CROYDON STEEPLECHASES, Hunters' Races,
and Hurdle Races, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, Novem¬
ber 26th. 27th, and 28th.
Charges of (Admission.—Racecourse, each day, 1s.; Grand Stand,
each day, 7s. 6d.; Paddock, each day, 7s. 6d.; weekly tickets, for the
Course and Grand Stand only, £1; weekly tickets, for the Course and
Paddock only, £1; Stewards' Reserved Enclosure (including pad¬
ok), after having obtained Grand Stand Ticket. 7s. 6d.
Weishers and known had characters will be expelled from the Grand
Stand and Enclosures, and forfeit their admission money. A special
staff has been engaged for this purpose. Racing, will commence each
day about 12.30.
SKATING FETE by ELECTRIC LIGHT, South
Kensington Skating Grounds (open and covered),
turday evening, Nov. 30, at 7.30. Admission:
CARTERS ROYAL METROPOLITAN ROOT
SHOW will be held at the Agricultural-hall, Islington, on Satur¬
day, Nov. 23d.
CARTERS GREAT ROOT SHOW.—500 guineas in
prizes are offered at this and other meetings by Messrs. Carter
for competition among their customers.
CARTERS GREAT ROOT SHOW, one of the finest
collections of agricultural and horticultural produce ever exhi¬
bit
d.
CARTENS GREAT ROOT SHOW.—Tickets of
admission can be obtained by Messrs. Carters customers on ap¬
plication to e t
seen, High.

Baieens S
don.
FREE TRADE In SI E
PLATE.—Notice.—The
taxation of silver plate by means of an excise,
ae te tee stil
more objectionable system of compulsory hall-marking, by which
trade is hindered, and art progress and the technic al edueat
toef the
silversmith are seriously impeded, has beer
ndemed by statesmen,

aconomists, politicia n s e
cie e o oe n
te end notably
by the Press of the United Kingdom. A vigorous effort will be ma¬
in the next Session of Parliament to secure for the silver


free-trade, commercial basis. Full particulars relating to the
ject may be obtained from Edward J. Wathers
st

east, London.
MPORTANT NOTICE.—SWEARS and WELLS
esec
tai ye e


oad,
at
ge quantity of letters secreted
on their premises, the majority of th m e be
answers to inquiries


tomers, and having reason to be
lieve that more have been destroy.
and the postage stamps in every
noestly approp r i e e te
hasten to make this public an¬
caene r edi
te o h r emove fr


numerous customers who have been inconveniened b y this
toward
urable impression that the correspondence arrange¬

a e ae ne tinigin c dnducted The Lilliputian

nent of
Warehouse, 192, Regent-street, London, W. Paris Exhib.

and 1878. Prize medalists.
POLLAKYS PRIVATE DETECTIVE OFFICE.
dress 13, Paddington-green.
R. WENDEL SCHERER, Private and Confiden¬
tial Inquiry Agent, can now be daily CONSULTED. 24 years'
berience in England and the Continent.—11, Blomfield-terrace,
Paddington.
RTHUR CLEVELAND MONTAGU and Co.,

gh-chambers, 49, Pall¬
mall. S.W. Mr. Montagu, may be CONSULTED daily, between 10
and 5 o'clock, on Saturdays till 2, on home and foreign cases. 20 years'
lesal experience, Letters and telegrams promptly attended to.
