HO CLEOPATRA.—ANTHONY RECEIVED the
LETTER Cleopatra wrote to him on her return from Egypt, and
sent a reply a few days after addressed as she desired. He has been
hoping to hear again.
ADDRESS WANTED.—Miss VESEY DONCAS¬
TER, an invalid lady, who visited Weymouth five years since.
Any person FORWARDING her present ADDRESS to Mr. Archer,
the Royal library, Weymouth, shall be REWARDED for the trouble.
NOTICE.—If the GENTLEMAN who visited seve¬
ral parishes in Monmouthshire in 1851 and January, 1859, in
SEARCH of JAMES GEORGE or JAMES JONES, of the parish of
Ba.
egMonmouth, or the FAMILY of the DANIELS, will apply
to J. B. Rees, Llandaff, he will be directed where they are to be found
LOST, the night of Wednesday, 20th ult., between
Clevedon and Bristol or at Bristol Station, a GOLD LOCKET,
containing likeness. Whoever will give informe
eocove

the same uninjured shall receive ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD.
Apply to W. H. R., 1, St. James's-square, S.W.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LEFT in a Hanson's
cab, on the 6th September, TWO CHEQUE BOOKS, packed up
in a parcel. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Phipps, 16, Cornhill,
shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
evening, September 5, between 9 and 10 o'clock, a BLACK BOX,
addressed "Mrs. Tracey, Passenger, London." Supposed dropped
from a carriage between London-bridge and Upper Harley-street. Con¬
tents of no value to any one but the owner. Whoever has found the
above, upon delivering it at 44, Upper Harley-street, Cavendish-square,
shall receive the reward of £2. No further reward will be offered.
DOG FOUND (left at a house near the Bank of
England), on the 9th inst., a large BLACK DG, of the retriever
breed. The owner can have him by giving full description and paying
expenses. Address B. C., 17, Royal Exchange, E.C.
FOLLOWED a GENTLEMAN, near Hyde-park,
a large BLACK DOG. Whoever has lost the same can have it
sessesseses

Mr. Kibble jeweller, Knightsbridge. If not claimed within a few days
will be SOLD to pay expenses.
NOTICE.—TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—To
the Clergy Parish Clerks, and others. Whoever will PRODUCE
the MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE of JOHN BLUNDELL, late
Horley, Surrey (supposed to have been married between the dates of 1695
or 1704), shall receive the above reward at Mrs. Saxby Palmer's, Ford¬
comb-green, near Tunbridge-wells; or Mr. C. Pratt, 27, St. Ann's¬
street, Westminster.
NEXT of KIN of the late JOHN TEAGLE, of
THOMAS TEAGLE, claim¬
the East India Compn.
ing as above, desires COMMUNICATION with the executors or other
representative of the deceased. Persons resident in Didmarton and
Seagry, Wilts, of the same family, or others, having information re¬
lating to the deceased and his property, are requested immediately to
apply by letter to R. M. and F. Lowe, 2, Tanfield-court, Temple,
London, E.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Dividend.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of £2,222 6s. 6d.
£3 5s. per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
ABRAHAM BROWN, of Kent-Street, Southwark, bellows-maker,
and JAMES BROWN, of Coulsden, Surrey, farmer, and which divi¬
dend was paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the
National Debt, in consequence of its having remained unclaimed since
the 5th of April, 1851; Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration
of three months from this date, the said Dividend will be paid to
the said Abraham Brown and James Brown, who have claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his claim thereto.
DENT's CHRONOMETERS, Watches, and Clocks.
—Caution.—Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery, on the 11th
of July 1861, granted a perpetual INJUNCIION, restraining Henry
William Turpin, George Hathaway Turpin, and Adolphe Mosenthal
respectively, from manufacturing any watches marked with the name
of "Dent," and from selling or exporting, or causing to be sold or ex¬
ported for sale, any watches made and marked with the name of
"Dent" by them or by their order or direction. Manufacturers and
others are hereby cautioned against using the name or trade mark of
Den
TUCKER and NEW, 25, Clement's-lane, city, Solicitors for M. F.
Dent, 33 and 34, Cockspur-Street, Charing-cross, London.
CRYSTAL PALACE.—ARRANGEMENTS for
WEEK ending Saturday, September 21st.
Monday.—All the usual attractions.
Tuesday.—Blondin's 23d Ascent. Mr. Strange's Benefit. Fesityal.
Special attractions in the Palace and grounds.
Wednesday.—Great performance of the Metropolitan School Choral
Society. Conductor, Mr. G. W. Martin.
Thursday and Friday.—All the usual attractions.
Saturday.—Blondin's 24th Ascent.
Open on Monday and Tuesday at 9, other days at 10. Admission,
Saturday half-a-crown, children 1s; other days 1s., children 6d.
Orchestral band and great organ performances, machinery in motion,
segensemea
Large collection of drawings from the Queen's pictures, on exhibi¬

The scarlet and other geraniums, calceolarias, petunias, dwarf nas
turtiums, and other flowers in the rosery, and in the ornamental beds
of the terraces and the marble vases are now in full bloom.
Sunday.—Open at 1,30 to shareholders, gratuitously, by tickets
Notice.—Half-a-guinea Season Tickets, available till April 30, 1862,
may now be had at the Crystal Palace; 2, Exeter-hall; and the usual

CRYSTAL PALACE.—BLONDIN will make two
ascents over the fountains this week—To-morrow (Tuesday), 17th,
and Saturday, 21st of September. To exhibit his wondrous and daring
feats, three enormous masts have been erected on the terrace, over
which has been strained the rope, made expressly for this purpose,
above 2,000 feet in length. It has recently been raised many feet
higher in the centre, and approaches more nearly a straight line than
any rope of equal length ever before stretched. The fountains will be
played during the performance. The Band of the Coldstream Guards
will attend each day, and perform in the Palace in the afternoon, and
on the Terrace during Blondin's exhibition. The slopes and terraces
at the Crystal Palace afford ample accommodation for any possible
number of visitors, but to provide for the accommodation of those
who prefer it, a few reserved seats are set apart in the Queen's box
corridor (from which M. Blondin takes his departure), at 5s. each, or
in the other open corridors at 2s. 6d. each. Frequent trains will run
from London-bridge, Victoria, and intermediate stations; but, as M.
Blondin's performance takes place exactly at the times announced,
visitors by railway, to prevent disappointment and crowding, will do
well to avail themselves of trains somewhat early in the day. Admis¬
sion (including all the attractions of the Palace) Tuesday, 1s.; Satur¬
day, 2s. 6d. ; children and schools half-price. Season tickets free.
CRYSTAL PALACE. —Mr. F.STRANGE's GREAT
LANNUAL BENEFIT FESTIVAL, To-morrow, 17th September.
1861. The most attractive shilling fete of the year. For the conveni¬
ence of parties arriving by the early country trains the Palace will be
opened at 9 o'clock.
CRYSTAL PALACE.—STRANGE's SHILLING
FESTIVAL, To-morrow.—Arrangements.—I1 o'clock, Organ
Performance, Mr. W. J. Westbrook. 12 o'clock, Coldstream Guards
Band. Half-past 1 o'clock, Pianofort Performance, Mr. Sidney Smith;
the Greenhead Family. 2 o'clock, the London Glee and Madrigal
Union, with the Orchestral Band of the Company. Half-past 3 o'clock,
Display of the Great Fountains. 4 o'clock, Blondin. 5 o'clock,
Orchestral Band. Quarter-past 5 o'clock, Mackney. Half-past 6
o'clock, Organ Performance, Mr. Coward. The out-door sports will
include archery, boating, cricket, carousals or German Roundabouts,
invigorators or patent safety swings, gymnasium with swings, giant¬
mes
public. Bands for dancing will be provided near the cedars. N.B.
The Billard Tables have been removed from the Tower to the new
Smoking Room at the South-end of the Palace. The Ante Rooms by
the Saloon Dining Room have been set apart as a special place of
meeting for excursionists and their metropolitan friends.
CRYSTAL PALACE.—STRANGE's SHILLING
FESTIVAL, To-morrow.—The band of the Coldstream
Guards, under the direction of the Veteran Godfrey, will perform (by
pormission of Colonel Percival) at intervals during the day.
CRYSTAL PALACE.—STRANGE's SHILLING
FESTIVAL, To-morrow.—The London Glee and Madrigal
Union—Miss J. Wells Miss Eyles, Mr. Baxter, Mr. W. Cummings,
Mr. Land, and Mr. Lawler (under the direction of Mr. Land), will
perform a selection of the popular compositions of Sir H. Bishop, ac¬
companied by the band of the Crystal Palace Company. Programme:—
1. Overture, Guy Mannering: 2. Quintett, Now by Day's Retiring
Lamp—the London Glee and Madrigal Union; 3. Duet, As It Fell
Upon a Day -Miss J. Wells and Miss Eyles; 4. Song, O Firm as Oak
—Mr. Lawler; 5. Glee, Blow, Gentle Gales—The London Glee and
Madrigal Union; 6. Song, Lol Here the Gentle Lark—Miss J. Wells;
Flute obbligato, Mr. Wells; 7. Round, Hark l 'tis the Indian Drum—
The London Glee and Madrigal Union; 8. Recitative and Air, the
Pilgrim of Love—Mr. W. H. Cummings; 9. Song, Sons of Freedom—
Miss Eyles; 10. Glee, the Chough and Crow—The London Glee and
Madrigal Union; 11. Overture, As You Like It.
MYSTAL PALACE.—STRANGE's SHILLING
IESTIVAL, To-morrow.—The whole series of Great Foun¬
tains and Waterworks will be displayed at half-past 3.
CRYSTAL PALACE.—Blondin at Strange's Shil¬
ling Festival, To-morrow.—M. BLONDIN will (by special
desire) REPEAT his EXTRAORDINARY CHAIR FEATS, which
must be seen to be believed. Taking a common four-legged chair on
to the high rope 160 feet from the ground, he sits, stands, and lounges
thereon, balancing the chair on one or two legs and shifting it in every
direction while sitting on its seat or back. He will also run at full speed
from the centre to the southern mast, merely pausing to rest himself
by turning a few somersaults and standing on his head. He will re¬
turn to the centre (a distance of over 200 yards) with his eyes bandaged
and his head and body enveloped in a thick sack. In this quaint cos¬
tume he will prove the impossibility of falling from the rope, and again
rest himself by throwing a few somersaults. After divesting him¬
self of the sack he will proceed towards the northern mast to fetch his
chair, staying for a short time to hang from the rope by one or both
legs, and to give a practical illustration of the use of a slack rope sus¬
pended from the main rope. Returning to the centre the astounding
chair feat will conclude the performance. Open at 9. Blondin at 4.
Admission 1s.
CRYSTAL PALACE.—STRANGE's SHILLING
FESTIVAL, To-morrow.—The Orchestral Band of the Com¬
pany will perform selections of classical, operatic, and dance music
during the day.
CRYSTAL PALACE.—STRANGE's SHILLING
FESTIVAL, To-morrow.—The inimitable Mackney has kindly
undertaken to keep his audience in roars of laughter for half an hour.
CRYSTAL PALACE.—STRANGE's SHILLING
FESTIVAL, To-morrow.—EXCURSION TRAINS will run
from almost all stations on the London and Brighton, Chatham
and Dover, South-Eastern, and South-Western Railways. Mr. Strange
has set apart the ante rooms by the saloon dining room as a place of
meeting for excursionists and their metropolitan friends. These rooms
will be open at 9 o'clock.
CRYSTAL PALACE.—STRANGE's SHILLING
FESTIVAL, To-morrow.—The doors will be opened at nine
o'clock, and the amusements continued without interrruption until
dusk. Admission, 1s.; children, 6d.
CRYSTAL PALACE.—REFRESHMENT DE¬
PARTMENT.—Arrangements for To-morrow, September 17th,
1861.—South Wing Dining Room.—Cold meat, veal and ham pies,
salads, bread and cheese, including attendance, 1s. 8d. cold chickens,
hams, tongues, yeal and ham pies, salads, bread and cheese, including
attendance, 2s. 8d. Saloon Dining Rooms,—Hot joints, vegetables,
bread and cheese, including attendance 2s. 2d. The First-class Dining
Rooms, situate in the South Wing of the building.—Hot dinners will
be served from 3s. 6d. In the Private Dining Rooms.—Hot dinners to
order as per bill of fare. The Terrace Dining Room will be opened on
this occasion for the supply of the 1s, tea. Light Refreshments will be
served at the various counters in the building as usual. No charge for
attendance. The whole of the Third-class Rooms will be opened on
this day for the supply of refreshments at the most moderate prices.—
Plate of meat, 6d.; bread, 1d.; cheese, 2d.; porter (per quart), 4d. ;
ale (per quart), 6d. ; cup of tea, 3d.; roll and butter, 2d.; lemonade,
soda water, and gingerade (per bottle), 3d.—F. STRANGE, Purveyor.
CRYSTAL PALACE.—Metropolitan School Choral
Society, established 1858, for the Promotion of Musical Education
in the Schools of the Metropolis and its vicinity.—A GRAND CHORAL
FESTIVAL will take place at the Crystal Palace, on Wednesday,
September 18, 1861, commencing at 3 o'clock. The orchestra will con¬
sist of children and teachers of the metropolitan schools in union with
e

gramme. Part 1. Sacred:—I. Hymn, To bless thy chosen race—Psalter.
eeesseseeeeamo

name—Mendelssohn; 5. Solo and Chorus, There were Shepherds,
Glory to God—Handel; 6. Chorale, Jesus refuge of my soul—

Chorus, The marvellous works—Haydn. Part II. Secular
—1. Part song, Scots wha hae, Scotch national song; 2. Part

clond capt towers—Stevens; 4. Part song, Holyday morn—Purcell;
Nereesre
W. Martin"7. Part song. In these delightful groves-Purcell; 8.
Round, Southerly w ind;

Callcott; 10. Part song, The Cookoo—G. W. Martin; 11, Part song,
National Anthem. During the day various juvenile bands connected
with schools in the Society, including the drum and fife bands of the
Clapham Parochial School, the 4th Surrey Rifle Corps, the Spitalfields
Parochial School, the Kennington Oval School, &c., the brass bands of
the Lambeth Industrial School, the Children's Establishment, Lime¬
house, &c., will perform in different parts of the grounds. The Duke
of York's Band will also play between the parts, under the direction of
Mr. Bandmaster Porteous. Admission 1s.; children under 12, half¬
price; season tickets free ; reserved seats, half-a-crown extra.
CRYSTAL PALACE.—The LONGTON HOTEL,
five minutes walk from Sydenham Station, and eight from the
Palace, offers the best accommodation for families and gentlemen.
TO LITERARY INSTITUTIONS.—Dr. DONO¬
VAN will be happy to give, gratuitously, to Institutions, in or
within an easy distance of town, during this and the ensuing month
 LECTURE, on the Principles, Practice, and the Applications of
Phrenological Science to the Education and Direction of the Young,
&c.—School of Phrenology, 111, Strand, W.C.
