to DECAMERON.—Received both. How can I
exprees my cratitude for kind offer. Would gladly rid myself of
a great deal of worry if I had sufficient and sure income for existence.
Sorry you think things have been managed badly; have gone carefully
into everything last week, and find there has been profit as well as ex¬
istence. It scems strange I should have had to trouble you so often,
but so large, and the first without capital; all money from you depo¬
sited here in value. Appearance when you pass will explain cause of
delay, loss of business for five months, and Paris, or I should have been
prepared with what I ask from you. I have been very unwell all the
week; nothing is done yet. I want your advice, and I pray you let me
see you, or be able to write to you. I was compelled to borrow some
and can do now with £86, and you may depend it will be the last I will
ask. Write, same address.
MRS. OLDFIELD, late of Great Malvern.—An old

te h her while absent in Brussels, is most.
anxious for an INTERVIEW. Any communication addressed to
Hampstead, post-office, Richmond, will much oblige.
THE GENTLEMAN who CALLED at BRIXTON
and afterwards at Powis-squar
Thursday, 20th inst.
and went away without leaving his ADDRESS, is requested to SEND
it, that an explanation may be forwarded.
THE GENTLEMAN who, on the 22d inst., forenoon,
went by omnibus to Southampton-street there got out, and
OFFERED his SERVICES to a LADY with reference to a solicitor,
and went to Covent-garden, is requested to SEND his ADDRESS im¬
mediately to E. A., Hampstead-road post office.
INIGHTSBRIDGE BARRACKS.—The lady,
whose dress was badly torn in Bond-Street or Oxford-street, on
Friday, about 4 o'clock, is sorry that, being much frightened at the
moment, she has forgotten the name of the gentleman who assisted
her. She would like to sce him and explain, if he will kindly enclose
the offered card to C. G., post office, 161, Sloane-street, S. W.
LONDON RIFLE BRIGADE, Plaistow Range.—
If the GENTLEMAN who took a ROB ROY RIFLE CASE
from the above range, on Thursday last, will RESTORE the CON¬
TENTS to the owner, at Crosby-house, he will confer a great favour,
as the articles, although of little intrinsic value, are of great import¬
ance to the awner.
CIVIL SERVICE of INDIA.—The GENTLEMEN
toew h o, i n t e e
ition, were 71, 72, 73, 77, 83, 88, 93,
104, 105, 106, 108, 109, 123. 127, 137, 142, 145, 146, 148, 150, 151, 156, 166,
165, 175, 178, 190, on the list, are requested to favour the advertiser with
their NAMES and ADDRESSES. Cantab, care of Cooper and Smith,"
No. 7. Lincoln's-inn-filel e.
WOOD, Chambers, Lewis, Wickers.—Next of Kin.
—£80,000.—WANTED, RELATIVES of CLEMENT WOOD,
of Lincoln, 1775; Richard Chambers, of Tovaton All Saints' Lincoln¬
shire, 1775; George Lowis of London, 1775; Thomas Wickers of
Whaplods, Lincolnshire, 1775. Apply to T. de Rosaz, advocate, 51,Up¬
per Bedford-place.
CHRISTI ANNETTE HAYWARD, found
Lunatic by Inquisition.—This is to give notice to the gentleman
who took this lady, on Sunday morning, the 23d inst., in a carriage, from
the charge of her attendant, on quitting the church on Clapham-com¬
mon during the hours of service, that by such act he has been guilty
a contempt of Court, and is hereby required forthwith to DELIVER
the said CHRISTI ANNETTE HAYWARD to the custody of Mr.
John Eush, of the Retreat. Clapham, under whose care she had been
placed by the duly-appointed committee of her person. Any communi¬
cation respecting the said Christi Annette Hayward may be addressed
to Mr. Bush: or to Messrs. Valpy and Ledsam, 17, Lincoln's-inn-fields,
Solicitors for the Committee.
June 25, 1867.
yorder of the Masters in Lunacy.
CHRISTI ANNETTE HAYWARD found
Lunatic by Inquisition.—Notice to Tradesmen.—This lady hav¬
ing escaped from her attendant on Sunday last, all persons are CAU¬
TIONED against SUPPLYING her with GOODS, or otherwise allow¬
ing her to contract any debts.
VALPY and LEDSAM, 17, Lincoln's-inn-fields, Solicitors for the
Committee and for the Husband.
ine, 25th 1867.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—ABSCONDED,
since the 22d June, 1867, from the neighbourhood of Upper
Thames-street, London, E.C., charged with stealing £200, the moneys
of his employers, WALTER WHEELER, late of 1, North-cottages,
North Stockwell, Surrey, 26 years of age, about 5ft. 9in, high, slender
built, dark complexion, dark brown hair, and moustache, no whiskers,
prominent chest, walks very erect. Dressed when he absconded in
dark clothes and black hat. The above reward of £20 will be paid to
any person who shall give such information as will lead to the appre¬
hension and conviction of the said Walter Wheeler, and recovery of
the property, or in proportion to the amount recovered. Information
to be given to Inspector Hamilton, City of London Police, Detective¬
ffice, Old Jewry, E.C.—London, July 1, 1867.
LOST, from a cart, in Leadenhall-street, on Friday,
28h June, a CARPET BAG, directed "Watkins. Of no value
except to the owners. £5 REWARD, if taken to 7, East India¬
chambers, Leadenhall-street.
LOST, on Friday evening, about half-past 5, in the
Camden-road, Holloway, a small BLACK and TAN TERRIER
DOG; answers to the name of "Fanny." TWO POUNDS RE¬
WARD will be given to any one taking the same to 364, Camden¬
road, Holloway.
LOST, between London and Windsor, on the 29th
ult, a BUNCH of CHARMS. TWO POUNDS REWARD
will be given to any one taking the same to 3, Abercorn-place, St.
John's-wood, N.
LOST, at the Duchess of Marlborough's ball, on the
night of Wednesday, June 26, a GOLD BRACELET, with a
clasp of three large pearls set in light blue enamel. Whoever will
take the same to 42, Belgrare-square, shall be handsomely RE¬
WARDED.
LOST, a large NEWFOUNDLAND; black with
chest and left fore paw white, answers to name of "Sulla," had
not his collar on. Was last seen on morning of Sunday, June 30, in
the Bagnigge-wells-road. Whoever brings him to the Langham Hotel
shall be liberally REWARDED.
LOST, in transmission from Liverpool to London, a
LETTER, posted on the 26th instant, containing a Foreign Bill
of Exchange for £400, drawn at three months' date by G. Scaramanga,
of Trieste, on the 23d April, 1867, on Moschondi Caridia and Co., of
Liverpool, and made payable at Barclay, Bevan, and Co.'s. Payment
stopped. All persons are cautioned against negotiating the same.
Any person finding same is requested to forward same to Messrs. Noon
and Davies, solicitors, 25, New Broad-street, city.
HALF-A-GUINEA REWARD.—LOST, early in
the moraing on the 1st of July, a small BLACK and TAN
SPANIEL, marked with tan over the eyes and on the legs; answers to
the name of "Sambo." Whoever takes him to 36, Hyde-park-gar¬
dens, W., shall receive the above reward. No further reward will be
offered
THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, in
Konsington-square, on the 16th ult., the
o Lieute nant
Brock, 4th West India Regiment, a large WHITE BULL TERRIER
and MASTIFF DOG; black and tan each side of face, cropped ears,
black patch on back, short crock tail; answers to the name of "Hec¬
tor." He is so peculiarly marked that all persons are cautioned
against buying him. The above reward will be paid by Mr. George
Stimpson, butcher Church-Street, Kensington, on his receival.
ORCHIDS.—TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—
To Gentlemen, Nurserymen, Gardeners, and others.—STOLEN,
from the premises of J. Day, Esq., Tottenham, between 10.30 p.m.,
26th June, and 6 a.m., 27th, about 53 very RARE PLANTS, viz, 23
vanda corulea, small, from six to 10 leaves each; 25 phalaenopsis, of
various kinds, viz, p. schilleriana, p. amabilis, p. grandifiora, and p.
rosea: one cypripedium, specie unknown, resembling c. coevigatum, one
odontoglossum phalanopsis, and sundry others. The above reward will
be paid by J. Day, Esq., of the above address, to any person who shall
give such information as shall lead to the apprehension and conviction
of the thief or thieves. Information to Sergeant Palmer, Detective
epartment, Great Scotland-yard, London.
FIVE POUND NOTE LOST, on 1st of July. Infor¬
mation as to same to J. Williams, 37, Arundel-Street, Strand, will
be handsomely REWARDED. Stopped.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
morning last, between Pall-mall and Dean's-yard, Westminster,
a DEED of MORTGAGE, on parchment. If brought to Messrs.
Waterlow and Sons, 49, Parliament-street, the above reward will be paid.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, since the 23d
ofMay last, a SMALL SQUARE BOOK, bound in vellum. The
book is old, contains writing on several leaves at each end. It is of no
value to any one except the owner. Wheever will bring it to Mr. Shaw,
bookbinder, 41, Carey-street, Lincoln's-inn, shall receive the above
reward.
IF the GENTLEMAN who FOUND A SMALL
BROOCH, at the Crystal Palace, on Wednesday, the 26th June,
will return it to Mr. Shillingford, 114, Cheapside (who will describe
the brooch), he will confer a favour on the lady to whom it belongs.
STRAYED, from the stable of 41, New Cross-road,
on Saturday morning, June 29, 1857, a BLACK MARE, 6 years
old, about 15 hands high; a Brown Cob, 7 years old, about 14½ hands
high, with a mark on both knees. Whoever will give such informa¬
tion as may lead to the recovery of the same to G. Glover,
No. 90, New Cross-road, or the Police station, Deptford, shall be hand¬
somely REWARDED.
FOUND, in Her Majesty's Theatre, last Thursday
night, a BANK NOTE. The owner may have it on application
at No. 62, Lincoln's-inn-fiel
FOUND, on the 20th June, a BLACK POME¬
RANIAN DOG. If not claimed within seven days, will be
SOLD to defray expenses, Apply, by letter, with description, to F. R.,
post-office, Little Sussex-place, Hyde-park,
GOLD BRACELET.—FOUND, on Thursday, 20th
June last, a GOLD BRACELET, in the neighbourhood of Bel¬
grave-square. For address apply to Mr. Ponsford, stationer, 59,
Mount-street, Grosvenor-square.
WHITE DOG LEFT at the Greenyard, Old-street,
E.C. If NOT OWNED by the 4th of July, 1867, will be SOLD
 expeeneges
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all others having any interest in the
personal estate and effects of CAROLINE SLUMBERS, late of
No. 17, Drury-court, Strand, in the county of Middlesex, spinster,
deceased, who died there on the 22d December, 1866. —Notice is hereby
given to vou, that a CITATION has issued under seal of Her Majesty's
Court of Probate, dated 25th June, 1867, citing you, within eight days
after service thereof, to cause an appearence to be entered for you in
the Principal Registry of the said Court, and accept or refuse letters of
administration of the personal estate and effects of the said deceased,
or show cause why the same should not be granted to John Greenwood,
Esquire, as the solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, and
his successors in that office, for Her Majesty's use, with an intimation
that in default of your appearing, such letters of administration will
be granted to the said John Greenwood and his successors in office
acordingly
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
H. DYKE, Esq., Her Majesty's Proctor. Doctors'-commons.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all others having any interest
in the personal estate and effects of ANN MARY SUSAN HEN¬
DERSON, late of Buckingham-street, Landport, Portsea, in the
county of Southampton, spinster, deceased (who died there on the 13th
February, 1864).—Notice is hereby given to you that a CITATION has
issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated 25th June,
1867, citing you, within eight days after service thereof, to cause an
appearance to be entered for you in the Principal Registry of the
said Court, and accept or refuse letters of administration of the
personal estate and effects of the said deceased, or show cause why the
same should not be granted to John Greenwood, Esquire, as the soli¬
citor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, and his successors in
that office, for Her Majesty's use, with an intimation that, in default
of your appearing, such letters of administration will be granted to
the said John Greenwood, and his successors in office, accordingly.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
F. H. DYKE. Esq., Her Majesty's Proctor, Doctors'-commons.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all others having any interest ir
the personal estate and effects of CAROLINA EMELIA GROVE,
late of Acton, in the county of Middlesex, spinster, deceased (who
died there on the 29th October, 1866).—Notice is hereby given to you
that a CITATION has issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court of
Probate, dated 25th June, 1867, citing you, within eight days after
service thereof, to cause an appearance to be entered for you in the
Principal Registry of the said Court, and accept or refuse letters of
administration of the personal estate and effects of the said deceased,
or show cause why the same should not be granted to John Green¬
wood, Esquire, as the solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's
Treasury, and his successors in that office, for Her Majesty's use, with
an intimation that, in default of your appearing, such letters of ad¬
ministration will be granted to the said John Greenwood and his
successors in office acordingly.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
P. H. DYKE, Esq., Her Majesty's Proctor, Doctors'-cemmons.
IN the Matter of the CHARITY created by the
WILL of JOHN LOVELACE, for the Bencfit of Poor Relations
of the Testator.—By order of the Board of Charity Commissioners for
England and Wales, notice is hereby given, that an APPLICATION
is intended to be made to Sir Richard Malins, Knight, one of the Vice¬
Chancellors of the High Court of Chancery, sitting at chambers, as
soon as conveniently may be after the expiration of 15 days from the
publication of this notice, for an order discharging, at his own request,
the Reverend Edward Houlditch, one of the Trustces of the above¬
mentioned Charity, from being a trustee thereof, and APPOINTING,
in his place, a NEW TRUSTEE for the management of the said
Charity, jointly with Frederick Ramadge, of 89, Chancery-lane, Lon¬
don, barrister-at-law, and the Reverend William Palin, the rector of
the parish of Stifford, in the county of Essex, the surviving and con¬
tinning Trustees thereof. The Reverend Henry Lovelace Houlditch,
vicar of the parish of Holcombe Burnell, in the county of Devon, is
proposed for appointment as Trustee.
Any person objecting to the said intended application, or any of the
objects thereof, may transmit notice in writing of such objection, stating
the grounds thereof, to the said Commissioners, at their office, 8, York¬
street, St. James's-square, in the city of Westminster, within 21 days
from the first publication of this notice. — Dated this 28th day of June,
1857. CREE and LAST, 13, Gray's-inn-square, Solicitors for
the said Edward Houlditch.
THE FIRE at Messrs. MYERS and SONS'. —W.
BRISBROOK, Restorer of Engravings, and Drawing-mounter,
of 154, York-road, Lambeth, begs to inform his friends and patrons
that; although the above fire has damaged the back of his premises,
has made such arrangements that BUSINESS will be CARRIED ON
as usual.
