CORNER of CHARLES-STREET.—E. P.—Under¬
od and thoroughly appreciated.
WILLIAM R., who left his brother last Sunday
week, is desired to COMMUNICATE at once. His friends are
anxious.
MIMS, Oatham.—A TELEGRAM, addressed as
above, has been received by Renter's Telegram Company (Limited
and Reduced), 5, Lothbury, E.C., from "Caste, Singapore." The
OWNER CANNOT be FOUND.
MRS. WATSON, or Messrs. WATSON, supposed to
be living in London, who is acquainted with Mr. W. C. Har¬
rison, of Gawler, South Australia, is requested to send her ADDRESS
at once to Messrs. Robertson, Brooman, and Co., patent agents, 166,
Fleet-street, London.
HUME.—WANTED, the REPRESENTATIVES
of Mrs. JANET ELLIOT or HUME, wife of Quartermaster
Atranam Hume, and daughter of the late Archibald Elliot, Lander.
Her children were—John Hume, confectioner, sometime in Edinburgh,
Abraham Hume, Anne Hume, and Margaret Hume. Apply to James
Haswell, merchant, Edinburgh, Executor of the late Miss Sarah
Elliot, Lander.
LEXANDRA ORPHANAGE for INFANTS,
Hornsey-rise. Mr. Joseph Soul, the Hon. Secretary, has the plea¬
sure to ACKNOWLEDGE, with much gratitude, the RECEPT of
£1,000 from D. N., in aid of the Building Fund.
LOST, a CERTIFICATE, No. 133402, for one thou¬
sand pounds (say £1,000) Consoligated Stock in the East Indian
Ranway Company, in faveur of the Heverend Archibald Boyd. Who¬
ever will take the sams to Messrs. Towgood and Stracuan, 33, Throg¬
morton-street, suall be REWARDED.
LOST, a CERTIFICATE. No. 42,131, for FIVE
HUNDRED POUNDS (say £500), Capital Stock 5 per cent, per
anuum in the Great Indian Peninsuia Railway Company, in favour of
the Rev. Archibald Boyd. Whoever will take the same to Messrs.
Towgood and Strachan, 33, Throgmorton-street, E.C., shall be RE¬
WARDED.
LEFT in a Hansom CAB, which took a gentleman
from Relgrave-mad to Regent-street, Waterloo-place, on Tues¬
day, May 31st, a GREEN MOROCCO CIGAR CASE, with raised gilt
crest and monogram op it. TEN SHILLINGS REWARD will be
given if taken to Rastall and Son's, Eccleston-street, S.W.
APURSE, containing the following notes, was LOST
on the 31st May. Notes stoppedl. Other contents useless to any
one but owner—J. H. Dyer, solicitor, Bath. £10 each, 22120, 22121;
£5, 91187 34680.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on 17th May,
in Curzon-street, a small LIGHT BROWN SKYE TERRIER.
Answers to the name of Tis. Whoever will take the same to Mr. Pike,
stationer, Chaper-street west, Maylar, shall receive the above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LEFT, in a Han¬
som Cab, on Sunday week last, May 22, which brought two ladies
and a littie boy from Parknane to 11, Queen's-gateerrace, TWO
BLACK SILK SUNSHADES, the one lined with white. Whoever
will take them to the latter address shall receive the above reward.
THREE POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on Tuesday
night, the 314 ultimo, a BROWN LEATHER PURSE, contain¬
ing two £5 Bank of England Notes (numbers known and stopped), atso
a tew cards and memoranda. Supposen to be lost near Charing-cross.
Whoever will take the same to N. Ffreuch, No. 7, West Wing. Somer¬
set-house, between the hours of 10 and 4, shall receive the above

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 25th
uit, a BOUGH SANDY-COLOURED TERRIER DOG. Had
on quain collar with owner's name and address, and followed a suall
gig from st. John's woodrroad towards the York and Albany. Who¬
ever will take it to 16, Wellington-road, St. Jonn's-wood, shall receive
the above reward.
FOUND, in Brompton-road, a CAMEO BROOCH.
Apply at Burnge's library, 202, Queen's-road, Bayswater, W.
FOUND, on Monday, 28d inst., near Hamipton¬
court, a BLACK RETRIEVER DOG, with light leather collar.
ff not owned i tirce days will be SOLD, to pay expenses. Apply at
o. 1, Grovervellas, Woodlands, Isleworth.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock. Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eug¬
laid to direct the re-transter from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £144 7s. 6d. New £3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of MARGARET
FARRELL, of 5, Chapel Mount, Grosvenorsquare, widow, and which
was transterped to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the
dividends thereon having remained unclammed since the 5th Appil,
1860; Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transierred, and the bividends
thoreon paid to William Honeyball, sole executor of Joseph Gilliam
Slack, who was the sole executor of Joseph Slack, who was the sole
executor of Margaret Farsell, deceased, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and-make out his claim
thereto.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—WANTED, a COPY
of an ADVERTISEMENT, which was inserted in a London
newspaper between the years 1822 and 1832, by a solicitor or some
person acting for George Weaver, wh left England about 1816. The
advertisement scferred to the heirs of Charles Weaver, of Stratford,
Essex. Apply to W. W., 11, Lion-road, Bexley-heath, Kent.
To the TEA MERCHANTS of LONDON.
Gentlemen.
T is reported in the tea trade that the merchants
have ip coptempplation the disconginuance of the customary pound
draught on every chest of tea. Shound this be trus, and put into pric¬
tice, it will operate most injuriously on the whole setall trade, all over
the kingdom, and therefor, gentlemen, as one of those who will be
greatly injured by spch an innevation, I beg most respectfully to sub¬
mit' to your notice my reasons for considering the proposition as com¬
mercially illegal and morally unjuss. I take the bberty of addressing
you in this form, as the most convenient and eflicacious meaps of com¬
municating with you collectively, and also that I may speak out and
say wuat 1 have to say before the face of the whole commercial world,
as I cousider that an act of such narrow-minded severity as that spoken
of will be the first deaph blow to all hberality and nomeness connected
with wholesale trade generally. An allowance in the form of draught
is an allowance, in point of ract, as "tret," and "tret" is an allowance
made by wilo esale dealers to retailers to meet waste and couringencies,
and has been in existance for centuries. Custom becomes law, and
therefore, commerciaily speaking, 1 deny the commercial legaiity of
any set of gentlemen substituting a new regulntion to the great injury
of thousands of traders, whose businesses have been conducted by cus¬
toms centuries old. It is not legal in al cases for a man to do what he
he please, even with his own properry. He cannot close up a right-of¬
way over his own freehold land when the custom of that rightof-way
has existed from time immemorial. The old hast Inilia Company used
to allow 11b, draught and 11b, altowance, but one of the London retailers
introduced the pian of giving this pound allowapee to the pubhe, and
then the Company said they would allow it nollonger, as they itended
it for the benent of the trade to meet various sma), losses, but, gentie¬
men, they never attempted to take away the "Lb, tret," considering,
no douot, tit that ans the deater's legul rigut.
Tnat tue new proposition woule be morany unjust is as plain as the
sun at boonday, ales purchuses are mide through samples, and
samples are ulways taken from the best part of the bulk, so that it is
imhieossate lor tus bills to be better than tiie sampe : out it is not im¬
tmassoie that the o may be wore than the sample, and it toe e¬
quunby nappens that it 1y so. Ttis proves bo demonstcatton that tun
buyer stands upou bo a dusanvantage, without any corresponding pro¬
tectron in the absence of "draught" or "tret" as a mai, agninst
lnsses that may, can, will, and do arise, in spite of all precautions. It e
follows thererore, (liat there is a dead certaint, against the puyer, but
no nead certainty in ins lavour; sothat he must stand uuderended, nmure
or less to ievitame losses. Every wnomgalp house in the traug will tell
you. gentlemen, that they are constandly receiving coorptaints trom all
parts of the country about some nerect or other, and whith is next to
impossible to meet or rectiy, excopt by some reasonabic allowauce,
in the ond standing form of "drauant" or "tret, his has berh lound
to be a practreal lact for centunes, and therefore, gentlemen, 1 beg of
jun not to diaregard i. Speaking from an experience since the old
Company's time, 1 will here enumerate some of the oisadvantages we

Tea turning out more dusty than sample, sometimes rather heated
or partlany damnagent. Two or thee saupple bage in a chest contain¬
ing t a of ihiertor quailty to the bik. Bamagen broken chests, utha
portion of the tea shaken out, loss upon tates frequently, through
thick wood having been used in the lnwer parts of the chest M¬
takes and aceidents of various kinns, wiitch in the naure of tluge
are sure to arise, and winch no strict ruses can posmbly altogether
prevent, These, gentlemen, and such as thee, are the practical reapous
wnry our forejathers had wistom enougn, ilpuralty cunugh, and justice
cnough to ljakethrough all ages, a reasonabre allowance to their more
hamble brethren in trade,
Genjlemen, wnolesale trade is not retail trade, and merchants are
not cuandier-shop keepers. Both have their spheres and their duties.
Closemess is praisewortiy in a poor man, but contemptible in a
rich man. Serooge and Marley are dead, and oiylocsam is out
of date. Never, for gopdness sake, let our London merghants
be the meas of bringing them to life again. Bise, genpremen,
to the top of mnaguanimity, and hold your position hke men and
gentlemen. Scorn the senools of money grubbers and dea) with the
retal ars in a liberat, fall, and generous spirit. I besecch you, gentle¬
men, act nooly, equal to your position.
What is trane wit out a soul? "Heaven forfend, I would not kill
thy sonl". Think with a soul, trade with a son), and act with a soul.
and be worthy of merehants. The more I look at the proponition the
more and mere shocked and burt t fge at the ldea of such paltrieas
entering the hieaus of such men. 1 beg of you, gentlemen, to recop¬
siner this crucily, uarroammuen notion beyore you attempt to andect
so grrat an ijustogs on a largs class of tnjetrious men. i wish, gen¬
tlemen, to speal in every way dmny respectiul, and tee from thrents,
but l must venture to aay, tnat i tetempt be made. I hope the
whoee setail trade, from one end of the kingdom to the other, will rise
ilsone map to oppose and crush this uncailen for and uumrerited
injustice. The cry must be "Awake1 Arisel or be for ever fallen."
beg to remain, Gentlemen,
OYour most obedient Servant,
A. TEETGEN, Regin Teadeler, 67, Gishopsgate¬
street within, ano, Knsland.
MISSING FRIENDS, Unclaimed Money, &c.—
QUIRPES mans in America and Australis, through 2,600
corsepponuents. Advertisements inserted in foreigh newspepers. Index
to 22,000 anvertisginents fot next of ain, heirs at law, and legatees, 30
amps.—EBERT GU, 6, Prince ol Wales-road, Lomsion.
NEXT of a IN.—A classified and descriptive INDEX
(of 20,000 names guaranteed) to svert-semenls for Next of Kin,
Cuancer, Hens, Legarees, &c., from 1100 to 1869, post free for 32 stamps,
Audress Mr. CULIMER, 17, southampton-burlnings, Chancer-lane,
London, W.C. Wills searened for.
THE Late 3d WEST INDIA REGIMENT.—All
persons having CLaIMe aguinst the OF FICERS MESS of the
lase 3d W. 4. Regnmens are requesten to forward them, addressed
"Mess Presuient, 3d W.1. Regiment." to Messrs. Cox and Co., Cral,'s¬
court, Charing-o.oss, on or belpre 20th June; atter which date no
clams wrd be entertained.
IN the Matter of LETTERS PATENT granted to
WILLIAM IHURSTON WAITE, of sansonryrsquare, in the city
of London, Fellow of the Chemical Society of Lonuon, for "Improve¬
ments in the treatment of saccharme maiters," dated 8th Japuary,
1869, No. 62. —Notice is hereby given, that the said William Tulnston
Waite has applied by petition to the Commsoners of Padenes for
leave to dee a DISCLAIMER and MEMORANDUM of ALTERA
TION of PARTS of the SPECIFICATION of the said letters patent
and any person intending to oppose uch application must give nouiée
thereof at the office of the Sblicitor-General, Na. 1, Bick-court,
Temple, within 10 days from the nate hereof.—Dated this 2d day of
June, 1870. J. C. MEWBURN, Patent Agent, 172, Fleet-street.
London, Agent for the Petitioner.
Witness—G. Bacon.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the Ducal Anhalt
Government Department for Férests and Moues have accorded to
Mr. GUSTAV ZIEGLER, of Dessan, the EXCLUSIVE RIGHP of
EXPORTING over the sea genuine KAINIT, in its raw ground or
unground state, wrought and gotten out of the Ducal Mues at Leo¬
bordshall; and have encosed an especial contract to this effect with
the said Mr. Gustay Zegler.—Dessan. April 30to, 1870.
The Ducal Anbalt Government Department for Forests
and Mines, Steinkopff.
Referring to the above notice, I bereby confer upon Mr.Otte Radde,
of Hamburg, the Exc.usive Right of Exporting genuine Kainit hom
Leepoldshall over the ea, especially to Great Britain and Ireland.—
Dessan, April 30th, 1870.
G. ZIEGLER.
sole agent for England, Wales, and Ireland—Mr. E. Meverstein,
No. 22, Queen-street, London, E.C., to whom all communications
must be addre-sed.
MESSRS. MINTON, HOLLINS, and Co. (in con¬
sequence of advertisements and circulars recently issued under
the name of Minton and Co.) think it advisable to inform their friends
and the publ c that NO ALTERATION has taken place in CON¬
DUCTING the BUSINESS at the establishment, No. 50, Conduit¬
street, Regent-street, London, W. This busmess was established by
the late Mr. Herbert Minton and Mr. M. D. Hollins nearly 25 years
ago, and is now conducted solely by Mr. M. D. Hollins, late the senior
partner in the firm of Minton and Co., china and earthenware manu¬
facturers, Stoke-ppon-Trent, and sole continuing partner in the frme
of Minton, Hollins, and Co., tile manufacturers, Stoke-upon-Trent,
and Minton and Co., 50, Condhit-street. Mr. Hollins retains the
whole of the moulds, designs, and engravings of the firms of Minton,
Hollins, and Co., Stoke, and Minton and Co., 50, Conduit-street.—
May 30, 1870.
ALTERATION of NAME.—HANCOCKS and
Co., 39, Bruton-street, corner of Bond-street, jewellers and
silversmiths to the Queen and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg
to announce that, in consequence of the retirement of Mr. C. F.
Hancock from this business, whith he has carried on for so many
years, the name of the firm will be in future as above ; and also that
the remaining portion of the valuable stork of Jewellery and Works
of Art in gold and silver of the old firm is now being Sold for cash, at
greatly reduced prices.—Hancocks and Co., 39, Bruton-street, corner

FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—WIDOWS' SIX¬
QUARTER QUADRUPLE CRAPE, to indicate the deepest
mourning. This unique kind of crape can only be purchased at the
London General Mourning Warehouse, and Messrs. JAY, wishing to
prevent a piracy of thyir prerogative, offer the above reward for the
detection of any party selling as Six-quarter Quadruple Crape that
whick can only be secured at their establishment. This crape is very
durable, and will nelther change colour nor lose its crispness by ex¬
osure to wet.—Jay's, the London General Mourning Warehouses,
Nos. 247, 249, and 251, Regent-street
TO the NOBILITY, Antiquaries, and others.—For
SALE, about 50 pieces of OLD CHINA. May be seen at
No. 148, Glocester-road, Regent's-park, any day between 10 and 6.
