ERNST.—COME HOME immediately and you will
forgiven.
THE SWEET PEA, Norwood, in town. —17, Praed¬
street, Paddington.
 Expect to arrive the 18th, and ready
for both of you on the 19th from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Will
only remain few days in town.—POLLAKY, 13, Paddington-green.
I."Sigh" must manage the 19th and 20th in
London. Any other days impossible. WRITE at once, my
NEMO.—LONDON DISPENSARY, 21, Church¬
street, Spitalfields.—The Cor.
itee have to ACKNOWLEDGE
with thanks another DONATION of £5 from Nemo, which is most
acceptable, as the Funds of this useful Institution are very low.
SUMERSET J. HYAM, Secretary.
By order,
RICHARD HUBBARD.—INFORMATION is
REQUIRED as to RICHARD HUBBARD, who in 1827 was
cribed as a chairmaker, at High-row, Knightsbridge, and who has
not been heard of for about 20 years. He would, if living, be now
about 69 years of age. Any person supplying evidence of his death, or
of his present address, if living, would be amply rewarded by Messrs.
Venning and Co., solicitors, 9, Tokenhouse-yard, E.C. 25th May, 1868.
LONDON and CALEDONIAN MARINE INSUR¬
ANCE COMPANY (Limited).—ERRATA.—The notice which
appeared in the above matter in The Times of 2d, 5th, 9th, and 12th
instant, should have been dated 26th May, 1868, instead of 8th May,
OST (FIVE POUNDS REWARD), a LADY's
GOLD WATCH and CHAIN. Whoever takes it to Wing and
King, 125, High-Street, Notting-hill, shall receive the above reward.
OST, on the 4th inst., at Fulham, a DIAMOND
EARRING, in the form of a star. FIVE POUNDS REWARD
egiven to the finder, on taking it to Messrs. Chas. Williams and
o., 223, Oxford-street.
LOST, on Monday evening, between London-bridge
and Gipsey-hill, or in and near the Crystal Palace, a £10 and £5
BANK of ENGLAND NOTE, folded together. Whoever will take
tae to T. S., Codrington-villa, Upper Norwood, shall be amply
REWARDED.
NEYS LOST, on Tuesday evening, 16th inst., at or
near the Bow Railway station, or between there and Highbury.
sseen

canvas bag. TEN SHILLINGS REWARD will be paid on restora¬
tion of the keys only, to Mr. Colk, chymist, High-Sstreet, Bow.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LEFT in a CAB,
taken from Covent-garden to 16, Sussex-place. Regent's-park, on
esday evening, the 16th, a DOUBLE OPERA GLASS.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday,
21st May, between Badminton and Paddington Station,
CHOCOLATE and WHITE ENAMEL GOLD WATCH CASE.
Whoever
ill take the same to Mr. Thomas, silversmith, New Bond¬
street, shall receive the above reward.
THREE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST at the
Victoria Station, just before the departure of the 5.55 Brighton
train on Thursday, 11th June, a LADY's MOROCCO HAND-BAG,
with gilt letters, "T. H. W." outside. Whoever will restore the has
and its contents to Mr. Francis, station master, Brighton Line, Vic¬
toria Station, shall receive the above reward.
WANGHAE CANE.—The person who found a
CANE, silver mounted, engraved crest a demi-lion rampant, m
the rack of a first class carriage on the Great Northern Railway, on
Saturday, the 6th instant, is requested to LEAVE it at the Lost Parcel
Office, King's-cross, or at 8, Walbrook, city.
FOUND, at Ascot, on the Cup Day, an EARRING.
Apply, by letter, to H. B., 7, Sussex-street, Warwick-square.
FOUND a small PARCEL of FIVE POUND

them and paying expenses of advertising, they will be RESTORED,
by applying to J. E., 122, Oxford-street, W
FOUND, on the 12th inst., in the neighbourhood of
Kensington, a small WHITE MALTESE TERRIER. The
owner can have the same, on description and payment of expenses, by
applying at 4, Bolton-mews, Boltons, South Kensington.
FOUND, a BRACELET, at the shop of Messrs.
Bax and Co., hatters, 443, Strand, opposite the Charing-cros
Hotel. Owner to apply by letter, giving full description of the said
bracelet, and circumstances attending its loss.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
land to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of
£2.177 13s. 9d. Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore stand¬
ing in the names of WILLIAM THOMAS GREY, of Cadogan-place
Sloane-street, Esquire; WILLIAM HENRY WHITBREAD,
Southill, county of Bedford, Esquire; and SAMUEL CHARLES
WHITBREAD, of Cardington, Bedford, Esquire; and which dividend
was paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Nations
Debt in consequence of its having remained unclaimed since the 5th
January, 1858;  Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Dividend will be pald to Samuel
Charles Whitbread, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c.—A
REGISTER, containing the names of all persons who have been
dvertised for to claim property since 1749, 2s. ; post free 25 stamps.—
DOUGAL and Co., 58, Cheapside, E.C.
WEXT of KIN (new edition, just published).—A
classified and descriptive INDEX (of 18,000 names guaranteed)
to advertisements for Next of Kin, Chancery Heirs, Legatees, &c., from
1700 to 1863, post free 30 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER, 17, South¬

PERSONS of the NAMES of OGLETHORPE,
Rainbow, Sandford, Sherman, Shipman, Simpson, Suter.
Voguell, Wood, and Woolaston, will find some valuable INFORMA¬
TION concerning those families, which may be to their advan¬
the 21st number of RESEARCHES RESPECTING FAMILY HIS,
TORY, Unclaimed Property, and Estates in abeyance. Just published
price 5s., or sent free for 62 postage stamps. Address J. H. Fennell,
No. 49, Millbank-street, near the Houses of Parliament, Westmins
NOTICE is hereby given, that in pursuance of "The
Abandon.
nt of Railways Act, 1850," and "The Railway Com¬
Adt.
a Great Northern Railway Company have made
APPLICATION in writing to the Board of Trade setting forth that
the said Great Northern Railway Company are desirous that the
RAILWAY by "The Edgware, Highgate, and London (Junction)
Railway Act. 1865," authorized to be made, and therein described as
follows:—"The Railway hereby authorized will be wholly situate
the parish of St. Mary, Islington, it will commence by a junction with
the authorized line of the Edgware, Highgate, and London Railway at
or near where, according to the deposited plans of that railway, it
passes under a road called Crouch-hill, and terminate by a junction
with the authorized line of the Tottenhamn and Hampstead Junction
Railway at or near where that railway crosses or will cross the Hol¬
loway road," should be ABANDONED. And notice is hereby further
given, that any person who may think himself aggrieved by such pry¬
posed abandonment of the said railway, and who may desire to object
thereto, may bring such objection before the Board of Trade by send¬
ing a written statement thereof by post, on or before the 21st day of
July next, addressed to the Assistant Secretary of the Railway Depart¬
ment, Board of Trade, Whitehall, London.—Dated this 1st day of
June, 1868.
H. OAKLEY, Secretary of the Great Northern
Railway Company.
NOTICE is hereby given, that, in pursuance of
"The Abandonment of Railways Act, 1850.
and  e Ral
way Companies Act, 1867," the GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY
COMPANY have made application, in writing, to the Board of Trade,
setting forth that the said Great Northern Railway Company are desi¬
rous that a PORTION of RAILWAY No. 1, commencing from the
road numbered 54 on the deposited plans in the parish of Enfield, and
terminating as described, and the whole of the Railways Nos. 2 and 4
by "The Great Northern Railway (Hornsey to Hertford) Act, 1865,,
authorized to be made and which said Railways are therein described
as follows, namely, "Railway No. 1, commencing by a junction with
the Great Northern Railway, in the parish of Tottenham, in the county
of Middlesex, at or near the northern end of the passenger platform
of the Wood-green Station, passing through Tottenham, Hornsey
Wood-green, Edmonton, Southgate, Winchmore-hill, and Enfield, all
in the county of Middlesex; Northaw, Little Berkhampstead, Ches¬
ahunt, Gough s oak, or i.
Bishop's Hatfield, Bayford, Brickendon,
liberty of All Saints and St. John's, Hertford, Saint Andrew's, and
Hertingfordbury, all in the county of Hertford and terminating in
the last named parish by a junction with the Hertford, Luton, and
Dunstable part of the Great Northern Railway, at about a furlon
sonth of the spot where the said Railway crosses the river Mimram."
"Railway No. 2, a short spur in the last named parish, issuing from the
Railway No. 1, at or about one hundred and fifty yards to the westward.
of Horns Mill, on the river Lea, and terminating by a junction with
the Hertford, Luton, and Dunstable Railway, about a furlong south of
the point of junction hereinbefore described." "And Railway No. 4,
entirely in the parish of Digswell, in Hertfordshire, commencing by a
junction with the Hertford, Luton, and Dunstable Railway, in the
parish of Digswell, at a distance of half a mile from its junction with
the Great Northern Railway, at the Welwyn Junction, and termi¬
nating by a junction with the Great Northern Railway, about ane
furlong south of the Welwyn Viaduct," should be ABANDONED.
And notice is hereby further given, that any person who may think
himself aggrieved by such proposed abandonment of the said Railways,
and who may desire to object thereto, may bring such objection before
the Board of Trade by sending a written statement thereof by post on
or before the 21st day of July next, addressed to the Assistant-Secre¬
tary of the Railway Department, Board of Trade, Whitehall, London.
—Dated this 1st day of June, 1868.
H. OAKLEY, Secretary of the Great Northern Railway
Company.
NOTICE.—Intimation is hereby given that John
Jackson, of Amisfield, lately banker in Dumfries, judicial factor
upon the trust estate of the late Mrs. ElizabethHorrison or Wilson, of
Calside; and Robert Wilson, residing in Maxwelltown, near
Dumfries, Mary Wilson and Agnes Wilson, both residing in Castle
Dougias, and Mrs. Elizabeth Wilson or Oram, widow of the deceased
Hugh Oram, sometime residing in Jamaica-street, Edinburgh, and now
residing in or near Dumfries—being the whole surviving children of
Agnes Wilson, daughter of the said Mrs. Elizabeth Rorrison or Wilson,
of Calside, have presented a petition to the Court of Session (second
division, Junior Lord Ordinary.—Mr. Drysdale, clerk), praying their
lordships, after such notice and procedure as might be required, to
grant a warrant to, and authorize the said John Jackson, as judicial
factor aforesaid, to make PAYMENT to the other petitioners, as next
of kin of their brothen James Wilson, a surgeon in the service of the
Honourable the East India Company, who left this country for India in
or about the year 1821; who was last heard of there, in the year 1823
and who is supposed to have died there in or about that year—and
William Wilson, a mariner, being an ordinary seaman in the ship
Clyde, of Glasgow who left this country for Calcutta, and who is
supposed to have died on his way home from the East Indies to this
country in or about the year 1824—of the whole SHARE of the TRUST
ESTATE of the deceased ELIZABETH RORRISON or WILSON,
which had vested in the said James Wilson and William Wilson, so far
as said share is in the hands of the said judicial factor (which share
amounted as at 18th September last to £2,125 7s. 5d.); the petitioners,
other than the said John Jackson, 
finning caution as therein
mentioned; on which petition Lord Mure (Junior Lord Ordinary) has
pronounced the following interlo
tor—"21st May,
D. r o .
Mure—Act. Gifford.—Alt. —Appoints this petition to be intimated
on the walls and in the minute-book for eight days; appoints the same
to be advertised in the newspapers and in the mayner mentioned in the
prayer of the petition. (Signed)
David Mure.
W. S. STUART, S.S.C., Agent for the Petitioners, 24, Dundas¬

NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs respectfully to inform her customers and ladies of the nobi¬
lity her establishment will in future be CLOSED at 5 o'clock on Satur¬
days.—92. Regent-street.
NOTICE.—To Photographic Artists, Printsellers,
and Publishers.—The AUTOTYPE PRINTING and PUB¬
LISHING COMPANY (Limited) hereby give notice, that they are the
sole possessors of the patent granted to Mr. Swan for producing pho
tographs in carbon and other permanent pigments, and that appli¬
cations for licenses for the use of the process, or for vending pic¬
tures produced by the process, should be addressed to them, at their
temporary offices, 5, Haymarket, London.
CAUTION.—VOIGTLANDER's RACE GLASSES.
—The public are hereby cautioned against imitations. The
genuine bear the following inscription on the slides—"Callaghan, sole
agent by appointment, 23a, New Bond-street, corner of Conduit-street.
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Queen¬
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONL
ADDRESS is 33 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of
obtaining the genuinc tinted lenses should apply only direct to them,
at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, opposite Crawley's Hotel.
CAUTION.—Ice Safes.—The WENHAM LAKE
ICE COMPANY give notice that every REFRIGERATOR, or
ice safe of their manufacture, bears their name and trade mark firmly
fixed to the inside, to imitate which is felony. This notice has become
necessary in consequence of the numerous imitations of their refrige¬
rators of an inferior quality, got up and represented to be the same as
they sell. Sole office, Wenham Lake Ice Company, 140, Strand. W.C
CAUTION.—OCEAN and LAND TELEGRAPHY.
—The Proprietors of the Letters Patent granted to Mr. W. P.
PIGGOTT hereby give notice, that proceedings will be instituted
against all parties infringing such patents, and that proceedings are
now pending in the Court of Chancery to restrain the infringement
of Mr. Piggott's Patents by the Anglo-Americas Telegraph Company.
No. 68, Lincoln's-inn-fields, May 18, 1865.
CAUTION.—ASH's FILTERING REFRIGE¬
.
RATORS.—Whereas, other ice safes are advertised as fitted
with filters, and such safes do not filter the pure water from the block
ice
toi e in ngn, but allo

heretofore, the
Piston Freering Machine and Ice Company find it necessary to cau¬

toions of this
tion the pui ic a ae
tientific invention, and beg
ublicly to announce that in Ash's Patent Filtering Refrigerator alone
can the block ice be kept free from taint, and
aase.
the peeur r e wet
seensssmssit,


an n nefri
trator also effecis a combina

noe o dvantas
be
fomm
ine her ice safe. Notice is hereby given,

Sno.
nicery will be obtained for any infringemen
the e epe en

te e e e e e
proprietors, the PISTON FREEZING
MACHINE and ICE
MPANY, 3156, Oxford-street, London.
