E. N. (my Premier). What do you intend to do
with "Old Tom," of Grenoble?—E. W.
PARISIAN GENTLEMAN, friend of Doctor
BRAKIN de RENZY, WANTS his ADDRESS.—London,
F. M., 57, Prince's-street, Soho.
THE GENTLEMAN who LEFT his WATCH and
CHAIN on Saturday evening last with a publican will be happy
to COMMUNICATE with him through Mr. Bennett, watchmaker,
Cheapside.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—Mrs. SOPHIA HICK¬
e to have DIED


Prondfoot, 24, John-street, Bedford-row, shall receive the above
Rew
NATIONAL INSTITUTION for DISEASES of
Aa ndnd ag itn.
the SKIN, Gray,
-street. The Hon. Secretary
to ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of ONE GUINEA and a
PARCEL, in aid of the above Charity, and to return thanks to the
anonymous donor.
THE BOARD of the ROYAL HOSPITAL for
INCURABLES ACKNOWLEDGE, with thanks, the RECEIPT



FREDERIC ANDREW, Secretary.
eesems.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
baing the 11th, between 5 and 7 o'clock, an old -fashioned GOLD
WATCH, maker's name Evans, No. 127, with gold chain attached.

returning the same to 12, Chesham-place, S.W., shall receive the above

TWENTY POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, by a lady,
noun na   n nne t, about 8,
SAPPHIRE and DIAMOND PENDANT. The centre sapphire, 12ct.
bare ; top sapphire, 3ct. bare; centre stone set round with two rows
of brillants, the other sapphire forming loop with brillants. Who¬
ever will take the above to Mr. Edwin H. Streeter, late Hancock and
Co., 37, Conduit-street, five doors from Bond-street, shall receive the

CAUTION.—Bills of Exchange.—LOST, an old
AN LEATHER PORTEMOE
een.
TAIE, with brass cla e e e
fective, on the 13th inst., containing two
o. 78417, all with the initials Nos. 27404-5,
one £5 note.
E" on them. Also
three Bills of Exchange, one for £745 9s. 6d., No. 102, at six months,
due 10th January, 1869, payable at the London and Westminster

three months, due 22d proximo, payable at the London and South¬
Western Bank, Wandsworth one of these also being endorsed. All
persons are hereby cautioned not to purchase or negotiate such bills,
the same having been cancelled. Whoever will return the same, with
contents untouched, to housekeeper, Mr. J. Whitworth's, 13, Little
Queen-st., Westminster, shall receive FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
NORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT
DISTRICT.—Hendon Union.—I, the undersigned J. H.
Mitchiner, Auditor of the abovenamed district, do hereby give notice,
that I have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the
HENDON UNION, and of the Parishes therein contained, for the
half-year ended the 29th September, 1863, to commence on Thursday,
the 29th day of October instant, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at
the Union Schools, near Edgware, when and where all persons who by
law are bound to account at such audit are required to attend, and to
submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers containing or relating
to the accounts or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief
of the poor. —Dated the 14th day of October 1863.,
H. MITCHINER, District Auditor.
METROPOLITAN CLUB, 20, Piccadilly, W.—
Fourth year.—Annual subscription three guineas. No entrance
fees charged to new members joining this year. No liability. The
Secretary will furnish particulars on being applied
9.
JUNIOR UNITED SERVICE CLUB.—A
SPECIAL GENERAL MEETING will be held on Saturday, 24th
instant, at 1 o'clock p.m.
Members who are unable to attend may obtain voting papers upe
application to the Secretary, in which the object of the Meeting will be

specified.
HUBERT DE CARTERET, Secretary.
STAGE COPYRIGHT.—PIETRA.—Theatre
Royal, Haymarket.—An advertisement having appeared announc¬

been withdrawn; Notice is hereby given, that the sole acting right of

Bateman, for the purpose of representation at the Theatre Royal,
Haymarket, and that a
plication twill be made to the Court of
s
ssssssesm
ROB. H. PEARPOINT, 50, Leicester-square, Solicitor
for Miss Bateman.
CAPE COLONY and NATAL.—All parties desiring
INFORMATION on any subject relative to these colonies are
personally or by letter, to the Cape and Natal
requested to app
Newspaper-office, 29, Bow-lane, Cannon-street, E.C.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—The MARGARETTA.—No. 4624.—Whereas a cause of
bottomry has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of Eng¬
land on behalf of Messrs. W. A. and G. Maxwell, of Liverpool, in the
county of Lancaster, merchants, the legal holders of a bottomry bond

said vessel, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and the cargo now or
lately laden therein, together with the freight due for the transporta¬
tion thereof, and whereas the said vessel and cargo are now lying in
sn
Registry of the said Court, and no appearance has been entered in the
said cause; This is to give notice to all persons who have or CLAIM
to have any RIGHT, title, or interest in the said VESSEL, or in the
said cargo, that if an appearance in the said cause be not entered in
the Registry of the said Court within six days from the publication of
this notice, the Judge of the said Court will order the said vessel, and
the said cargo to be SOLD to answer the claims instituted or to be in¬
stituted against the same, or to make such order in the premises as to

H. A. BATHURST, Assistant-Registrar.
Notice of sale of ship and cargo taken out by Pritchard and Sons,
No. 18, Great Knightrider-street, Doctors'-
commons, London.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUDICATURE at
MADRAS.—Original Suit No. 183 of 1868.—Edward Hitchcock and
Edward Simes Hitchcock, of New City-chambers, Bishopsgate-street,
in the city of London, wine merchants, carrying on business in co¬
partnership under the firm of Edward Hitchcock and Son, plaintiffs,
and Edward Douglas Estill, of Madras, merchant, residing in Ster¬
lings-road, in the village of Nungumbankum, within the local limits of
Madras, the administrator, with the will annexed, of the estate and
effects of Robert Dawson McMinn, late of Mangalore, merchant,
trading under the firm of McMinn and Company, and now deceased,
defendant. Notice is hereby given, that an Order of Her Majesty's
High Court of Judicature at Madras having been made in the above
suit, on Monday, the 18th day of May. 1868, whereby it was ordered
that it be referred to a Judge in chambers to take an account of the
estate and effects of the abovenamed Robert Dawson McMinn, de¬
ceased, and also to take an account of the debrs due to and by the
said estate, and to ascertain and report the clear amount thereof, the
CREDITORS of the said ROBERT DAWSON MeMINN, deceased
(who died on or about the 9th day of January, 1867), are, on or before
the 15th day of December, 1868, to come in and prove their debts be¬
fore the Judge in chambers, in the High Court-house, at Madras; or,
in default thereof, they will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit
of the said order.—Madras, 7th July, 1868.
HN SHAW, Plaintiff's' Attorney.
O.
LOCOMOTIVES ACT, 1865.—Notice is hereby
given, that at a Mceting of the Metropolitan Board of Work
held at the office of the Board, Spring-gardens, on Friday, the 2d day
of October, 1868, it was resolved and ordered as follows:—
Locomotives Act, 1865, extended by Expiring Laws Continuance

Whereas, by virtue of the eighth section of the Locomotives Act.
1865, 
No i



metropolis, as defined by the Act of the Session of the 18th and 19th
years of Her present Majesty, chapter 120 (except in the city of
London and the liberties thereof), to make orders as to the hours
during which, and as to the speed—not in any case to exceed two
miles an hour—at which locomotives are to pass through the places sub¬
ject to the jurisdiction of the said Board;—Now, pursuant to the provi¬
sions of the said Locomotives Act, 1865, as so extended, the Metropo¬
litan Board of Works doth hereby, in writing and under their common
seal, make order that no locomotive propelled by steam or any other
than animal power (except a steam fire engine, actually going to or re¬
turning from a fire) shall be driven or conducted, or be allowed to
pass, through any street or place within the limits of the jurisdiction
of the said Board, between the hours of 6 o'clock in the morning and
10 o'clock in the afternoon of any day, and that with the exception of
these hours, locomotives may pass along the streets and places afore¬
said: and, with regard to speed, this Board doth order that the speed
at which such lecomotives shall be so driven or pass through any street
or place within the limits of the inrisdiction of the Board, shall not
exceed two miles an hour. Provided, that this order shall not extend
Lsapensacne
By order, JOHN POLLARD, Clerk of the Board.
bring-gardens, 2d October, 1863.
OUC de MONTEBELLO's CHAMPAGNES.—
Caution.—Whereas an INJUNCTION in Chancery has been
obtained in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Gemmer," restraining
the defendant and all others from selling or parting with sundry cases
of Rhenish wine, imported from Rotterdam, containing botties bear¬
ing imitation Duc de Montebello's labels and corks, and further prohi¬
biting the importation or sale of all wines bearing such imitation labels
or corks; and whereas, in the cause, "Duc de Montebellov. Jebens,"
tried in the Tribunal Correctionnel of Havre, a parcel of 250 cases,
containing 3,000 bottles of wine, bearing imitation Due de Montebello
labels and corks, seized by the French Customs authorities (the said
spurious wines having been sent from Germany and Havre to be
thenge shipped to England, and thus through the colourable importa¬
tion from a French port to avoid detection on arrival here), were ad¬
judged to be confiscated; all persons are hereby cautioned against deal¬
ing with spurious champagnes, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello

TAMPLIN and TAYLER, 159, Fenchurch-street, E.C.,
itors to the Duc de Montebello.
R. SYMONDS and SON, 3, Ingram-court, 167, 168, Fen¬
church-street, E.C., Agents to the Duc de Montebello
DUC de MONTEBELLO's CHAMPAGNES.—
R. SYMONDS and SON direct especial attention to the pre¬
ceding CAUTION, as renewed attempts are being made to intro¬
duce spurious wines, bearing forged Duc de Montebello labels and
corks. These spurious wines are mestly imported via Rotterdam. The
genuine Duc de Montsbello's Champagues can be obtained of any re¬
ectable wine merchant in town or country.
MISREPRESENTATION.—The TEN GUINEA
SUITES, in 18 carat gold, machine made, as advertised, are only
to be procured at 37, Conduit-street, Bond-street. Mr. STREETER
finds it necessary to make this announcement, as sets of ornaments
stated to be of his manufacture and of 18 carat gold, are now being
offered to the public, whereas, they are in reality of a much inferior
quality. Purchasers, especially in the provinces, are therefore cau¬
oned to have the quality of the gold stated on their invoice.—
HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co. now Edwin W. Streeter), 37, Con¬
duit-street, five doors from Bond-street.
NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs respectfully to inform her customers and ladies of the nobi¬
lity her establishment will in future be CLOSED at 5 o'clock on Satur¬
dlays.92, Regent-street.
NOTICE.—The GLADSTONE BAG, invented and
perfected by FISHER, of the Strand. We are informed that
inferior imitations of this article are offered for sale. Buyers are re¬
quested to notice that the genuine Gladstone Travelling Bag is stamped
in gold, in a garter, Fisher, 188, Strand.
MATIONAL EXPENDITURE.—COPIES of Mr.
MURCHISON's recent LETTER to Mr. GLADSTONE can be
obtained at the Globe-office, 110, Strand, at the rate of 6s. per 100
copies. Committees for promoting the election of Conservative candi¬
dates are specially recommended to circulate copies of this letter.
DVOWSON for SALE of a LIVING, in a favourite
West Midland county, with a good house and clear net income of
£220 per annum. Railway station 1½ mile. Immediate possession.
£1.800 would be accepted from an immediate purchaser. Apply to
Mr. H. W. Bagster, surveyor, Tavistock-chambers, 14, Southampton¬
street, Strand. W.
ADVOWSON. — Home County. — For SALE, the
ADVOWSON of ONE of the most desirable RECTORIES in the
home counties, distant about 30 miles from London, and near two
railway stations. The church is in excellent order, and the schools well
endowed. The house, built a few years since at large cost, is of handsome
architectural elevation, the grounds and offices of appropriate charac¬
ter and extent. The income arises from about 300 acres of glebe, lying
in a ring fence, the whole forming an important domain. Immediate
possession. Principals or solicitors may have further confidential par¬
ticulars on application to Mr. Ancona, surveyor, 8, John-street,
Adelphl.
CHESS.—The STAUNTON CHESSMEN. Ebony
an boxwood, 15s. and 17s. 6d. per set; loaded, 25s. ; club sets.
35s. and 45s.; finest African ivory, £3 13s. 6d., £5 5s., and £10 10s.
Wholesale, JAQUES and SON, 102, Hatton-garden, E.C. Caution—
To guard against inferior imitations observe Mr. Staunton's signature
on each box, without which none are genuine.
CHESS.—The IN STATU QUO CHESS BOARD.
Invaluable to all chess players. It allows the game to be discon¬

turbed. Prices 30s., 35s., 40s., and 55s. each. Wholesale, JAQUES
and SON, patentees, 102. Hatton-garden.
FCONOMY in FUNERALS.—D. COOKSEY,
52, Amwell-Street, Pentonville, E.C. By applying at the above
establishment it will be found that the lowest charges are combined
with superior equipments. Established 183.0
SHILLIBEER's FUNERAL ESTABLISHMENTS
aro 53, City-road, Finsbury-square, London, and North-Street-¬
quadrant, Brighton.
Economic charges, suited to all classes.
COX and SON's CATALOGUE of MONUMENTS,
tomb-rails, headstones, memorial brasses, mural tablets, &c., for
1868, designed by eminent architects, with prices, sent for six stamps.—
Cox and Son, ecclesiastical warehouse and show rooms, 28 and 29,
Southampton-street, Strand; manufactory, Belvedere-road, Lambeth.
MONUMENTAL.—IMPERISHABLE INSCRIP¬
TIONS on MARBLE in SOLID LEAD, introduced from Rome
by Mr. E. J. PHYSICK, sculptor, with unfailing success. Designs
(each marked at the lowest terms) for monuments, tombs, tablets, &c.,
forwarded on application, stating particulars, &c., to Mr.E.J. Physick,
The Monumental Works, 136. Marylebone-road, adioining Baker-st. W.!
