AMERICAN MAILS.—If S. J. S. will CALL at
84, Long-lane, Bermondsey, a LETTER AWAITS her.—30th
March, 1863.
STRANGER.—Interested. Thanks. Appoint an
interview, or give an address I can write to. Your communications
will be treated confidentially.
TO H. H.—The Society you allude to is dissolved,
but, if you will communicate with the Secretary of the Royal¬
Benevolent Society, or come and see him, he will place you in a position
to carry out the object you have in view. Your name shall remain a
secret.—Royal Benevolent Society, 10, Duke-street, St. James's.
LOST, in the neighbourhood of Eccleston-square, on
the 19th inst., a small BLACK and TAN TERRIER, with a
small sear on his head; answers to the name of "Zar." Age about
ears. Whoever will bring him to 21, Eccleston-square, shall be
REWARDED.
LOST, between Campden-hill and Holland-park, a

The notes are numbered 81700 and 4251—3, and payment stopped.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD will be given to anyone bringing the same
to Mr. Blake, Chymist, Silver-street, Notting-hill.
GOLD LOCKET LOST, on Saturday last, contain¬
ing black hair with the initials "F. M. W." on the hair in gold
thread. ONE POUND will be GIVEN for its recovery. Apply to
A. B., care of Secretary, Medical Society, 43, Lincoln's-inn-fields, W.C.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LOST, from 11,
Staining-lane, Gresham-street, on Monday, March 24, a GERMAN
DOG, similar in shape to a beagle; short smooth black hair, long body,
long ears, short thick black and tan coloured legs, white feet. Whoever
will bring the same to the above address shall receive the reward.
TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST.
March 18, in the neighbourhood of Kingsland, a YOUNG BLACK
RETRIEVER DOG: answers to the name of "Prince." Apply at
Le
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on 26th
inst., a BLACK POCKET-BOOK, containing memoranda,
which are of no value to any one but the owner. Whoever will bring
the same to 40, Upper Park-street, Barnsbury, shall receive the above

TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 17th
inst, near Temple-bar, a GOLD DOUBLE-CASED LEVER
WATCH, white dial, with seconds: name, "French, Royal Exchange,
No. 6,156." Attached a gold curb chain, two chased seals, and key.
Whoever will bring the above to Messrs. McGregor, army agents,
No. 17, Charles-street, St. James's, shall receive the above reward.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, in Elizabeth¬
street, about 10 o'clock, on Saturday, March 28, 1863, a BLACK
SPITZ DOG, answering to the name of "Jet." When lost he had
on a curb collar with "Harrington Balfour, Esq., Arthur Club," en¬
graved on it. Whoever will bring the same to 2, Lower Belgrave-street,

DOG LOST (ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD),
from 5, Gordon-place, Gordon-square, on Tuesday, 24th March—
a small black and tan terrier bitch, quite young. Any person restoring
her shall receive the above reward.
DOG LOST, in Hyde-park, on Wednesday, March 25
—a Pomeranian white Spitz; answers to the name of "Prince."
Had on a collar bearing owner's name. Whoever brings the same to
No. 49 Upper Grosvenor-street, shall receive THREE POUNDS RE¬

MR. ROODS, Artist.—If Mr. ROODS, who was
wounded at Delhy, in 1857, will SEND his ADDRESS to Mr.
Jenkins, postmaster, Wallingford, he will hear from an old friend.
CROZIER.—WANTED, the NEXT of KIN of
WILLIAM CROZIER, late of Tooley-street, London, cabinet
maker, recently deceased. The father of the deceased (Richard
Crozier) was a mariner in the Royal Navy, and is believed to have
been married, and to have resided in the neighbourhood of Sunderland,
about 70 years ago. Address Messrs. Terrell and Chamberlain,
solicitors, 30, Basinghall-Street, London, E.C.
MRS. PYM (nee BLAKEMAN).—Some relatives
(resident abroad) of this lady are very desirous to learn her pre¬
sent ADDRESS, or, if she should be dead, to know when and where she
died. Some years back she was residing at No. 4. Wyndham-street, and
in the Old Kent-road. Information is requested to be sent to
P. B., care of Messrs. Castle and Lamb, news agents, Salisbury-square,
London.
BE LAMBERT BLACKWELL FOSTER, de¬
ceased.—To Solicitors and other persons.—Any person who can
give any INFORMATION as to the ureparation, execution, or deposit
of a WILL or TESTAMENTARY PAPER of LAMBERT BLACK¬
WELL FOSTER, late of Fritton, in the county of Suffolk, deceased,
will oblige by communicating forthwith with Messrs. Foster, Sons,
Burroughes, and Robberds, solicitors, Norwich, there being reason to
believe that such will was placed in the hands of some gentleman for
safe custody.
EDICTAL CITATION.—OSWALD EDUARD
TRAUGOTT VON KOENIG, sohn des hierselbst verstorbenen
Rittmeisters Carl Traugott von Koenig, am 13 November, 1808, zu
Dresden geboren, bis zum Jahre 1836 Offizier im 30ten Koeniglichen
Preussischen Infanterie Regiment zu Luxenburg, spater Professor der
Sprachen und der Mathematik an der Midway Female Academy, im
Staate Virginien, in Nord Amerika, ist von dort im Jahre 1852
verschollon. Da fur den Verschollenen ein Legat von 1,000 thalern hier
verwaltet wird, von welchem ihm die Zinsen zustehen, er auch an der
Erbfolge in den Nachlass seiner am 18 November, 1861, hierselbst
verstorbenen Mutter, Amalle geborne Uhse, betheiligt ist, so wird
derselbe auf gefordert, sich in dem auf den 6ten October, 1863,
Vormittags 11 Uhr, im Gerichtszimmer, No. 1, auf dem Kéniglichen
Schlosse hierselbst anberaumten Termine schriftlich oder personlich
zu melden, widrigon Falls er fur tedt erklart werden wird, Zugleich
werden die von ihm etwa zurfickgelassenen Erben und Erbuehmer zu
diesem Termine bel Vermeidung der Ausschliessung mit ihren Ans
priichen an seinen Nachlass hiermit vorgeladen.
Konigliches Kreisgericht, I. ABTHEILUNG.
Sorau, den 6ten August, 1862.
WORTH-EAST METROPOLITAN AUDIT
DISTRICT.—PARISH of St. JOHN, HAMPSTEAD.—I, the
undersigned Thomas Wrake Ratcliff. Auditor of the above named
District, do hereby give notice, that I have APPOINTED the AUDIT
of the ACCOUNTS of the above named parish, for the half-year ended
the 25th day of March, 1863, to commence on Monday, the 13th day
of April, 1863, at half-past 11 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Board
Room, at Hampstead workhouse, when and where all persons
who by law are bound to account at such Audit are required to attend,
and to submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers containing or
relating to the accounts or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to,
the relief of the poor. — Dated the 28th day of March. 1863.
THOS. W. RATCLIFF, District Auditor.
Dean Colet-house, Stepney.
MORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.——Brentford Union.—I, the undersigned J. H.
Mitchiner, auditor of the above named district, do hereby give notice
that I have APPOINTED the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the
BRENTFORD UNION, and of the parishes therein contained (and
mentioned at the foot of this notice), for the half-year ended the
£5th day of March, 1863, to commence on Tuesday, the 14th day of
April next, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Union Workhouse,
Isleworth, whent and where all persons who by law are bound to ac¬
count at such audit are required to attend, and to submit all books,
Mdocuments, bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the accounts
or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the poor.—
Dated the 28th day of March, 1863
J. H. MITCHINER, District Auditor.
Parishes comprised in the above named Union:—Acton, Chiswick,
Ealing, Great Greenford, Hanwell, Heston, Isleworth, New Brentford,
Perivale, Twickenham. Twyford Abbey.
NOTICE. — Wimbledon-common, March 27, 1863.—
A report having obtained circulation that I am retiring from
tuition, I hereby beg to inform my friends, &c, that, on the contrary,
I shall CONTINUE (D.V.) to RECEIVE PUPILS to be prepared for
Oxford and Cambridge, the civil, military, and naval competitive ex¬
aminations, engineering, &c.—JOHN FLEMING, M.A., formerly of
Bootle, Liverpool.
MRS. ROWLES.—If the TEN PACKAGES, from
Boulogne, 5th December, 1861, in the hands of Olivier and Carr,
No. 37, Finsbury-square, are NOT REMOVED, on or before the 15th
April next, they will be SOLD to defray the expenses.
MR. D. D. HOME begs to acquaint his friends that
he finds it utterly impossible to reply to the numerous letters
which he daily receives respecting his lately published work, "Inci¬
dents in my Life."
CHRISTOPHER and Co., wine merchants, of 55,
Great Coram-street, beg to intimate that their BUSINESS will
henceforward be CONDUCTED at 118, Pall-mall, next door to the
Senior United Service Club.
BURROW's LANDSCAPE GLASSES.—Notice is
hereby given, that legal proceedings will be immediately taken
gainst all persons offering for sale field-glasses as and for the genuine
MALVERN LANDSCAPE GLASSES, and the public are CAU¬
TIONED against buying such as do not bear the names of "W. and
J. BURROW, Great Malvern," in relief upon the evepieces both of the
Sguinea and 6-guinea glasses. WM. WILKES CAWLEY.
Great Malvern.
Solicitor for the said W. and J. Burrow.
CAUTION.—FRANCESCO DRIOLI's MARA¬
SCHINO.—Whereas it has come to my knowledge, that certain
persons in England have for years past been in the habit of buying up
my empty bottles, and have latterly caused them to be made there in
mitation of mine, and have forged my seal and my label in order to
pass of their spurious liqueur as Maraschino of my manufacture, this
is to give notice to all persons so offending that I shall henceforth put in
force against them the provisions of an Act of Parliament called the
"Merchandize Marks Act of 1862," by indicting them for a misde¬
meanour, and causing them to be punished by fine and imprisonment.
Zara, Feb. 5, 1863.
F. DRIOLI.

CAUTION.—WYNAND FOCKINK's CURACAO
and other LIQUEURS.—Whereas it has come to my knowledge,
that certain persons in England have for years past been in the habit
of buying up my empty bottles, which bear my name on the punt, and
have forged my brand on the cork, my seal, and my label, in order to
pass off their spurious liqueurs as Curacao and other liqueurs of my
manufacture, this is to give notice to all persons so offending, that I
shall henceforth put in force against them the provisions of an Act of
Parliament called the "Merchandize Marks Act of 1862," by indicting
them for a misdemeanour, and causing them to be punished by fine
and imprisonment.
WYNAND FOCKINK, Amsterdam.
CAUTION.—PETER F. HEERING's CHERRY
CORDIAL or KIRSEBER.—Whereas it has come to my know¬
edge, that certain persons in England have for years past been in the
habit of buying up my empty bottles, which have my name on the
shoulder, and have forged my brand on the cork, my seal, and my
abel, in order to pass off their spurious liqueur as Cherry Cordial or
Kirseboer of my manufacture, this is to give notice to all persons so
bffending that I shall henceforth put in force against them the provi¬
sions of an Act of Parliament called the "Merchandize Marks Act
1862." by indicting them for a misdemeanour, and causing them to
be punished by fine and imprisonment.
(Signed)
PETER F. HEERING, Copenhagen.
CAUTION.—Important to the Public.—The exten¬
sive sale of the HYDROPULT has excited the cupidity of so¬
balled respectable, but in reality unprincipled manufacturers, who
are now palming on the public worthless imitations of the Hydropult,
and through their connexions are enabled to place said devices on
exhibition, and for sale, in many of the principal ironmongery and
seed establishments throughout the city and provinces. These devices
resemble in many respects the Hydropult in appearance, and are calcu¬
ated to deceive the unsuspecting, as they are often placed underor near
the Hydropult show card. The proprietor there fore issues this caution,
and respectfully intimates that parties wishing to purchase the Hydro¬
pult should examine the machine offered for sale, and see if it have
attached thereto a label, with the following words: "The Hydropult,
Portable Fire Annihilatorand Garden Engine: Griffiths and Browett,
anufacturers, Birmingham; Charles P. Button, general agent (Vose's
Patent)." Unless this label be attached, the machine is not the Hydro¬
pult. The Hydropult is made of brass and copper, weighs but 8 1b.,
and will throw eight gallons of water per minute 50 feet when worked
by the power of one man. It is the only instrument of its size that
has been recommended as an efficient fire engine by the principal fire
nsurance companies of Great Britain. They have been supplied to the
War Department as fire engines. Public and private buildings have
been saved from destruction by its agency. T. Spencer, Esq., Inspector
of the Roval Society for Protection of Life from Fire, certifies to its
ficiency in saving valuable property at Bayswater from destruction.
The Gardeners' Chronicle, Journal of Horticulture and Cottage Gar¬
ener, the Gardeners Magazine, Garden Oracle, Floral Guide, and
eminent florists and purserymen throughout the kingdom recommend
the Hydropult as an invaluable garden implement. The Hydropult
posts but two guineas, complete with 2 feet suction and 3 feet delivery
hose, galvanized wire strainer, rose or sprinkler, and small jet. The
Hydropult is invaluable for watering gardens, extinguishing fire just
commenced, protecting a roof from fire, cleansing trees from insects,
Gressing with liquid manure, sprinkling plants, washing windows,
wvetting sidewalks, springling streets, washing carriages, wetting sails,
spray bath, &c. Fire.—The Hydropult is the most efficient fire-engine
in the worid, because the most available. It can be used for all pur¬
poses for which a hydrant or force-pump is applicable, and in situations
wvhere other contrivances are useless. An illustrated prospectus, with
estimonials, sent free on application to CHARLES P. BUTTON¬
proprietor, Hydropult warehouse, 27, Leadenhall-Street, London, E.C.
est-end depot, 309, Regent-street.
MARRIAGES in HONOUR of the MARRIAGE
of the Prince of WALES.—The Incumbent of St. Thomas's,
Lambeth, last week gave notice to his poor people that he would, on
Easter Monday next, perform the marriage service without fees. Forty¬
ix couples, gladly availing themselves of the offer (which they describe
is the greatest charity that could be done them), will be married on
hat morning. Will any benevolent persons endeavour to further the
ncumbent's moral influence over these persons, and add to the kind¬
ess shown them, by ASSISTING him to provide them with a substan¬
aee
St. Thomas's Parsonage Westminster-road, S., March 26, 1863.
MR. SOMES' BILL for PROHIBITION of SUN¬
DAY SALE of INTOXICATING DRINKS.—PUBLIC MEET¬
NGS to adopt petitions to Parliament in favour thereof will be held,
THIS EVENING, in Fitzroy-hall, Little Portland-street; and To¬
horrow Evening, in Bryanston-hall, Orchard-street, Marylebone, Chair
be taken at 8 o'clock preciselyss
