AR
.
e
ad¬
PLEASE CALL for a LETTER.—L.
JO. S.—Received yours of 14th instant. Hay
been seeking for you. RETURN or WRITE, with appoin
gent to meet, or send address. Affection unabated.—D. S.
. A. June 10.—LIZZIE to F. R.—Have you re
ceived letter of Thursday? If so, reply at once to the addres
given therein. I fear some mistake has been made. There are ty
letters waiting for you.
WILL the PERSONS who INSERTED the AD
VERTISEMENT for the HEIRS of Sir FRANCIS DRAKH
in the newspapers of New York and Philadelphia, U.S., COMMUN
ATE with Dr. S. W. Beckwith, 1,220, Walnut-street, Philadelphis
YSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARED, a youns
foreigner, HEYMAN BEHRMAN by name, 20 years of age
slim figure, light hair, gray eyes, no whiskers or moustache. Was las
seen in the neighbourhood of Finsbury-square. A REWARD will
given to anyone furnishing reliable INFORMATION as to his where
abouts to Mr. Pollaky, Private Inquiry-office, 13, Paddington-green, W
E. to DECAMERON.—No answer to my advertise
ment of 11th June. I trust you are not ill. I am in grea
trouble after the struggle for existence of three years, and, through
this, the loss of ever seeing you. I cannot commence again withou
£120 in 10 days. Great losses through exhibition. Pray let me hea
from you, or I must sacrifice all I have. I could explain all better by
an interview, which could be at same place and time as our las
meetin
BELOVED SON. —Your seeret departure from hom
has caused us more anguish and suffering than I can express
In reply to this appeal I beseech you to come home, or write and tell m
where I can meet you. I now know all the causes of your depression
besides the debts you acknowledge. Most truly do I grieve for an
with you, and my heart yearns to tell you that I forgive you. Do ne
spurn a mother's love, but believe that she feels for you and that he
one desire is to see you and forward your wishes as to your futur
prospects. We are striving to keep all quiet in the hope you will
once let us hear from you, for you cannot but feel that the step you have
taken in leaving home clandestinely must bring disgrace upon us as we
as upon yourself. It is with difficulty I can fulfil my duties calmlyn
the anxious suspense I am suffering on your account.
HENRY FRANKLIN, Esq.—If HENRY FRANK
LIN, Esq., who left St. Andrew's, Argentuil, Canada East, fo
England, in August, 1851, will forward his present address to Mr.
Calvert, 89, Chancery-lane, London, he will HEAR of SOMETHIN
to his ADVANTAGE.
IF A. F. GIBSON, who lived for some years witl
Messrs. Spottiswoode, Queen's printers, or any person knowing
her present ADDRESS, will SEND the same to T. H., 4, Carpenter
street, Mount-street, they will greatly oblige the advertiser.
INFORMATION WANTED, respecting the where
abouts of WILLIAM DOLPHIN, age about,70, formerly turnpike
gatekeeper in Shropshire and adjoining countics. Left Stamford Gate
Worcestershire, in 1852. A REWARD will be given to any persor
giving the desired information to John Oakley, Corve Gate, Ludlow

SAUNDERS.—FAMILY of (JAMES, JOHN, and
FREDERICK), residing in Kensington about 1796, or the
Representatives, can HEAR of SOMETHING to their ADVAN
TAGE by applying to H. C., care of Mr. Maude, law stationer
Quality-court, Chancery-lane, E.C. The above-mentioned were con
nected with Sir John Webb, Bart., then of Great Canford, county of

THE Rev. A. J. BENNOCH, one of the Curates o
St. Giles, Camberwell, being unable personally to express hi
gratitude to those kind friends, who "in the name of the poor," latel
forwarded to him a Bank note for £100, in an anonymous letter, beg
to take this means of ACKNOWLEDGING their very munificer
GIFT.
THE COMMITTEE for MANAGING th
AFFAIRS of LLOYD's hereby give notice, that they have R.
CEIVED from Baden and Stuttgart BANK of ENGLAND NOTE
to the amount of £100, purporting to be for "Profit made on con
demned and fully insured merchandise sold in auction, not made dul
publinc
The Committee will therefore be glad to receive any communicatio
that will enable them to pay over the above sum to the persons en
titled thereto.
Lioyd's, 18th June, 1867
GEO. A. HALSTED, Secretary.
LOST, an OPERA-GLASS.—LEFT in a Hanson
CAB, on Thursday evening last, at the Prince of Wales Theatre
an OPERA-GLASS. The finder is requested to return it to the care o
L. L. Cock, Addison, and Co., 63, New Bond-street.
LOST, on Friday night, at Madame Tussaud's,
SQUARE GOLD BROOCH, the centre a diamond spray of
bine enamel. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Austin's, jewelle
High-Street, St. John's-wood, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
BRACELET LOST (FOUR POUNDS REWARD)
on Monday last, in or near the Mission Rooms, St. Luke's, Ber
wick-street, on the road to Arlington-street, Piccedilly—gold ban
bracelet, with cameo in clasp. Whoever will take the same to Mr
Webster's, 60, Piccadilly, shall receive the above reward.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Mon¬
day morning, in Eaton-square, a PUG BITCH, six years old, fat
 and has lost some front teeth answers to the name of "Ditto"
Puggie." Whoever will bring her to 5, Old Bond-street, Piccadilly
shall receive the above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, from
waistcoat pocket, an EMERALD and DIAMOND STUD. Who
ever has found and will bring the same to 429, Strand, shall receive th
above reward
METROPOLITAN POLICE-OFFICE.— FOUND
in a Hanson cab, late on the night of the 7th inst., a gentleman
DOUBLE OPERA-GLASS. Application to be made at the Lost Pro
erty office, Great Scotland-yard.
METROPOLITAN POLICE OFFICE.—
STOPPED, when offered for sale, a long, SWISS PATTERM
B GUARD CHAIN; also a Gold Book Locket, chased outside
.
in gold letters, joined together inside with loose hair, mone.
gram "E. F. V."in blue enamel garter; motto. "Bless you," roun
garter: Decr. 8th, 1863, inside clasp; gold swivel, black silk guar
attached. Application to be made at the Police Station, Bow-stree
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of En¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £130 18s.4d. Reouced £3 pe
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of SAMULS
REGINALD ROUTH, of Appleshaw, near Andover, Esquire, an
which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence ;
the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th
April, 1854;—Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of thre
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and th
Dividends thereon paid, to Eliza Routh and Thomas Lamb, executor
of Samuel Reginald Routh, deceased, who have claimed the same
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his clain
thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for th e e e ed
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £128 12s. Reduced £3 per Cen¬
Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of WILLIAM HENRY
Viscount DOWNE, and Hon. HUGH RICHARD DAWNAY, an
which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence o
the Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th Apri
1857; Notice is hereby given that on the expiration of taree month
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividend
thereon paid, to Right Hon. Hugh Richard, Viscount Downe, for
merly the Hon. Hugh Richard Dawnay, the survivor, who ha
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear an
make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ar
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £36 15s. 10d. Consolidated
£3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of JOHL
ASKEW, of Ridgmount, Beds, labourer, THOMAS ROBERTS, f a in
place, baker, JOSEPH PARKER, of Husborne Crawley, Beds, grazie
and GEORGE CAMPION, of Holcot, Beds, farmer, and which wal
transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividend
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1857; —Notic.
is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from this date
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid,t
Thomas Roberts and Josenh Parker, the survivors, who have claime
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and mak
out his claim thereto.
TO Mr. FREDERICK PARNTHER.—The latt
Miss Isubelia Parnther, formerly of Hatfield and afterwards
Hoddesdon, Herts, spinster, by her will gave to her nephew, Frederic
Parnther, son of her late brother John, £100 Three per Cent. Reduce
Annuities, provided he personally demanded of one of her executor
the transfer thereof within one year from her death, and in case suc¬
demand was not so made the said annuities were to sink into her resic
uary estate. Miss Parnther died 2d January, 1867. APPLICATIO
to be made to Mr. Orton Lucas, 50, Fenchurch-Street, London, Solic.
tor for the Executors.
FIFTH NOTICE to the NEPHEWS and NIECES
of MATTHEW CHERRY and BRIDGET CHERRY, former)
BRIDGET ROBINS, deceased.—Whereas Matthew Cherry, late of
Weston, near Weedon, in the county of Northampton, and formerl
of No. 45, Great Peter-street, Westminster, brewer, who died on th
19th day of November, 1861, by his will, dated the 2d day of July
1855, and proved in the Northampton District Court of Probate, o
the 11th day of December, 1861, by Christopher Garrett, of Tadmar
ton, in the county of Oxford, farmer (since deceased), Charles Cherry
of Marston Saint Lawrence, in the county of Northampton, farmer
and Mary Lovell, of Weston, near Weedon aforesaid widow, sinc
deceased, (the executors named in the said will), after bequeathin
certain pecuniary legacies, did give and bequeath the residue of hi
estate and effects unto the said Christopher Garrett, Charles Cherry
and Mary Lovell, upon trust, to invest the same as therein mentioned
and to pay the annual income thereof to his sister, the said Mar
Lovell, for her life, and after her death to hold the trust fund an
the annual income thereof, upon trust, for all and every the nephew
and nieces of the testator's late father, Matthew Cherry, and lat
mother, Bridget Cherry (whose maiden name was Bridget Robins)
who should come in and establish such relationship to the satisfa
tion of his said trustees or trustee within 12 calendar months afte
the decease of his said sister, Mary Lovell, and who should at the
time be resident in England, share and share alike, and the saie
testator thereby directed his said trustees or trustee to insert or cang
to be inserted six times in The Times newspaper, and six times in
Banbury newspaper, an advertisement calling upon such nephew
and nieces of his late father and mother to send in their claimst
such relationship ; and whereas the said Mary Lovell died on th
11th day of September last, now I, the undersigned, being the solicito
acting for and on behalf of the said Charles Cherry, the surviving
executor of the said testator, do hereby require all persons CLAIN
ING to be NEPHEWS and NIECES of the said late father an
mother of the said testator, on or before the 11th day of Septembe
next, to send in to me, at my office in Banbury, in the county of Ox
ford, the particulars and evidence of their claims to such relationshi
and to establish such claims to the satisfaction of the said Charl
Cherry; and I further give notice that all claims which are not estal
lished to the satisfaction of the said Charles Cherry on or before th
said 11th day of September next, will be absolutely forfeited. —Date

JOHN FORTESCUF Solicitor to the said Charles Cherry
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG
LAND.—No. 3957.—The QUEEN OF THE ISLES.—Whereas
cause of mortgage has been instituted in the High Court 
Admiralty of England, on behalf of Colin Campbell Wyllic, 
No. 80, Gordon-street, Glasgow, in Scotland, the registered mortgageeo
the screw steamer Queen of the Isles, against the said vessel, now lyin
at Briton Ferry, in the port of Swansea, under arrest, by virtue of
warrant issued from the registry of the said court, and no appearand¬
has been entered in the said cause ; This is to give notice, to a
persons who have or claim to have any RIGHT, Title, or Interes
in the said VESSEL Queen of the Isles, that, if an appearance
the said cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court withil
six days from the publication of this notice, the Judge of the sail
Court will order the said vessel to be sold to answer the claims inst
tuted or to be instituted against the same, or make such order in th
premises as to him shall seem right. —Dated the 15th day of June, 186.
(L.S.)
H. C. ROTHERY, Registrar.
Notice of Sale of Ship taken out by Toller and Sons, 5, Dean's-cour
Doctors'-common.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE (th
Principal Registry).—To MARY SHEPHERD, widow, late
Barrow-upon-Humber, in the county of Lincoln, but now supposed
be living in the State of Ohio, in America.—Take notice, that
CITATION has issued, under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Prebate
dated the 30th day of May, 1867, whereby you and Tamar Wood, wif
of Thomas Wood, Eliza Horn, wife of George Horn, Mcrup Whit
wife of Oswell White, Tirza Lowe, wife of William Lowe, Alfre
William Howell, Caroline Roberts, wife of William Roberts, and Louis
Whincup, wife of Charles Richard Whincup, are cited to appear withi
30 days after service thereof, and accept or refuse letters of administre
tion (with the will annexed) of all and singular the personal estate and
effects of John Howell, late of Wisbech Saint Peter's, in the county o
Cambridge, coal merchant and shipowner, your late brother, deceased
or show cause why the same should not be granted to John Henson
a creditor of the said deceased, with an intimation that in default
your appearance, and the appearance of the other persons so cited, th
said letters of administration, with the said will annexed, will 
granted to the said John Henson.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
BROOKS and DU BOIS, 7, Godliman-Street, Doctors'-common.
Proctors for the said John Henson.
Have been for nearly 21 years investigating th
value of shape in relation to volume in different branches of ec¬
nomie science, and on the 11th June current I finally solved the pro
blem discovering simultaneously the square of the circle, the key
the pyramid of Cheops, and the value of the number seven. Th
problem is of vast importance, and I wish, through the columns
The Times, to prove the date of my "instantia crucis' and its truth
the base of the world's evidence in a series of seven letters.—WILLIAY
HARVEY, 10, Albert-terrace, Albert-gate, London.
STRONOMERS.—The advertiser is desirous o
meeting with some gentleman who has leisure time, to ASSIS.
him in promulgating (in such manner as may be considered most ad
visable) certain wonderful truths relating to the lost knowledge o
theoretical astronomy. The advertiser is a stranger in Europe, and
that is the reason he seeks for some one to assist him. The solence cal
be rendered exceedingly remunerative. In first instance apply, bj
letter, to H. M., Messrs. Snowden's, 6, St. Paul's churchyard.
