is GRATEFUL for conmunication from sweet
home.
BROTHER to JANE.—Perfectly safe, at No. 10.
WRITE in full.
J. H. T. is requested to CALL or SEND his
ADDRESS to South-square.
CAPTAIN A. R. C. is earnestly requested to COM
MUNICATE, immediately, with his land agent.
LOB.—I have received some money for you. How
shall I send it ?—C. TAMBIEN.
INON.—Was violent cruelty necessary to stop what
was not to your taste?. Can I finally write you through the post
This will appear on the happy 18th.—B. L.
TWO HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—AB¬
SCONDED, since Friday, 4th January, 1867, charged on a war¬
rant, signed by the Lord Mayor, with stealing diamonds and other
valuable property of a similar description, SAMUEL SICHMON,
late of 123, Camden-road-villas, Camden-town, Middlesex; about 38 or
40 years of age, 5 feet 8 or 9 inches high, stout built, sallow com¬
plexion, slight whiskers, beard, and moustache black hair, full fat
face, rather small nose, insinuating manners. Description of his wife,
who is supposed to have gone with him, having in her possession the
stolen diamonds or other valuable property:—LINA SICHMON, about
33 years of age, middle height, slender figure, fair complexion, blue
eyes, very short-sighted, has two or three false teeth in upper jaw.
The above reward of £200 will be paid to any person who will give
such information as shall lead to the apprehension and conviction of
the said Samuel Sichmon. Information to be given to Inspector
Hamilton, City of London Police Detective-office, Old Jewry, E.C.—
London, 14th March, 1867.
LOST, on Monday, 11th February, a GOLD HUNT¬
ING WATCH, with gold dial, and crest of Griffin's head on
centre of outer case: made by Williamson, Royal Exchange, No. 1716.
Whoever will bring the same to Mr. C. Webb, 1, Royal Exchange, shall
receive FOURTEEN POUNDS REWARD.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, in Sloane-square,
on Friday, the 15th, a BLACK RETRIEVER DOG, with brass
collar. Whoever will bring the same to 13, Cottage-road, Eaton-square,
shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a small
ACCOUNT-BOOK, bound in calf, with a brass clasp. Whoever
will bring the same to Messrs. Parry and Garnham, chymists, Welling¬
ton-street, London-bridge, shall immediately receive the above re¬
ward, and no further reward will be offered.
TEN POUNDS REWARD. —To Cabmen and others.
—LEFT in a Hansom CAB, which took up a gentleman in West¬
bourne-grove, and set down at corner of Chapel-road, Notting-hill, on
Wednesday evening, March 13th, about 9 o'clock, a CASH BOX,
wrapped in brown paper, containing a £10 country note (Baldock and
Biggleswade Bank), deposit note on National Bank, and other securi¬
ties, all of which are of no use but to the owner, payment being
stopped. The above reward will be paid on the delivery of the above
to Porter's library, 15, Westbourne-grove.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday,
THREE BANK of ENGLAND NOTES (numbers stopped at
Bank, eight Soversigns, and a Crystal Palace Season Ticket. Who¬
ever has found them and will bring them to T. Harwood, 153, Shore¬
ditch will receive the reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday,
22d February, in Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, a small WHITE
TERRIER BITCH, ears and tail not cut. Whoever will bring the
same to Long's Hotel, New Bond-street, shall receive the above re¬
ward.
FOUND, on Saturday, the 9th inst., a RING.
Apply, by letter, giving a full description, to Z., post-office, East¬
FOUND, a BLACK, CURLY-COATED RE¬
TRIEVER, white spot on the chest. The owner can have
the same by paying all expenses. If not owned within seven days, will
be SOLD.—George Loader, Green-yard, King-street, Regent-street.
FOUND, a BLACK and WHITE SHE GOAT, long
coat, with horns. The owner can have the same by paying all
expenses. If not owned within seven days, will be SOLD.—George
Loader, Green-yard, King-street, Regent-street.
DOG FOUND, on the 3d of March, on Clapham¬
common-a large, half-bred Newfoundland. Had on a broken
muzzle. The owner can have the same by giving a description and
paying all expenses. Apply at 163, Manor-Street, Clapham. If not
owned within seven days will be sold
TO Captain RIPPON.—Notice.— Unless the GOODS
deposited in my warehouse Feb. 12, 1862, are REMOVED, and
the charges due thereon paid within one month, they will be SOLD to
defray expenses.— GEORGE MADDOX, 21, Baker-street, W., March
the 18th, 1867.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Redug
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £38 17s. 1d. Consolidated £3
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of NORTH
NAYLOR SAVERY, of St. Thomas's Hospital, Trustee to SER¬
VINGTON SAVERY, of South Hykeham, Lincolnshire, and which
was transterred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the
Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July,
1834; —Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid, to James Alfred Hallett and Charles Oliver Frederick
Cator, executors of Bertie Cornelius Cator, who was sole executor of
North Naylor Savery, who have claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £104 10s. 6d. Consoli¬
dated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
CHARLES FREDERICK BROWNE, of Mount-street, Walworth,
plumber; and CLARISSA SARAH RAWLINS, of Ann's-terrace,
Walham-green, spinster, and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed since the 5th January, 1856;—Notice is hereby given that,
on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will
be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Charles Frede¬
rick Browne and Clarissa Sarah Rawlins, who have claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his
claim thereto.,
MUSEUM of PRACTICAL GEOLOGY, Jermyn¬
street.—Notice.—This MUSEUM is now OPEN from 10 a.m. to
10 p.m. on Mondays and Saturdays. Admission free. By order.
THE following PETITION will shortly be pre¬
sented to Parlament.—To the Hon, the Commons of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled,—
The humble petition of the undersigned, sheweth,—
That the exclusion of frecholders, householders, and ratepayers,
legally qualified in every respect but that of sex, from the power of
voting in the election of Members of your Hon. House, by depriving a
considerable portion of the property, the industry, and the intelligence
of the country of all direct representation, is injurious both to the per¬
sons excluded and to the community at large.
That women are competent, both by law and in fact, to carry on a
business, to administer an estate, and to fill other positions, which, both
by investing them with interests requiring political representation, and
by affording tests of fitness, are usually considered to give a claim to
the suffrage.
That the admission of such persons to the privilege of the franchise
would be a measure in harmony with the principles of our representa¬
tive system, while its beneficial effects would not be attended by any
possibility af dangerous political consequences.
Your petitioners therefore humbly pray that your Hon. House
will take such measures as to your wisdom may seem ft for granting
the suffrage to unmarried women and widows on the same conditions
on which it is, or may be, granted to men.
And your petitioners will ever pray.
Gentlemen or ladies desiring to attach their signatures are requested
to send for copies to the Hon. Sec., Mrs. Bodichon, 5, Blandford-¬
square, London, N.W.
A Second Petition from unmarried women and widows possessed of
the property qualification will also be presented, and may be obtained
for signature by ladies possessing such qualification.
DISSOLUTION of PARTNERSHIP.—We, the
undersigned Robert Murray Smith and John Strachan, hereby
give notice that the PARTNERSHIP heretofore existing between us
as merchants and commission agents, and carried on in the city of Mel¬
bourne, in the colony of Victoria, under the style or firm of "Smith,
Strachan, and Co.," has this day been DISSOLVED by mutual consent,
and that the business (except so far as regards the agency of the Pacific
Insurance Company) will in future be carried on by Robert Turnbull
and Robert Murray Smith, under the style or firm of "Turnbull, Smith,
and Co." Robert Murray Smith will discharge all the liabilities of, and
receive all the debts owing to the late firm; and John Strachan will dis¬
charge all the liabilities and receive all moneys due in respect of the
agency of the Pacific Insurance Company.—Dated at Melbourne, the
31st day of December, 1866.
ROBT. MURRAY SMITH.
JOHN STRACHAN.
Witness Arthur P. Blake, solicitor, Melbourne.
CAUTION.—No ENGLISH KREOSOTE is
genuine unless with "Morson's" name and trade mark on labels.
Hydro-carbon of foreign origin is being offered as English Kreosote,
and we, the sole English manufacturers, will not guarantee any unless
bearing our name and trade mark,
MORSON and SON.
Nos. 31, 33, and 124. Southampton-row, Russell-square,
London, W.C.
CAUTION to the WINE TRADE.—LOUIS
ROEDERER's "CARTE BLANCHE" CHAMPAGNE.—In the
Second Chamber of the Imperial Court of Paris of the 6th February,
1865, in the cause of Louis Roederer v. Theophile Roederer and Co.,
judgment was given in favour of the plaintiff; and it was decreed that
"The defendants shall be bound to insert henceforth in their adver¬
tisements, invoices, and prospectuses, as on their brands, labels, and
corks—1st. The Christian name of Theophile. 2nd. The following
note, 'Established in 1864"; and further, "that this Christian name, and
this note, must appear there in letters of the same dimensions, and
of the same shape, as the name of Roederer." For the decree in full,
see The Times, of the 27th March, 1865; Manchester Guardian,
8th April; Liverpool Mercury, 14th July; Liverpool Courier, 25th July;
Liverpool Daily Post, 2rd August.—Mr. Louis Roederer, by his agent
in England, again draws attention to the above decision of the Court
of Appeal, given at Paris on the 6th February, 1865, and in order to
avoid confusion of brands, and disappointment, requests the patrons
of his brand, always to mention his Christian name of Louis, when
ordering his "Carte Blanche" Champagne. —Reims, December, 1866.
Note.—Mr. Louis Roederer employs no travellers, and his transac¬
tions in this country are confinedto licensed English wine merchants.
SATURDAY HALF-HOLYDAY.—MARSHALL
and SNELGROVE beg respectfully to intimate that their
BUSINESS PREMISES are now CLOSED on SATURDAYS at TWO
O'CLOCK. In order to facilitate and extend this movement, it is
hoped that ladies will supply their wants on Saturdays prior to the
hour fixed for closing.—Vere-street and Oxford-street, March, 1867.
MESSRS. SWAN and EDGAR, with a view to re¬
move all misapprehension as to their HOUR of CLOSING on
SATURDAYS, beg to announce that they have adopted FOUR¬
O'CLOCK on that day, all the year round, as the hour best adapted to
the convenience of the public and to promote the interests both of em¬
ployers and employed.—39 to 53, Regent-street, and 9 to 11, Piccadilly
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—PELLATT and Co.,
glass manufacturers to the Queen, are REMOVING from
the Baker-street Bazaar to No. 25, Baker-street.
DR. S. AUSTEN PEARCE has REMOVED to
37, Queen's-gardens, Lancaster-gate, W. Professional commu¬
nications may be sent to his publishers, Messrs. Robert Cocks and
Co., 6, New Burlington-street, W.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, 2, Southampton¬
buildings, Holborn.—Mr. BENTLEY, late Sheriff's officer, having
had 20 years' experience, undertakes INQUIRIES of all kinds, re¬
quiring secrecy and despatch. All matters connected with the Divorce
and other Law Courts attended to. Rents collected.
BOLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY-OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES in England and on the continent in¬
stituted with secrecy and despatch by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington¬
green, London, W.
THE SOHO BAZAAR.—The new ADDITIONAL
ENTRANCE into Oxford-street, with the enlargement, is now
CONTINENTAL TOUR for YOUNG LADIES.—
A gentleman, who intends sending his daughter abroad, in charge
of two ladies, who have been accustomed to travel under similar cir¬
cumstances, seeks COMPANIONS for her in the tour. It is proposed
to visit the principal places of interest in North Italy, the Tyrol, &c.,
and to occupy two or three months' time. The party to be limited to
four, exclusive of the ladies in charge, and it is believed that 100
guineas each would amply suffice to defray all necessary expenses.
s
—
THE most beautiful INVENTION of MODERN
TIMES.—MOTHER-OPEARL CARDS and PAPER in colours
and designs, a most exquisits article for ladies and gentlemen's cards,
ball programmes, circulars, &c. Price list and patteras on application
to BRICE, BROTHERS, 5, Torrington-place, Gordon-sq., London, W

NEW CHURCHES and RESTORATIONS.—
HASSOCKS, Kneelers, Cushions, Cocoanut Matting and Mats,
Kamptulicon flooroloth, &c. Clergymen, churchwardens, and others,
requiring these articles, are respectfully invited to apply for estimates
to the manufacturer. T. TRELOAR, 67, Ludgate-hill, London.
PUGH, BROTHERS (Lincoln's-inn Heraldic-office).
—MONOGRAMS designed and engraved on dies for stamping
paper, in the highest style of art. Whatman's hand-made and other
stationery; illuminated, relief, and plain stamping. Manual of
Heraldry, 3s.—Great Turnstile, Lincoln's-inn, W.C.
FOR FAMILY ARMS (Lincola's-inn Heraldic¬
office), send name and county, Sketch, 3s. 6d., or stamps. Arms
painted and engraved on seals, dies, &c. Official seals and presses,
boekplates, presentation addresses, stationery.—PUGH, BROTHERS,
Great Turnstile, Lincoln's-inn, W.C.
WHAT is YOUR CREST, and What is Your
Motto? Send name and county to CULLETON's heraldic
office, with 3s. 6d. for a plain drawing; in heraldic colours, 6s. The
arms of man and wife blended. The proper colours for servants'
livery. Fee 10s. Pedigrees traced. Crests engraved on seals, dies, or
book plates, 7s. 6d. The Manual of Heraldry, 3s. 6d. Culleton's
Book of Family Crests and Mottoes, 4,000 engravings, £10 10s., printed
in colours.—T. Culleton, seal engraver, 25, Cranbourn-street, corner
of St. Martin's-lane.
