DEAR TED.—Do write and see me.

ROTH SEPTEMBER, 1865.— Pray let me hear from
you. Direct W., 15, Charing-cross, S.W.
—Mr. SIMPSON has LEFT LONDON. Meet
at the place stated in last advertisement. He will call at the
Bank mentiened.—C. Nicholls, private inquiry office, 34, Arundel¬
street, Strand (removed from Devereux-court).
CIVIL SERVICE of INDIA.—The GENTLEMEN
who, at the recent competition, were 59, 62. 68, 70, 71, 72. 80, 81,
84, 85, 93, 98, 102, 116, 117, 121, 134, 136, 141, 145, 148, 150, 153, 160,
165, 183, 190, 204, 205, 208, in order of merit, are requested to favour
the advertiser with their NAMES and ADDRESSES.—M.A., care of
J. L. Syms, Esq., 7, Furnival's-inn.
BANK of ENGLAND NOTES, O.R 06092 and OR.
66093.— Any person HOLDING HALVES of the above NOTES
is requested to COMMUNICATE with Mr. Wynne, Passenger Depart¬
ment, G.N.R., King's-cross Station, London.
LOST, on Thursday evening, 8th inst., a PURSE,
containing three £10 notes and gold, and some memoranda.
TWO POUNDS REWARD if taken to the Manager of the Euston
Hotel.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday,
August 6th, a gentleman's GOLD RING, set with diamonds
and rubies (one ruby missing).
finding the same, and
taking it to Messrs. Henningham and Hollis, 5, Mount-street, shall re¬
ceive the above reward.
COURIER BAG, red leather, DROPPED in the
Poultry, or King William-street, on Thursday night, contained a
small book and papers, marked "First London Engineers." TEN
SHILLINGS REWARD on restoration to Head-quarters of the Corps.

FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the Lon¬
don and South-Western Railway between Ryde and London,
on the 18th July last, a BLACK LEATHER BAG, marked "L. C.,"
in large white letters, and addressed to "L. Craven, Esq., 7, Queen's¬
gate-terrace, Kensington," and containing wearing apparel, yachting
glasses, &c. Whoever will take the same and its contents to 44, Gresham¬
street, city, London, shall receive the above reward.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, or Left
in a Cab, on the 5th inst between Waterloo Station and the
Grosvenor Hotel, a BLACK LEATHER BAG, containing a small
japanned tin cash box, documents, letters, and papers, addressed to
Mr. H. Peltzer, Buenos Ayres, which can only be of value to the owner.
The cash box contained papers, and a few diamonds, one breast pin
with old-fashioned setting of diamonds. Whoever will bring the same
to Messrs. Stoltenhoff and Brilgmann, 19 a, Coleman-street, E.C., shall
receive the above reward.
FOUND, on Friday evening between Marylebone-¬
street and Oxford-street, a CHEQUE. It will be returned to
the owner upon mentioning the name and the amount. Apply to B.
Solomon, 21, Fitzroy-street, Fitzroy-square.
DIAMOND RING.—STOPPED, when offered for
pledge, on the 14th June last, supposed to have been stolen, a
GOLD RING, with seven diamonds in cluster. Now at Bishopsgate
Police Station.
MR. SALFELD is requested to FETCH AWAY
the TRAVELLING PORTMANTEAU and HAT CASE left by
him at Holloway's Hotel, Dover-street, Piccadilly, in July, 1866, within
seven days from this date or the same, together with the contents, will be
SOLD to pay expenses. —Holloway's Hotel, August 9th, 1867
IF MARIA DUNNINGHAM, a daughter of the
late William Dunningham, of Great Bromley, Essex, farmer who
some years since was a hawker or pediar at Portsea, will APPLY to
Mr. Benjamin Dines, of Elmstead, Essex, pork butcher, she will HEAR
of something to her ADVANTAGE.
ONE THOUSAND POUNDS REWARD.—In
th year 1769 the following advertisement appeared, viz.:—
"MOUNTENEY RICHARD.—Heir-at-Law Wanted. About 1680
he was seized of St. Saviour's mill and dock ond other freehold estates
in Bermondsey. The heir at-law on applying to Mr. Hill, East-lane,
Rotherhithe, will be informed of his title to an estate in that parish
of considerable value."—Any person who can give INFORMATION
as to the date and place of death of the said Richard Mounteney, the
discovery of his will, the title deeds of the aforesaid property, or any
other information that will lead to the RECOVERY of the above
said PROPERTY by the rightful heir is requested to communicate
with Mr. Cullmer, 17, Southampton-buildings, Chancer-lane, W. C.
TO GENEALOGISTS and FAMILIES, connected
with the old families who were settled in JAMAICA during the
last two centuries.—In the year 1793 four young children arrived in
England from Jamaica, under the care of some negro servants; they
are said to have been the children of Thomas Milward, of Jamaica,
by his wife, Elizabeth Crowder Nixon, who is said to have died during
her voyage from Jamaica. They were at first taken care of by Sir
Robert and Lady Preston, of Valleyfield, Perthshire, and Downing¬
street, London, who told them that their friends and relations were in
Scotland and the north of England; but as they were taken away a few
years afterwards from all communication with that family, all trace
has been lost of the friends who knew them at that time. But a deed of
settlement, dated 1793,has recently been discovered, by which property in
Jamaica was settled upon Elizabeth Crowder Nexon and her children;
the names of the trustees to that deed being Mr. Sutherland, of Dun¬
robin, in Jamaica; Mr. Rigby Pennoyre Brodbelt; Mr. Johnstone,
of Annandale; and Mr. Beckford Ellis; but the estates are now in
the occupation of other persons. They are, however, believed to have
been the heirs of considerable property in other directions, and were
particularly distinguished for their personal appearance ; and their
portraits in a picture by Russell, now exhibited at the National Por¬
trait Gallery at Kensington bear ample testimony to their great
beauty. As their descendants are now in great poverty, any informa¬
tion which may lead to the recovery of any hereditary property to
which they may have been entitled, will be thankfully received and
liberally rewarded. Address to E. G. M. B., care of Mr. Frederick
May, 9, King-street, St. James's, London.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £532 12s. 6d. Consolidated
£3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of EMELIA
MOUNT, of Lansdowne-place west, Bath, widow, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends there¬
on having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1857; Notice is
hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Transferred and the Dividends thereon paid to
Emelia Mount, widow, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim there
to.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £50 Consolidated £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of ARTHUR PROCTOR
PICKERING, of Lincoln's-inn, Esquire, and which was transferred to
the said Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends thereon hav¬
ing remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1857;—Notice is hereby
given that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said
Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to Arthur
Proctor Pickering, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
ATLANTIC and GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY.
Scheme for reconstruction of anniail. See MONEY MARKET
REVIEW, this day
AS the SECRETARY of the HULL RECHABITE
SAVINGS' FUND and EQUITABLE LOAN SOCIETY,
having authorized the printing and publishing of part of their rules
with the certificate of John Tidd Pratt, Esq., the Registrar of Friendly
Societies, affixed thereto (such rules not being the whole as certified
by him), I have made myself liable to be prosecuted; but on my pub¬
licly ACKNOWLEDGING that I was ACTING ILLEGALLY by
printing and circulating such certificate, with a part of the rules, not
being the whole of them as certified, John Tidd Pratt, Esq., the Regis¬
trare of Friendly Societies, has kindly consented not to take proceed¬
ings against me.
C. FIRBY.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 454.—Upper Green-ends,
Bletchley, Bucks.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th
Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the application
of JOHN NEAL, of No. 18, Edgware-road, St. Marylebone, in the
county of Middlesex, jeweller, the Registrar intends, at the ex¬
piration of three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER
with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS called or known
as Upper Green-ends, in the parish of Bletchley, in the county of
Buckingham, containing 27 acres 2 roods and 10 perches or thereabout,
in the tenure or eccupation of John Holdom, formerly constituting two
closes, called respectivelh Upper Green-ends and Lower Green-ends,
and which said heriditaments are bounded on or towards the north¬
west by the public road from Bletchley to Fenny Stratford on or to¬
wards the south by the public road from Bletchley to Water Eaton,
and on or towards the west partly by the London and North-Wes tern
Railway partly by property of the London and North-Western Railway
Company, and partly by property of the Reverend William Bennett,
Rector of Bletchley, and are delineated on the map No. 454, deposited in
the Office of Land Registry as part of the description of the same here¬
ditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with the mines and
minerals under the same. If any person objects to, or desire to show
cause against, such registration, or claims that the same should be sub¬
ject to any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate
or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted
before the Registrar, should be entered on the register, such person
may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn¬
fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three months, per¬
sonally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to
make such objection to or to show cause against, or to make such claim
in respect of such registration. But any person desiring to make such
objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particu¬
lars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the said office
before the expiration of the said three months, otherwise he will be
excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map may be inspected
at the said office at any time before the expiration of the said three
months. — Dated this 10th day of August, 1867.
O. D. MORDAUNT. Chief Clerk.
PATTISON, WIGG, GURNEY, and KING, 50, Lombard-street,
E.C., Solicitors to the Applicant.
CAUTION to SHIPPERS of MAGNESIA.—The
undersigned have received information thatFLUID MAGNESIA,
purporting to be their manufacture, has been extensively shipped to
India and the colonies. They beg, therefore, to advise merchants
and consumers to see that each bottle has on it their trade label
and the name "Dinneford." Under the Act 25 and 26 Vic., cap. 63,
forgery of trade labels is severely punishable.
DINNEFORD and Co.
No. 172. New Bond-street, London, Jan. 1, 1867.
CAUTION.—Trade Marks Act.—Users of crucibles
are cautioned against IMITATIONS of the PATENT PLUM¬
BAGO CRUCIBLES, manufactured under MORGAN's PATENT.
None are genuine unless stamped in full "Morgan's Patent."—The
Patent Plumbago Crucible Company, Battersea Works, London, S.W.
Paris Exhibition, 1867, awarded the only first class medal for crucibles.
CAUTION.—In Chancery: "Field v. Lewir."—On
the3d of August, 1867, the plaintiffs in the above cause obtained
a perpetual injunction against the defendant for infringing their (plain¬
tilfs rights as proprietors of the title of "United Service," wheh ap¬
plied to SOAP; and Messrs. FIELD hereby caution the public against
imitations of their well-known articles. Each tablet is stamped J. C.
and J. Field, London, and all parties infringing their rights and privi¬
leges render themselves liable to proceedings.
CAUTION.—EUGENE CLICQUOT's CHAM¬
PAGNE.—Notice to the Wine Trade.—The purchasers of my
wines are requested particularly to observe the brand "Engene
Clicquot," as established and adhered to by me upwards of 20 years,
having been duly registered according to the law of France, the 27th
May, 1845. In the event of any Champagnes being sold or offered,
purporting to be mine but not bearing by brand, or bearing any fraud¬
ulent imitation of it, I request that immediate information thereof
may me given to me, or to my solicitors, Messrs. Vallance and
Vallance, 20, Essex-street, Strand, London, W.C. The corks and lables
are clearly marked. —Dated this 2oth day of July, 1867
EUGENE CLICQUOT, Reims.
NOTICE.—BURROW's (MALVERN) GLASSES.
—For the future the eyepieces of Burrow's first-class Binoculars
will be embossed "W. and J. Burrow, Malvern." Proceedings will be
taken against imitators of this trade mark. Mr. Arnold, 72, Baker¬
street, W., and Messrs. Wales and McCulloch, 56, Cheapside, and
No. 22, Ludgate-nill, are the sole retail London agents for these glasses.
Malvern, May, 1867.
W.
J. BUBROW.
ADULTERATION. —Public Notice. —Act 25
and 26 Vict., cap. 88.—Several makers of cheap baking powders
having imitated the wrappers of BORWICK's ORIGINAL BAKING
POWDERS so closely that consumers have been deceived thereby, to
the injury of the reputation of Borwick's Baking Powder, this is to
give notice, that, for the better protection of the public, the under¬
signed has adopted an entirely NEW TRADE LABEL (duly regis¬
tered), and to imitate which is felony.
All persons forging the labels will be prosecuted under the Act 25

GEORGE BORWICK.
No. 24. Chiswell-street, February, 1866.
SATURDAY HALF HOLYDAY.—D. B.
JOHNSTONE and Co. beg to inform the public that they will
CLOSE their DRAPERY and FURNISHING WAREHOUSES at
TWO O'CLOCK on SATURDAYS all the year round.—109, 110, 111,
112, Edgware-road, close to the Edgware-road Station on the Metropo¬
litan Railway, and five minutes walk from the Great Western Railway.
REMOVAL.—Messrs. CHUBB and SON beg to
announce the REMOVAL of their SAFE MANUFACTORY
from West Smithfield to their newly-erected premises, Chubb's Safe
Works Glengall-road, Old Kent-road, S.E.
NOTICE.—Holborn Valley Improvements.—
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA, REMOVED from No. 1 to (tem¬
rary premises 103, Hatton-garden.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—We beg to inform our
friends and the public that on and after the 12th of August
we shall conduct our business of advertising and newspaper agents
at No. 5, Serle-street, instead of at No. 11.
8th August, 1867.
STREET, BROTHERS.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—THOMAS
BALCHIN, 21 years city detective officer, is prepared to under¬
take private confidential, and important inquiries with secresy and
despatch. Terms reasonable.—Offices, 58, London-wall.
SWIMMING TAUGHT, in Six or Eight Lessons,
no matter what age or how nervous of water. Completion
guaranteed for one guinea. Lessons any hour of the day, at the Lam¬
beth Baths, by Professor BECKWITH and his experienced-assistant,
Mr. T. ATTWOOD. Schools attended within 50 miles of London.
The highest of testimonials from noblemen, gentlemen, and the various
educational institutions of England.
