. P. is requested to CALL immediately on friend in
Nnightsbridge, or WRITE there
BISHOP of LONDON's FUND.—The Hon. Secre¬
taries beg to ACKNOWLEDGE, very gratefully, the RECEIPT of
a REGISTERED LETTER, with a note for £5, from "M. Y. N."—
Office, 46A, Pall-mall.
RETHNAL-GREEN DISPENSARY (BUILDING
FUND).—The Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE TEN
GUINEAS from Messrs. Combe, Delafield, and Co. (through Rev. C.
Coke, St. James's Parsonage, Bethnal-green), being the 31st of 40 sums
of £10 required to pay the builder's last instalment.
NOPING in VAIN MONTH AFTER MONTH.—
The anxiety
tho mutual. If you met a friend for
the last time in the Es'se-road, August, 1864, say in your next
advertisement where a letter can be addressed to you. Something
important to tell you. Delay in answering yours of the 12th May
unavoidable.
JOHN FIRTH, who a few years since resided in
Naples, is requested to COMMUNICATE with W. N., post office,
Monkstown, Dublin, and he will hear of something interesting. — May,
LEFT his HOME, on Friday morning last, between
6 and 7 o'clock, a GENTLEMAN, age 52, height 5 feet 9 inches,
complexion dark, dark blue eyes, black hair, and gray whiskers.
Dressed in a dark blue overcoat, knitted woollen vest, black trowsers
of ribbed cloth, boots laced in front (with toe-eaps), light gray worsted
stockings, flannel under-shirt, and red printed over-shirt, also wearing
a flannel belt. Was last seen in Exmouth-Street, Clerkenwell, about
6.45 a.m., June 8th. Any person who will give INFORMATION which
will lead to the recovery of the party shall be REWARDED. Address
No. 159, Goswell-road.
—
LOST, on Friday morning, in an omnibus, or in the
neighbourhood of Gracechurch-street, a SEALSKIN PURSE,
containing gold and silver. Any one taking it to J.
care of the
porter's lodge, 7. Mincing-lane, shall be liberally REWARDED.
LOST, at Holderness-house, on Thursday, June 7th,
a PEARL BRACELET, with Diamond Clasps. If any lady
has by chance found it, she is requested to send it to 22, Park-street,
Grosvenor-square, W.

LOST, on Friday, June 8, a small BLACK
LEATHER BAG, containing papers. The bag is marked with
the name of Mr. Joshua Williams, Neath. Any person bringing the
bag with its contents to 46, Parliament-street, Westminster, shall be
liberally REWARDED.
LOST, supposed to have been in the neighbourhood
of Grosvenor-square, beteenw 5 and 7 o'clock Thursday even¬
ing, a GOLD CROSS, set with garnets. Any person finding the same
and taking it to Messrs. Henningham and Hollis, post office, Mount¬
street. Grosvenor-square, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, near Albert-gate, Hyde-park, or in a Hansom
CAB, from Albert-gate to Queen's-gate-terrace, a PURSE, con¬
taining a £5 note, £5 or £6 in gold, and some silver, a plain gold ring,
and small gold horseshoe. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Bolton's
library, Knightsbridge, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, Friday, June 8, between Marshall and Snel¬
grove's, Vere-street, and Pivet's, Regent-street, a GOLD
BRACELET, with locket attached. Whoever will bring the same to
o. 14. Bury-place, Bloomsbury, shall receive TWO POUNDS RE¬
WARD
LEFT in a Hansom, hired near Temple-bar, which
took a gentleman to Messrs. Phillips', Cockspur-street, and
then to the Alexandra Hotel, a small BOX, containing a sapphire and
diamond pin and coral chain. Any one bringing the same to the
Alexandra Hotel, Hyde-park, shall be REWARDED.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at the Queen s
Ball, on Tuesday, a small EMERALD and DIAMOND DROP.
The above reward will be paid to any person bringing the same to
Messrs. Garrard's, 25, Haymarket.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the
4th or early on the 5th June, a LEATHER POCKET-BOOK,
containing Bank notes (numbers known), memoranda, &c. Apply
at 1, Richmond-street, Caledonian-road. No further reward will be
offered.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST (supposed at the
Royal Academy on 8th June), between the hours of 11 and 2, a
TORTOISESHELL DOUBLE EYE-GLASS, with gold chain and
double gold ring attached. To be brought to Steel's, 2, Spring¬
gardens.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, between
Cornhill and Basinghall-Street, EIGHT £5 BANK of ENGLAND
NOTES, Nos. 90901 to 8, dated 13th April, 1866. Apply to Lawrence,
Brothers, merchants, 22, Basinghall-street, E.C.
DEBECCA WEIR, deceased.—LOST, the ORI¬
GINAL LAST WILL and TESTAMENT of REBECCA WEIR,
therein described as of India. The will is supposed to have
been lost in London in or about the year 1854. Whosoever has found
the same and will forward it to Mr. James Carter, of No. 6, Wellington¬
place, Stepney, E., shall be REWARDED
FOUND, on 8th of May last, near the Marble Arch,
a LIGHT FAWN POMERANIAN DOG. Lost some of front
teeth, and rough about the face. If not claimed within seven days
will be SOLD to defray expenses.—2, Wyndham-mews, Upper Mon¬

DOG FOUND, of the Russian breed. The owner
may have it by giving full description of it, and by paying ex¬
penses. If not owned before the 14th inst will be SOLD to defray
ses. Apply to W. Grey, 194, Brompton-road, S.W.
HEIRS WANTED.— British, colonial, and foreign
properties remain unclaimed. Families entitled to any lost
left between 1740 and 1866, may procure information at
RICHARDS', foreign agency, 10, Gloucester-street, Queen-square,
W.C. Property recovered on commission.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £100 Consolidated £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of JOSEPH PORTER, of
Hemel Hempstead, Herts, stationer, and MARIA PORTER, his
wife, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in conse¬
quence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the
5th July, 1826;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon Paid, to Maria Porter, widow, the survivor, who
has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
TO ARCHITECTS.—The Trustees of the parish of
St. Mary, Islington, in the county of Middlesex, hereby give
notice, that they have AWARDED PREMIUMS for the three sets of
PLANS received for their New Workhouse, distinguished as follows:—
"In Forma Pauperis," "Elego," and "Finis Coronat Opus;" and that
upon application the other plans will be returned to the unsuccessful
competitors with their letters unopened.
By order 	WM. HICKS, Clerk.
Parochial Offices, Islington, 7th June, 1866.
WHEREAS by an Order of the High Court of
Chancery, made in the Matter of the Trusts of the Will of John
Diederich Niemann, deceased, and in the Matter of an Act for "Better
Securing Trust Funds and for the Relief of Trustees" (10th and 11th
Victoria, chapter 96), and of an Act "For the further Relief of
Trustees" (12th and 13th Victoria, chapter 74), it was ordered that an
inquiry should be made whether William Matthew Niemann is living
or dead, and, if dead, when he died, and whether he survived John
Diederich Niemann, and who are or is the legal personal representa¬
tives or representative of the said William Matthew Niemann, and
whether he left a widow, or any and what children or child, and, if so,
whether such widow and such children or child or any and which of
them, are respectively living or dead, and, if dead, when they respec¬
tively died and who are their respective legal personal representatives,
any persons claiming in any or either of the above characters, or to be
NEXT of KIN of the said WILLIAM MATTHEW NIEMANN,
are, by his, her, or their solicitors, on or before the 2d day of Novem¬
ber, 1866, to come in and prove their claims under the said will, at the
chambers of the Vice-Chancellor Sir Richard Torin Kindersley.
No. 3, Stone-buil lings, Lincoln's-inn, Middlesex; or, in default thereof,
the funds will be distributed as the Court may direct. Monday, the
19th day of November, 1866, at 12 of the clock at noon, at the said
chambers, is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims.
— Dated this 7th day of June, 1866. J. A. BUCKLEY, Chief Clerk.
Note. The said William Matthew Niemann was residing in Boston,
in the United States of America, in or about the year 1843, and de¬
scribed himself as a chair painter, gold embroiderer, and violinist; was
last heard of through a letter, dated 19th day of May, 1849, written by
a person alleging herself to be his wife, and signed "E. H. Niemann,"
who stated the said William Matthew Niemann to be then tempo¬
rarily staying at Valpa r iesed
PILGRIM and PHILLIPS, Church-court, Lothbury, London,
Solicitors for the Petitioners
PROOF of GUN BARRELS.—TEN POUNDS
REWARD.—The Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house
hereby give notice, that on the 22d day of February last, Ludwig
Rosenthall (of the firm of Rosenthall and Osmond), of 132, Fenchurch¬
street, London, commission agents, was convicted before the presiding
Alderman, at the Mansion-house, in the city of London, of an offence
under the Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1855, by selling small arms, the bar¬
rels of which had not been duly proved and marked as proved under
the Act, and was fined in the mitigated penalty of £5.
(The small arms in respect of which this conviction was obtained
were muskets of Austrian make, which had been imported into this
country for the purposes of sale, without being proved in accordance
with the English law, but as the defendant pleaded ignorance and pro¬
mised not to offend again, a mitigated penalty only was imposed.)
Also, that on the 19th day of March last, Gustay Masu, of 3 A, Wig¬
more-street, Cavendish-square, London, gunmaker, was convicted be¬
fore Mr. Mansfield, Stipendiary Magistrate, at the Marylebone Police
Court, London, of an offence against the said Act, by selling a fowling¬
piece, the barrels of which were of Belgian make, and bore the Belgian
proof mark and no other, notwithstanding such barrels had a name
thereon purporting to indicate that they were of English make, whereby
they had become liable to the English proof and proof-mark, where¬
upon the mitigated penalty of £5 was imposed
Also, that on the 17th day of May instant, George Grazebrook (of the
firm of Grazebrook, Son, and Co.), of 8, India-buildings, Liverpool,
merchants, was convicted before Mr. Raffles, Stipendiary Magistrate,
at the Police Court, Liverpool, of an offence against the said Act, by
selling 44 guns and three pistols of foreign make without any proof¬
mark, whereupon a penalty of £100 was imposed.
And the said Guardians further give notice that upon information
of any other person or persons in the like case or cases offending
against the provisions of the said Act, they, the said Guardians, will
prosecute, and upon conviction will pay a reward of £10 to their in¬
formant.
Information may be given at the Proof-house, in Banbury-street,
Birmingham; or to the undersigned, their law clerk.

WILLIAM S. ALLEN, 35, Waterloo-street, Birmingham, Law
Clerk to the Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house.
May, 1866.
SEA.—CAUTION.—The only authorized persons in
London for the engagement of seamen, apprentices, and boys are:
—The Superintendents of the Government Mercantile Marine offices,
Minories; Sailors Homes, Dock-street and Poplar; and the licensed
Government agents—Messrs. Suckling and Co., 11, America-square,
Minories; and Messrs. Besant and Co., 84, Lower Thames-street. Any
other person (except the shipowner, master, or mate, or the bona fide
servant of the owner) providing berths for any seaman or apprentice
will be liable to a penalty of £20 for each offence. Information to be
given to the Registrar-General of Seamen, 6, Adelaide-place, London¬
bridge.
CAUTION.—Piraey of Names. — SAMUEL,
BROTHERS, merchant tailors, 50, Ludgate-hill, London, re¬
spectfully beg to announce that they have NO BRANCH ESTA¬
BLISHMENT. The name of the firm and their trade term, "Syden¬
ham," have at different times been used, both in London and the
country, for the purpose of misleading the public: and they hereby
give notice, that all persons attempting such frand will be immediately

MESSRS. SWAN and EDGAR beg respectfully to
announce that hereafter, and during the summer half of the
year, viz, from March 1st till September 1st, the HOURS of BUSI¬
NESS at their establishment will be till 7, instead of 8 o'clock, as here¬
tofore, daily (Saturdays included): and during the winter haif, viz,
from September 1st till March 1st, till 6, instead of 7 o'clock, as hereto¬
fore, daily (Saturdays included).—Piccadilly and Regent-street.
NOTICE.—In consequence of numerous mistakes and
inquiries, PETER ROBINSON begs to inform his customers and
the public that for the future his MOURNING BUSINESS will be
conducted at the premises but recently completed—viz, 256, 258, 260,
262, Regent-street, and not, as formerly, at his coloured establishment,
Nos. 103 to 108, Oxford-street, W.
NOTICE—WALTER CARSON and SONS
respectfully notify that they have REMOVED their OFFICES
to their warehouse in La Belle Sauvage-yard, Ludgate-hill (three doors
east of Railway Viaduct), and have discontinued their west-end esta¬
blishment, 31, St. James's-street.
THE OFFICES of Messrs. ALEX. F. RIDGWAY
and SONS, army, civil service, and colonial agents, have been
REMOVED from Nos. 39, 40, and 41, Leicester-square, to No. 2, Water¬
loo-place, Pall-mall, S.W
VEXTINCTEUR PUTS OUT FIRE instantly.
—A DEMONSTRATION will take place THIS DAY, the
11th inst., at the Middlesex County Cricket Ground, Metropolitan
Market. Admittance will be obtained by presenting private card to
gatekeeper.
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE,—
Confidential inquiries in England and on the continent.—Offices,
No. 13, Paddington-green, W.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE OFFICE (established
1857 at 5, Church-court, Clement's-lane, Lombard-street) REMOVED
to 13, Great Carter-lane, Doctors-commons, Private, confidential, and
important inquiries conducted by JNO. LEWIS, 17 years an officer in
the City of London Police.
—
WEDDINGS or WEDDING PARTIES.—Noble¬
men's and gentlemen's families visiting London for the celebra¬
tion of marriages can ENGAGE, by the day or week, a first class pri¬
vate RESIDENCE, in the most aristocratic part of London. It con¬
tains a noble dining room (accommodating from 60 to 90 to breakfast),
an elegant reception and ball room, and seven bed rooms. Every ar¬
rangement made and carried out in the first style, saving families all
inconvenience and trouble. Apply to Mr. Geary, 14. Grafton-street,

