JANY THANKS for LETTER received.
MONESTY is particularly requested to make an
late A PPOINTMENT with H. B.
B.R. to P. W. At home. Excuse anothor letter
addressed to the same place and mitials after next week.
J. W.—Glad you liked. Send again to-morrow. We
did agree about F. before the papers. B.'s letter was wonder¬
yciever. T. did not answer it effectually.
BEL COLLINS, late of Wroxall, in the Isle of
Wight, and formerly of Eastcombe, near Chalford, Glocester¬
shire, deceased.—Mr. Collins is believed to have made a WILL in the
year 1863. Any person who can give INFORMATION where it can be
found, or any other information respecting it, is requested to commu¬
nicate with Messrs. H. J. and T. Child, solicitors, 2, Paul's Bakehouse¬
court, Doctors'-sommons, London.
COSETTE.—Encore un jour sans tes nouvelles. Je
suis cortain que th es malade on en duresse. Fais appel à un
magistrat on a la police—on est forcé a vous aider, étant do pleine age
et maitresse de tes actions. Souviens-toi de tes promesses à mol; je ne
te lacherai pas; eiles doivent compter, avant toutes autres. Nlayex
pas peur de menaces contre mol; je saural me proteger, et tol aussi.—
MARIUS.
AMBROSE PADGETT, deceased.—JOHN PAD¬
GETT and the CHILDREN of HENRY PADGETT (supposed
to be in America), brothers of Ambrose Padgett, late of South Cave,
East Yorkshire, yeoman, deceased
their Representatives, may
HEAR of SOMETHING to their ADVANTAGE by addressing, with
full particulars of relationship, Messrs. Burland and Son, solicitors,
South Cave, Brough, Yorkslure. N.B. Amcrican papers, please copy.
ONE POUND REWARD.—DOG LOST—a large
Mount St. Bernard Bitch, named Jaunfrew; fawn brindie
colour; lately had pups. Apply at Police-office, Poplar; or
No. 84, Stainsby-road, E.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday,
September 2d, a SILVER OPEN FACE LEVER WATCH,
No. 32116, between 54, Porchester-gardens-mews and Kensington-¬
gardens. Whoever will take the same to the above address shall
receive the reward.
CAUTION.—LOST, THREE BONDS of the ST.
LOUIS and ST. JOSEPH RAILWAY COMPANY, Mo., U. S.,
for 51,000 each. Bankers and others are cautioned against purchasing.
Payment of these bonds has been stopped. All communications to be
made to D. W. Goodrich, 22, Rectory-grove, Clapham.
FOUND, on the pier at Gravesend, a RING. Who¬
ever has losh the artiole may obtain it on correctly describing it to
M. Marshall, at Devitt and Moores, 1t9, Leadenhall-Street.
NOTICE.—If Mr. BASIL CHAMBERS does NOT
CALL for the JEWELLERY he left to be remounted early in
August, 1867, it will be SOLD at Messrs. Debenham and Storr's, King¬
street, Covent-garden, the first week of October, to defray expenses
incurred by Mr. Streeter (successor to Hancock and Company,,
No. 37, Conduit-street, Bond-street, W.5.
NEXT of KIN (new edition, just published).—A
classified and descriptive INDEX (of 20,000 names guaranteed)
to Advertisements for Next of Kin, Chancery Heirs, Legatees, &c.,
from 1700 to 1869, post free for 33 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER,
No. 17, Southampton-buildings, Chancer-lane, London,
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—"Fletcher v. Fletcher and An¬
suatique."-To LAUREANO ANSUATIQUE, late of the Penarth
Dock, Cardiff, in the county of Glamorgan, master of the Spanish
barque Cataimna.—Take notice that a CITATION, bearing date
the 25th day of June, 1869, has issued under the seal of Her Majesty's
Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, at the instance of Baward
Sinolair Fletcher, of Greene's-field-house, Gates-hean, in the county of
Durham, railway inspector, citing you to appear in the said Court,
within eight days of service thereof, then and there to answer his peti¬
tion, filed in the said Court, praying for a dissolution of his marnage
with Martha Jane Fletcher; and such citation contains an intimation
that, in default of your so doing, the Court will proceed to hear the
said petition proved in due course of law, and to pronounce sentence
thereon, your absence notwithstanding.
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
THOS. HENRY SMITH, 1, Frederick's-place, Old Jewry,
Petitioner's Attorney.
BUBLIC APOLOGY.—I, the undersigned E. A.
Blundell, of 189, Newington-butts, Surrey, tobacconist, hereby
WITHDRAW the STATEMENT made by me respecting Messrs.
Simmons and Coleman, of 33, Poulry, and 38, Bishopsgate-street
within, in the city of London, tobacconists, that they had paid a com¬
position of 2s. 6d. in the pound to their creditors, a statement 1 admit
to be untrue and without the slightest foundation; and I hereby ex¬
press my regret at having made the said statement, and beg to apolo¬
gise for having done so; also to thank Messrs. Simmons and Coleman
for their leniency shown me in the matter, considering the damage
such statement is calcuiated to do them in their busmess. Dated
this 31st August, 1869.
E. A. BLUNDELL.
mess
J.R. Reep.
NOTICE is hereby given, that 1, the undersigned
Ostar Louis Woed Moore, heretofore known as Oscar Louis
ood, and alto as Oscar Louis Wood Moore, of No. 60, Gracechusch¬
street, and No. 16, Wine Office-court, Fleet-street, both in the city of
London, gentleman, have, smce the 12th day of August, 1869, used,
and that henceforth it is my intention to use, the SURNAME of
MOORE only, and that since the said 12th day of August, 1869, 1 have
adopted, signed, used, and been known by the names of and as Oscar
Louis W oed Moore only, and that henceforth 1 intend to anopt, sign,
use, and be known by the said names of and as Oscar Loms Wood
Moore only in all transactions whatcoever ; and that a deed poll duly¬
executed by me, dated the 12th day of August, 1869, and declaring this
my intention, was, on the 13th day of August, 1869, enrolied in the
High Court of Chancery. —Dated this 3d day of September, 1860.
LOSCAR LOUIS WOOD MOORE.
Witness—W. H. Herbert, solicitor, 60, Gracechurch-street, London.
AND REGISTRY.—Nos. 530 and 540.—Part of
the Beddington Estate, and other lands, in the parishes of Bed¬
uington and Coulsdon, Surrey.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th and
26th Victoria, chapter 53.—Notice is hereby given, that on the applica¬
tion of JAMES WATNEY, of Haling-park, Croydon, in the county
of Surrey, Esquire, the Registrar imends, at the expiration of three
calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an in¬
defensible TITLE,
Firstly, No. 539.—The HEREDITAMENTS called or known as
part of the Beddington Estate, in the parishes of Beddington and
Ooulsdon, in the county of Surrey, containing 1,623a. Ir. 35p., or
thereabouts, partly in hand and partly in the tenures or occupations
of Jonn Grey, Josiah Hill, John Willian Hill, Josiah Hill the younger,
James Arnot, Gideon Smith, and others, bounded in part, on or
towards the north-east, by the parish of Croydon, in part, on or
towards the west, by the parish of Carshaiton, in part, on or towards
the east, by the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway, and in
the same or other parts by property of the Reclesiastical Commis¬
sioners for England and Wales, the trustees of Turner's Estate, the
trustees of the Warehousemen and Clerks Schools, Andrew Alfred
Collyer Bristow, Esquire, the Reverend Alexander Bridges, Mr.
Thomas Lanfear, and others, intersecied by the public road from Bed¬
dington to Smitham Bottom, by Foxley-lane, by the Brighton turn¬
pike road, and other public roads, and comprising the Maupr Farm,
Great Woodcote Farm, Stoat's-nest Farm, New Barn Farm, Woodcote¬
green Inelosure (part of Great Woodente Farm), the Red Lion Inn,
Furze-cottage, and other lands, cottages, and buildings, and deiincated
on the Map No. 539, deposited in the Office of Land Registry as part of
the description of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red,
together with the mines and minerals under the same, and the greater
part of which hereditaments formerly formed part of the Carew Estate.
and was sold under the Carew Estate Act, 1857.
Secondly, No. 540.—The Tenements in the parish of Coulsdon, in
the county of Surrey, containing 21a. 3r. 11p., or thereabout, in the
tenure or eccupation of William White and Gideon Smith, bounded
on or towards the cast by the London, Brighton, and south Coast
Railway, on or towards the south-nest by a road leading from Couls¬
don into the public road from Brighton to London, and which said
tentments are situate at Smitham Bottom, near to and on the south¬
west side of the Caterham Junction Station of the said railway, and
are delineated on the Map No. 540, deposited in the Office or Land
Registry as part of the description of the same tenements, and thereon
edged with red.
If any person objects to or desires to show cause against such regis¬
trations, or claims that the same should be subject to any couditions or
reservations, or that any particular estate or incumbrunce, charge or
hability, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should
be entered on the register, with reference to such hereditaments or
tenements, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the
said three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by afli¬
davit or otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against,
or to make such claim in respect of such registration. But any per¬
son desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in
writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and ad
dress thereto, in the said office, before the expiration of the said three
months, otherwise he will be excluded from making the same. The
said respective maps of the said hereditaments and tenements may be
inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the
said three months. —Dated this 4th day of September, 1869.
O.D. MORDAUNT Chief Clerk.
JOHN GREENWOOD, 7, Chandos-street, Cavendish-square, W.,
Solicitor to the Applicant.
WHEREAS, the Right Honourable GEORGE
STEVENS, Earl of STRAFFORD, of Wrotham-park, in the
county of Hertford, and the Master and Keepers or Wardens and
Commonalty of the Mystery or Art of Ironmongers, London, being
respectively interested under the provisions of "The Acts for the
Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Lands," in the LAND
and HEREDITAMENTS set forth in the schedule hereunder writ¬
ten, with the easements and appurtenances thereunto belonging, and
being desirous of eflecting an EXCHANGE of the same, have made
appheation in writing to the Inclosure Commissioners for England
and Wales to direct inquiries whether such proposed exchange would
be benencial to the owners of such respective lands and hereditaments.
and to preceed with the same ander the provisions of the said Acts:—
Now the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, being of
opinion that such exchange would be beneficial, and that the terms
thereof are just and reasonable, hereby give notice that they will cause
to be framed and confirmed, under their hands and seal, an order of
exchange in the matter of the said application, unless notice in
writing of dissent to the said proposed exchange be given to them by
some person entitled to an estate in or to a charge upon the said land
and hereditaments, or any part thereof, on or before the 11th day of
December next.
The Schedule to which the foregoing notice refers:—
Land and hereditaments in which the abovenamed George Stevens,
Earl of Strafford is interested, situate in the parish of All Saints',
Poplar, in the county of Middlesex, and proposed to be exchanged for
the land and hereditaments hereinafter specined. —Description.—A
piece of ground situate on the west side of the Westferry-road, 10p.
Land and hereditaments in which the abovenamed Ironmongers'
Company is interested, situate in the parish of All Saints'
Poplar, in the county of Middlesex, and proposed to be exchanged
for land and hereditaments herembefore specified. —Description.—A
piese of ground, situate on the west side of the Westferry-road, in
the Isle of Dogs, adjoining and surrounding on three sides a piece of
ground marked out by three boundary stones with the arms of the
Ironmongers' Company engraven on them, 30p.
Witness my hand this 76th day of August, in the year of our Lord

By order of the Board.
H. PYNE.
Inclosure Commission, 3, St. James's-square, London, S.W.
FUGENE CLICQUOTS CHAMPAGNE.—The
purchasers of my wine are requested particularly to observe the
brand "Eugene Clicquot" as established and adhered to by me for a
quarter of a century, and which was duly registered according to the
claw of France, the 27th May, 1845. Supplied solely through the trade.
Corks and labels clearly marked.
(Signed), EUGENE CLICQUOT, Reims.
CAUTION. — Mr. LIPSCOMBES CHARCOAL
FILTERS are the only ones that remove lead, lime, and sewage
from water, and that are seli-cleaning. Prospectus free.—Temple-bar,
London. Last Patent, Jan. 6, 1863.
CAUTION.—VOIGTLANDERS OPERA and
RACE GLASSES.—The public are hereby cautioned against
imitations. The genuine bear the following inscription on the slides:—
Callaghan, sole agent, 232, New Bond-street, corner of Conduit-st.
CAUTION.—Messrs. UNWIN and ALBERT, per¬
fumers to the Royal family, 24, Piccadilly, caution purchasers of
AURICOMUS FLUID against imitations of their registered article
for Golden Hair, Paris, Jones, 23, Boulevard des Capucines; Florence,
Roberts, 17, Via Tornabuoni; Scotland, Sturrock and Sons, Glasgow.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHERS 50s. UNIVERSAL
FIELD and OPERA GLASS.—Volunteers, tourists, and the
public generally are respectfully informed that these celebrated glasses
can only be obtained of the maker, M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New
Bond-street, W. N.B. An extensive assortment of Aluminium Glasses,
at greally reduced prices.
CAUTION.—Betts' Patent Capsules.—The public
are respectfully cautioned that BETTS PATENT CAPSULES
are being INFRINGED by importations from abroad. Betts' name
s upon every capsule he makes for leading merchants at home and
abroad.—1, Wharf-road, City-road, London, April 8, 1668, and Bor¬
deaux, France.

CAUTION.—PLATTS TWEEDS.—These cele¬
brated TWEEDS are stamped, every two yards, "Platt's Tweeds."
They are made expressly for riding trousers, shooting suits, or for hard
general wear, and are unequalled for quality of material, weight,
strength, perfectness of make, clearness and soundness of colour.
They can be ordered through any respectable tailor in every town of
the kingdom and colonies, but are to be had only by shippers and the
trade from the introducers, James Platt and Co., 78, St. Martin's-lane,
and 28 and 29, Cranbourn-street, London, W.C.
PECIAL NOTICE.—E. MOSES and SON'S
ESTABLISHMENTS will be CLOSED on Monday and Tuesday,
the 6th and 7th instant, and Re-open as usual on Wednesday morn¬
ing, the 8th instant, at 7 o'clock.—E. Moses and Son, ready-made and
bespoke tailors, habit makers, woollendrapers, hatters, hosiers, boot
and shoe manufacturers, and general outfitters for all classes. London
Houses—155, 156, 157, Minories; 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, Aldgate ;
506, 507, 508, New Oxford-street; 1, 2, 3, Hart-street; 137, 138, Totten¬
bam-court rd.; 283, Euston-rd, Country Branch—Bradford, Yorkshire.
NOTICE.—Mr. C. F. HANCOCK, senior partner
of the firm of C. F. Hancock, Son, and Co., 39, Bruton-street,
corner of Bond-street, begs respectfully to inform his patrons that he
will retire from husinese at the end of the present year; the firm
for the future will consist of his son, Mr. Mortimer Hancock, Mr.
Stewart, and Mr. Dore. In consequence of the retirement of the senior
tartner, the whole of the valuable stock of DIAMONDS, Jewellery
Plate, and Works of Art, is gold and silver, is new being SOLD at
greatly raduced prices.
