STELLA hopes to see or communicate with the
sincere friend who will be sorry to hear of her recent domestic
affiction.
PENTONVILLE.—Camden-town.—LETTERS at
Post-office, No. 2. No. 1 unsafe. Caution. C. G. Initials
reversed.
WILL the GENTLEMAN who called in Titch¬
field-street, on Tueed
7th inst., WRITE to there? as the
answer was a mistake.—FITZ.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD will be given to

who will furnish such INFORMATION as will lead
to the DISCOVERY of Mr. F. B. DOWLAND, of Church-lane, Lee,
Kent, who left his home on the 7th March last, and was seen about
2 o'clock on that day in the neighbourhood of the Borough, where he
obtained a check for a large amount; also, if found dead, the above
reward, in addition to whatever may be found on the person, will be
paid on the recovery of the body. He is about 5ft. 7in, in height,
spare and pale face, dark brown hair, and lighter whiskers. Had on a
dark coat, vest, and trousers, and a black overcoat, lined with plaid,
and velvet collar, a silver lever watch (by Smith, Newington-causeway)
and gold Albert chain. The above reward will be paid by his distressed
wife, as above
LOST, 13th May, about Museum-street, a small
GOLD LOCKET BROOCH, bask t 

will be paid on bringing it to Mr. Dumville, 58, Museum-street.
LOST, on the 13th inst., in or near Fenchurch¬
street, city, a BANK of ENGLAND NOTE for £20. Number
known and payment stopped at the Bank. Whoever will bring the
same to Messrs. C. Haas and Co., bullion dealers, 15, Fenchurch-Street,
E.C., shall be liberally REWARDED.
LOST, a GOLD GENEVA WATCH, on Saturday
last, in a cab, from Victoria-street, Pimlico to Bond-street.
Has chased back, with blue enamelled leaf on it. Whoever will bring
it to Rastall and Son, stationers, Eccleston-street, shall be handsomely
REWARDED.
NEYS LOST.—FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.—
LOST, on Monday, the 13th inst., on the road from Bayswater
way of the Strand to Finsbury-square, a BUNCH of eight or nine
KEYS, on a ring, with a piece of black cord knotted on to it. The
finder shall receive the above reward on bringing the keys to Mr.
Tarratt, 9, Finsbury-pavement.
CAME ASTRAY, a NEWFOUNDLAND DOG.)
The owner can have it by giving  faithful description and paying
all expenses. If not owned within seven days will be SOLD, to defray
the same. Apply by letter only to G., 17, Moor-terrace, Park-road,
Peckham.
FOUND in the Royal Academy, on Wednesday last,
 small GOLD CHAIN. It will be restored on application at
No. 32, St. Martin's-lane, Trafalgar-square.
NOTICE. —Should this MEET the EYE of JOHN,
Arthur. Henry, or Edward WOOD, they will HEAR FROM
their brother, JOSEPH WOOD, who left England, for Hobart-town,
in March, 1844, by writing to the following address—Joseph Wood, care
of Mr. George Taylor, 68, Elizabeth-Street, Hobart-town, Tasmania.
HENRY BRADDELL, who died at Dublin, April 29,
1859, LEFT MONEYS, to a large amount, in some banking or
other company in England. Any person who can give INFORMA¬
TION on the subject is earnestly entreated to communicate with the
executrix and legatee, Mary Braddell, who will give a liberal per cent¬
age if necessary. Address Miss Braddell, care of Mr. Gardener, sta¬
tioner, Princes-street, Cavendish-square, W., or post-office, Dublin.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £300 Consolidated Three per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of SARAH ATKINS, of
Middleton-street, Spa-fields, widow, deceased, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends there¬
on not having been received since the 5th of July, 1838;—Notice is
hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to
the Rev. William Carus and the Rev. George Spence, the executors,
who have claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner
appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—
To FRANCIS GEORGE MARCH DESANGES, of Spitalfields,
in the county of Middlesex, Esq., one of the natural and lawful chil¬
dren, and one of the persons entitled in distribution to the personal es¬
tate and effects of Sir Francis Desanges, Knight, late of the Queen's
Prison, in the borough of Southwark, deceased (who died on or about
the 27th day of September, 1860, intestate). Take notice that a CITA¬
TION has issued under the seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate
dated the 8th day of May, 1861, at the instance of Sarah Barfield, of
Devonshire-terrace, in the county of Middlesex, widow, plaintiff in a
certain suit in the High Court of Chancery, against the said Sir Francis
Desanges and others, for foreclosing the equity of redemption in certain
freehold and leasehold hereditaments and premises in the county of
Middlesex, of which she is mortgagee, citing you and other the persons
therein named, entitled in distribution to the personal estate and
effects of the deceased, within eight days after the service thereof, to
cause an appearance to be entered for you in the said Court, and ac¬
cept or refuse letters of administration of all and singular the personal
estate and effects of the said deceased, or show cause why letters of
administration should not be granted to Thomas Hewson, the nominee
of the said Sarah Barfield, limited to the purposes of the said suit, with
an intimation that, in default of your appearing and accepting or re¬
fusing the said letters of administration, the Judge of the said Court
will proceed to decree letters of administration of the personal estate
and effects of the deceased, limited as aforesaid to the said Thomas
Hewson.
H. L. STRONG, Registrar.
LOUGHBOROUGH and BARFIELD, 23, Austinfriars,
Solicitors for Sarah Barfield.
BROOKE, THOMAS JOHN LANGFORD.—To
Bankers, Bill Discounters, and others. Whereas the above¬
named THOMAS JOHN LANGFORD BROOKE was induced to
accept a BILL or give a PROMISSORY NOTE in blank at the Hotel
Mirabeau, Rue de la Paix, Paris, in the month of February or March
last, without any consideration, which bill or note has since been filled
up, as he believes, with a large amount. Notice is hereby given to all
persons not to deal in any way with the said bill or note, and that the
said Thomas John Langford Brooke is not liable upon and will not pay
the same. — Dated this 9th of May, 1861.
BROUGHTON and SPEAKMAN, Nantwich,
Solicitors for Mr. Brooke.
NOTICE is hereby given, that WILLIAM
HUTCHISON, late of Wakeling-terrace, Barnsbury-park,
Middlesex, now of Tunbridge-wells, in the county of Kent, intends to
apply by PETITION, under the fourth section of the statute 5 and 6
William the Fourth, cap. 83, to Her Maiesty in Council, for a PRO¬
LONGATION of his TERM of SOLE USING and VENDING his
INVENTION of "Improvements in Peating Pasteboard and other
substances, rendering them compact and impervious to wet, frost,
vermin, and other destructive agents," granted to him by Letters
Patent, bearing date the 25th day of November, 1847, in the 11th year
of the reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria; and notice is
hereby further given, that the said William Hutchison intends to apply
by counsel to the Judicial Committee of the Privy-Council, on the 29th
day of June now next, or if the said Judicial Committee shall not sit
on that day, at the then next sitting of the said Judicial Committee,
for a time to be fixed for hearing the matter of his said petition; and
that, on or before the said 29th day of June next, notice must be given
of any opposition intended to be made to the said petition; and any
person intending to oppose the said application must lodge a caveat to
that effect at the Council-office, on or before that day. —Dated this 13th
day of May, 186
CHARLES A. GOVETT, 5, Mitre-court Temple, Solicitor
for the above named William Hutchison.
NOTICE.—Infringement of Patent. —CRICK¬
MER's PATENT METALLIC PACKING for steam engines,
pistons, piston rod stuffing boxes, pumps, &c.—Injunctions of the High
Court of Chancery have been obtained by Messrs. OASTLER and
PALMEP trading under the firm of Alex. Ross and Co., against
Messrs. Little and Chambers, of Manchester, and John Bradford, of
Manchester, perpetually to restrain them, their servants, workmen,
and agents, from further infringing the above patent. Notice is hereby
given, that immediate proceedings will be taken against any persons
infringing the said patent, and that the above Packing can only be
obtained of Messrs. Alex. Ross and Co., Grange Mills, Bermondsey,
London (the proprietors of the patent), or of their authorized agents.
FORD and LLOYD, 4, Bloomsbury-square, London, Solicitors
for the said Alex. Ross and Co.
Dated the 1st day of March, 1861.
COLLARD and COLLARD's PIANOFORTES.—
Caution.—It having come to our knowledge that counterfeit
name labels, bearing our names, have been improperly used, for the
purpose of applying them to pianofortes not manufactured by us,
we hereby give notice, that we will pay the sum of £10 to any person
who will afford such information as will enable us to prosecute to con¬
viction any person or persons printing, selling, or using the same, or
causing the same to be so printed, sold, or used; and we hereby caution
all persons having pianofortes with our names improperly inserted
upon them, to abstain from selling or offering the same for sale, as
they will be liable to prosecution for every such offence
(Signed) COLLARD and COLLARD,
16, Grosvenor-street, Bond-street, W., and 26, Cheapside, E.C.
London, April 29, 1861.
BAYSWATER ATHENAEUM, Westbourne-grove.
—Mr. GEORGE DAWSON, M.A., will deliver his LECTURE
on SAMUEL PEPYS and his DIARY TO-NIGHT. 1s., 2s., 3s.
G. MONTAGUE DAVIS, B.A., Hon. Secretary.
SPIRITUALISM. — Mr. PHILP, Author of the
"History of Great Britain," the "Reason Why," &c., will
LECTURE at the Whittington Club, To-morrow evening, at 8 o'clock.
Illustrations, models, tests, &c. Admission, 1s.
THE Rev. J. M. BELLEW will give a READING
from the BRITISH POETS, at the Islington Literary and
Scientific Society, Wellington-street, To-morrow, May 16, at 8 o'clock.
Tickets, 1s. and 2s., of the booksellers) in the neighbourhood; and of
the Librarian at the Institution.	THOMAS HEADLAND, Sec.
MEMORY.—Dr. EDWARD PICK will deliver his
LECTURE on MEMORY and the RATIONAL MEANS of
IMPROVING IT, with Illustrations, at the Hanover-square Rooms,
Friday, May 17, at 3 and 8 o'clock. Tickets, 3s., 2s., and 1s., a few sofa
stalls 5s., at Mr. Mitchell's, Royal library, 33, Old Bond-street; Messrs.
Hatchard and Co.'s, 187, Piccadilly; Messrs. Booth's, 307, Regent-st.
EGYPTIAN HALL, Piccadilly. —ELECTRO¬
BIOLOGY and PHRENOLOGY.—Professor G. W. STONE (from
America) will continue for a few weeks his highly amusing and in¬
structive ENTERTAINMENT, every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday
venings, at half-past 8. Admission stalls, 3s.; area, 2s.; gallery, 1s.
N.B. Phrenological Examinations, with written delineations of character,
may be obtained daily, from 1 to 5, at 18, Cork-street, Bond-street, W.
THE STAGE and CONCERT ROOM.—A profes¬
sional lady, an elocutionist, actress, and singer, of remarkable
talent as a rapid practical teacher, and the late lessee and directress of
a theatre of good standing guarantees to thoroughly EDUCATE and
bring out LADIES and GENTLEMEN for the STAGE or CONCERT
ROOM, in three months. Terms part salary. Address Alpha, Mr.
Gould's, chymist, 198, Oxford-street.
MR. LAND begs to announce his return to town
from his provincial tour, and requests letters respecting lessons,
or the engagement of the London Glee and Madrigal Union, may be
addressed to his residence, 4, Cambridge-place, Regent's-park.
PROFESSOR J. H. PEPPER, F.C.S., A.Inst., CE.,
continues to accept ENGAGEMENTS to LECTURE at institu¬
tions, colleges, and schools; and his chymical laboratory for analyses,
private pupils, morning and evening classes, is at the Marylebone In¬
stitution, 17, Edwards-street, Portman-square, W.
MINIATURE THEATRE for SALE, belonging to
a gentleman who had it made expressly for him; it is entirely
of wood, 34 inches long, 30 wide, and 18 high, and has seven grooves on
each side for the wings. Also a number of scenes and characters. In¬
quire at Nudd's library, 84, Connaught-terrace, Hyde-park, W.
FLORENTINE CARVED and GILT FRAMES.—
The nobility, gentry, and public in general are respectfully invited
to inspect a large assortment of the above (just arrived from Florence),
together with about 40 first-rate copies from the old masters, at Mr.
PEROCCHY's looking-glass and picture frame warehouse, 23, Cran¬
bourn-street, Leicester-square, W.C.
CIVIL WAR.—WASHINGTON CITY, photo¬
graph, post free, 18 stamps.—54, Cheapside.
PHOTOGRAPHS.—A magnificent SERIES of
VIEWS of the ALPS, including Mont Blanc, &c., views of Rome,
including all architectural remains of interest in the ancient city,
English and foreign cathedrals, copies from the old and modern painters.
McLEAN, MELHUISH, NAPPER, and Co., 26, Haymarket.
GENERAL LORD CLYDE, G.C.B.—Messrs.
HENRY GRAVES and Co. beg to inform the public that Samuel
Cousins, Esq., R.A., is now engaged for them engraving the full-length
PORTRAIT of Lord CLYDE, from the original picture by F. Grant'
Esq., R.A., now exhibiting at the Royal Academy. An unfinished
proof may be seen at 6, Pall-mall, where subscribers names are receiver
TWELVE VIEWS of WASHINGTON and its
NEIGHBOURHOOD, taken from photographs, and printed in
oif colours, in a packet, with descriptive letterpress, price 1s. The
celebrity which these beautiful views have acquired on both sides of
the Atlantic will be greatly enhanced by the stirring events likely to
occur in the vicinity of the capital. Similar packets of views of New
York city and New York environs, summer retreats of America, city
of Toronty, the St. Lawrence, Falls of Niagara, &c., each containing 12
views, with book, price 1s. Thos. Nelson and Sons, London, Edin¬
burgh, and New York; and sold by all booksellers and at all railway
stations.
CLASS STERBOGRAPHS of MONT BLANC,
Chamouni, Interlachen, &c. —12 exquisite Swiss Views, 3 guineas,
in box. Post-office orders to W. and J. BURROW, Great Malvern, noted
for their matchless 3 and 6 guinea Malvern landscape glasses. "Alp¬
climbers, yachters, naturalists, riflemen, pedestrians, summer tourists
of all kinds have an interest in the art of making field-glasses. We have
recently tried, on the hill side and at the butts, a landscape-glass made
by Messrs. Burrow, of Great Malvern, and, though the price is mode¬
rate we can speak well of its powers. It is small in the pocket, light in
the hand, easily adjusted, and renders the form and colour of the object
more than a mile off with distinctness. At the sea-side, at a review, or
among the moors, such a companion as the Malvern landscape glass
must be valuable to many men. It is also available at the Opera."—
Athenaum.
