C. E.L.—The three received with no small pleasure.
Not so well as might be. Time passing very slowly.
C. H.—Know now you left London for Cambridge,
and were there July 1. Letter of importance addressed Mr.
M— in full at post-office there, also same at Oxford.
Turned to you in the first shock of a painful sur¬
prise. I had only that day learned that another was coming, of
whom I knewjabsolutely nothing, not even the name. So I did not
know what to think, nor do I understand it now. You have cruelly
misindged me.J¬
IF EDWARD W. MORRAH will COMMUNICATE
with Robert Morrah, by letter, to Greenbush Post-office, Sheboy¬
gan, County Wisconsin, U.S.A., it will most likely be a mutual ad¬
vantage. —17th July, 1879.
IF the REPRESENTATIVES of the late JAMES
BUSSEY, late of Bear-Street, Leicester-square, Bell Hanger, will
COMMUNICATE with Mr. Chas. Bussey, St. Stephen's, Norwich,
they will hear of something to their advantage.
NEW ZEALAND.—If this should meet the eye of
ROBERT HAWKIN, who sailed for Canterbury in the shir
parce about five years ago, he is earnestly requested to COMMU¬
NICATE at once with his mother, in Cornwall. New Zealand papers
pleas copy.
H A eieis sin e.
ement.—
VE POUNDS
REWARD. In the year 1844 a Mr.
Dhn tarrying
taeter
atte
busine.

he above reward
Bedford-row.
e ed
LINFORMATION which shall result in finding out
o t e e s ce s o in
tae i usines
Teensmems
papers on applic
ton to Messre.
the nerand Lake, of 4, Serle-street,
Lincoln's-inn London, Solicitor
BANE
of Ef
SLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Appl
toon h.
ten n  een made to the Governors of the e a e e
k of
Englund to direct the payment
one Dividend on the sum of
£1,961 4s. 11d. Consolidated £3 per o

fore.
here
standing in the name of Dame ISABELLA HARDING, of Rock¬

onmouth, widow, and which
oei dnnd was paid over to the
Commissioners for the Reduct
of the National Debt, in conse¬
qu
the n ain
unclaimed sin

the 5th of July.
Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from
this date (Aug. 13th, 1879), the said Dividend will be paid to Dame
Isabella Harding, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
RE JABEZ PRICE deceased Pursuant to an order
of the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice dated 3rd
June 187.
na e in

Estate of Jabez Price deceased
in an Action " Dockere,
against  e
78 P No. 30 any person or
persons
tai n ing to be the HEIR or

PRICE late of Peerless Place City Road in the County of Middlesex
and we e de e e¬
the a  e Peerless Place on the 19th October 1819 and
who for many years resided in Plymouth in the County of Devon but
was born it is belie
at Fairford in

of Jonathan Price who came from
teie e i e ie ve in or about
the year 1725; and settled at Fairford aforesaid are by themselves or
their So ico en
efore the 27th October 18

prove their claims at the Chambers of the Vice Chancellor Sir Richard
Malins

3 Stone .
tan ns Lincolus Inn London and in
defauit thereof they will be peremptorily excluded from the benefft of

der Monday the 3rd November 1879 at 12 of the clock at
e oe
mbers is appointed for adjudicating upon the
sae  cain
Dated.

ief Clerk.
E. W. W .
BURSUANT to an Order of the High Court of
Justice Chancery Division made in a cause of Raiph yCarrick
1870 R. 157 and dated the 18th day of December 1878 MARGARET
PEARSON (nee Davidson) forn erly of Auchterarder but who is be¬
lieved to have resided subsequently in Edinburgh and to have assumed
or to have been known under the name of Clephane if living or the
porson or persons claiming to be the legal personal representatives of
the said Margaret Pearson otherwise Clephane if she died after the
10th day of August 1872 or to be the child or children of the said Mar¬
garet Pearson otherwise Clephane if she died before the said 10th day
of August 1872 are by their Solicitors on or before the 3rd day of No¬
ber 1879 to come in and prove their claims at the Chambers of the
Vice Chancellor Sir Charles Hall 14 Chancery Lane Middlesex or in
default thereof they will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit of
the said order. Wednesdar the 12th day of November 1879 at 12 of the
clock at noon at the said Chambers is appointed for hearing and ad¬
judicating on the said claims Dated this 8th day of August 1879
ROBT. W. PEAKE Chief Ceer.
CLARKE WOODCOCK and RYLAND 14 Lincolns Inn Fields
Agents for J. Cooke and Sons of Bristol Solicitors for the

BURSUANT to an Order of the Chancery Division of
the High Court of Justice in Ireland made in the Matter of the
11th and 12th Victoria Chapter 68 and In the Matter of the one third
of the residuary Estate of Thomas Heiton bequeathed by his Will to
Miss Jane Ashley who died in his lifetime. Record No 1277 the per¬
sons CLAIMING to be NEXT of KIN according to the Statutes for the
distribution of Intestates Estates to THOMAS HEITON late of Mel¬
rose Loinster Road Rathmines in the County of Dublin Merchant
living at the time of his death on the 17th day of June 1877 or to be
the legal personal representatives of such of the said next of kin as
are now dead are by their Solicitors on or before the 3rd day of No¬
vember 1879 to come in and prove their said claims at the Chambers of
the Vice Chancellor at the Four Courts in the City of Dublin or in
default thereof they will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit
of said Order Wednesday the 26th day of November 1879 at the
hour of 12 o'clock noon is appointed for bearing and adjudicating on
the claims Dated this 7th day of August 1879.
AT CHATTERTON Chief Clerk
WILLIAM FINDLATER & CO Solicitors for certain Petitioners
35 Upper Ormond Quay Dublin.
PURSUANT to an Order of the High Court of
Justice Chancery Division made in the matter of Exparte The
Lo
N an
No  e estern Railw,
Company In
tie e e
state of John Goodwin deceased and In the mattor of the London

Western Railway (additio n.
Powers) Act 1875 The persons.
claiming to e NEX  
me
tatutes
accor
the dis¬
tributic
Intestatee
states to JOHN GOODWIN late of Hope
near Manchester in the County of Lancaster Farmer who died in or
about the month of January 1854 living at the time of his death or to

ta l p ersonal represen
tives of such of the said next o f kin as

Bhe Solio
o on or before the 27th day of October


prove their claimns at,

anceilor Sir Richar M .
at No.
Stone Bu d.
Lincolns Inn.
Middlesex or in d i f au t o 



enefit of the said Order. Tuesday, the
th day of November
187
at 12 o'clock at noon at the sai
Chambors is appointed for hear¬
ing and adjudicating upon the claims. Dated this 9th day of August
E. W. WALKER, Ch o,
C. W. DOMMETT 46 Gresham Street Agentifor W. H. &
S.T. T. Myers 2 John Dalton Street Manchester Petitioners
Solicitors
PURSUANT to an Order of the High Court of
Justice made in a Cause Pinkerton y Simpson (1857 P. 37) and In
the Matter of the Trustee Act 1850 and the Trustee Extension Act
1852 an Enquiry is directed who was the heir at law of the late Plain¬
tiff John Alfred Pinkerton at the time of his deathfand whether such
heir at law is living or dead and if dead who by desire descent or
otherwise ne.

1d.

scended to such heir at la
LEE

uch
es
entitied as aforesaid to the real Est.
to of
the said JHHN
ALFRED PINKE
ON who die.
t . .
zly.
at Tamwort
the
County of Warwick on the 18th day of Noe
ber 1678 are by their.
Soliciton.
on or before the 5th day of Nove
1878.
bcome in and
tie e their claine
t the Chambers of the Master of the Rolis.

Rolls Yard
ancery Lane Middlesex or in default thereof they will
be perempto.
toe e m the
tot s aid
der. We.
nesday the 19th day of November 1879 at eleven of the clock in the

oon at the said Chambers is appointe
for

aeadjudi¬
cating upon the
aln¬
The said John Alfred Pinkerton was a son
John Pinkerton Civil Engineert who died at.
ta nhiam in the
Countye
Middlesex and who is believed to have been born at or near
Kelso or Molrose in the County of Roxburgh in Scotland and who
subsequently resided at or near Boston in Lincolnshire. Dated this
8th day of August, 1874
SHARPE PARKERS & Co. 41 Bedford Row Middlesex
Solicitors for Edward James Pinkerton a Petitioner in
the said Cause.
BURSUANT to an Order of the High Court of
Justice Chancery Division made "In the Matter of the Trusts
of the Settlement made by Thomas Boorman and Thomas Hugh
Beorman dated the 7th March 1848 relating to the SHARE of
SARAH MILLS MARTIN in the TRUST FUNDS comprised in
such settlement" Charles Stephen Martin the husband of the said
Sarah Mills Martin and any person or persons claiming to be entitled
to any assignment Mortgage Charge or Incumbrance affecting the
sum of £3,089 8s. 1d. money on deposit in Court to the credit of In
the matter of a sum of £3,089 8s. 1d. Cash on deposit standing to the
credit of "In the matter of the Trusts declared by a Settlement made
by Thomas Boorman and Thomas Hugh Boorman dated the 7th
March 1848 of the one sixth share of Sarah Mills Martin in the trust
funds comprised therein" are by their Solicitors on or before the first
day of November 1879 to come in and prove their CLAIMS at the
Chambers of the Vice Chancellor Sir Charles Hall No. 14 Chancery
Lane Middlesex or in default thereof they will be peremptorily ox
chehe e e
aon the said Order Friday the 7th day of November 1879
at 3 o'clock in the afternoon at the said Chambers is appointed for
hearing and adjudicating upon the claims Dated this 24th day of
sce
WILLIAM BINNS SMITH Chief Clerk
N.B. The said Charles Stephen Martin was from the year 1851 to
the year 1861 in the service of the Black Cross Line of American
Clipper Ships k when last heard of was a second mate in such service.
BURSUANT to an order of the High Court of Justice
made in an action "Wirsing y Elphinstone Bart 1879 W 118;
parties CLAIMING to be PROPRIETORS or SHAREHOLDERS of
and in an undertaking commonly known as the NATAL COAL COM¬
PANY for the purchase of certain lands in the colony of Natal parti¬
cularly specified in a Memorandum of Agreement bearing date on or
about the 1st day of July 1852 (and of which proprietors or shareholders
the Defendant Sir James Dalrymple Horne Elphinstone of No 104 St
Georges Square in the county of Middlesex Baronet is the trusteel
are on or before the 8th day of December 1879 to send by post prepaid
to Messrs H. Kimber & Co of No 79 Lombard Street in the City of
London the Solicitors of the said defendant their Christian names &
surnames, addresses & descriptions together with the Numbers &
subscribed value of their shares in the said undertaking, & the name
& address of their solicitor (if any) or in default they will be


from the benefft of the said order A list of
the per s on s admitted to have been per,
riieton
tho hr t o ore os o of
about the 1st day ul y
2 may be in spected either at the offices

Messrs. Henry Kimber & Co or at the offices of Messrs. S.
I Brandon the Plaintiffs solicitors at No 15 ;
ex St Strand London
W.
at a,
ime during the usual business hours on payment of the
charge of 1s. Any person who claims to have been o
tlast men¬

d day or now to be a proprie
or shareholder in the said under¬
ta n ney
is n ot entered o the e eis
a claims to be so entered


or certificate of
ao   her share or shares

to His Lordship the
ae Jang

Chambors situate
tNo 11 New Sanare Linco

SI I M
Monday the 15th day of December 1879 at 12 o'clock at noo

time appointed for adjudicating on the claims 
te is th d a of
August 187.
HARWOOD CLARKE Chief
eer.
G. S
H BRANDON 15 Essex Street Strand London W.C.
Piaintiff
dlicitors
N R E .
COURT of JUST
CE—
robate
Divorce and AdmiraltyD
ion. (Probate).—To the NEXT of
Kr.

al o th aey
the et the
e a
So s onal Estate on

S CANNING
te e e
an t e Count  of
Cornwall
Nar  y Pensio.

Dad d r reo ak no ti.
toe CITATIOE

under Seal of the Court whereby you are cited within thirty days
cause
appearance to ene
oe or or you in the Principn

Registry o f the e Ce

pt or refuse letters of Administration

Estate of the e
deceased or show cause why the
same sbould not be granted
Thornhill Bradford Heathcote as the

ta en i to

the e e e
His Royal Highness Albe.
Edward Prince o .
ae inini i e tit led to a
to t y o ien

ate in right of His Duchy of Cornwall, with an intimation

t a l r appe

letters
administration
wo  r a en te to Thor

d Heathcote.
AS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
HORNHILL B. HIA  
PTE
l on

 Cornwall,
ingham Gate.
P.
LONDON HOMOOPATHIC HOSPITAL, Great
Ormond-street. Bloomsbury.—The Board of Management
gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of a DONATION of
THIRTY GUINEAS from Miss Capel.—G. A. CROSS, Secretary.
ROYAL FREE HOSPITAI, Gray's-inn-road.—The
Weekly Board thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of
the following ARTICLES found in the donation box at the gate of
the Hospital:—Gold Albert chain with pencil-case, gold necklet with
cross, and two gold rings.—JAMES S. BLYTH, Sec.
CENTRAL LONDON THROAT and EAR HOSPI¬
TAL, Gray's-inn-road. President—His Grace the Archbishop of
CANTERBURY.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEPT of £5 from the Rev. Yarburgh Lloyd Gream
romRev. Wm. Anthony Fitz-Hugh.—WALTER BRUCE
HONMAN, Secretary.
FRIENDLESS and FALLEN.—
LONDONFE

R.
PREVENTIVEE
NE .
YINSTITUTION
The.
nhemittee gratefully ACKNOW
NOGE the followei
DONA¬
TIONS—
£2, pert
Society's 
 Messrs. Bosanquet
Salt, and
o,7, Lombardes,
et; and £1 5s. from Mr. and Mre.
all.
Ba  ine
to e a oepe
all-Night Refuge.—EDWARD
W. THOMAS e.
00, Euston-road, N.W.
IF the GENTLEMAN who took away by mistake a
PAIR of RACE GLASSES, with aluminium mounts, from ope
he front benenes at the last Sandown Park Meeting would
RETURN the same to Messrs. Pratt and Barbrook, 26, Conduit¬
street, London, W., he would confer an obligation on the owner, and
all expenses would be paid.
LOST, on Thursday afternoon or Friday morning, a
BUNDLE of BANK NOTES, amounting to £45. Numbers
known and stopped. A handsome REWARD will be given if re¬
turned to the Box-office, Globe Theatre, Newcastle-street, Strand.
LOST, between Balcombe Station and Victoria (Lon¬
don, Brighton, and South Coast Raily.

30th, between 12 a.m. and 3 p.m., a BROWN PAPER PARCEL, con¬
taining music books, fastened with double leather strap, not ad¬
dressed, labelled Balcombe to Victoria. Whoever shall take the same
to Miss M. F. Bussell, 12, Colcherne-road, S.W., shall recolve 10s.
REWARD.
SHOOTING in SURREY to be LET.—The estate
(is about 600 acres, including 130 acres of woods. About 30 miles
from London, and near a railway station. Apply to Charles Norton,
Esq., Solicitor, Swansea.
SHOOTING.—Pheasant, Partridge, Hare, Rabbit,
and Wildfowl.—WANTED one or two GUNS to JOIN, Over
2,000 acres of capital rough shooting; near town and station. Good
house accommodation. Terms low. A perfect Setter and Retriever
for Sale.—B. Downes, 29, Bishopsgate-street, Bank, E.C.
