WILL G. G. WRITE me to the old address.
GIPSEY.—I was very much pleased with your letter.
G
  will de execet

anm still in the city. I beg of you, WRITE. Have

you
ful S. E.F.
gotten your fa
MIGNOR PELICANO.—Telegram not understood.
Have written to 24. WRITE. Safe.—STETANU.
FROM J. C. to J.—Returned from the country.
LETTER (written last March) RECEIVED.—Ber—street, 4 p.m.
H.—The last not being arranged, OLD MODE
of COMMUNICATION can be RENEWED.— Numbers
cannot be dispensed with.—47
STONEBRIDGE-COMMON.—W. B., pray RE¬
TURN immediately, or write to your distracted mother, whose
illness has been brought on only through anxiety on your account.
CHELTENHAM.—JOHN BROGDEN begs to
ACKNOWLEDGE an ANONYMOUS LETTER, for which he
is obliged.—16, Henrietta-street, Covent-gardon.
RECEIVED your LETTER, with Enclosure,
safe. I shall be glad to hear from you again soon, as I am
still very unwell. I hope it won't be long before I can see you.—F.C.
SHOULD this MEET the EYE of F.M.—, merchant,
late of H.
France, he is earnestly requested by his friends
(some grave family complications having occurred since his absence)
to COMMUNICATE immediately, either by telegram or letter, with
Mr. Pollaky, Private Inquiry Office, 13, Paddington-green, London, W.
REV. E. COKE, Rector of St. James's, Bethnal¬
green, sincerely THANKS C. D. W. for £20—£10 for the Dispen¬
sary, £10 for the same or as Mr. O. may judge best. I give it whole
for a Dispensary, which is the most urgent need of Bethnal-green, and
respectfully request aid from others.—E. C.
S the gentleman who called at 735, Pall-mall, re¬
specting Mr. COBB's AFFAIRS, has not kept his appointment,
this is to give notice that the BOXES will be OPENED, and the con¬
tents advertised immediately.
MISSING (left his home on New-year's-day, from
Stratford-on-Avon), THOMAS HENRY DAVIS, a telegraph
clerk, age 15, height 5ft. 4, fair complexion, freckled, very light eyes,
rather awkward in his gait. When he left he was attired in a black
suit, rough black overcoat with plaid cotton lining, red flannel shirt.
Supposed to have made his way for London. Should this meet the
eve of any person who would give INFORMATION respecting him to
Mrs. Brooks, 18, Union-street, Middlesex Hospital, London; or to
Davis, North Barbourne, Worcester, shall receive ONE
POUND REWARD, or should this Meet-the Eye of the above¬
described, he is earnestly entreated to return to his home and he has
nothing to fear.
LOST, on Saturday evening, 14th inst., in the pit of
the Olymple Theatre, or Evans's, Covent-garden, a GOLD
ENAMELLED WASP SCARF PIN. A REWARD of ONE POUND
will be paid to the finder, on bringing it to Angell's, jeweller, 10, Strand.
LOST, an AMETHYST BROOCH, on Thursday
evening, the 17th inst., at the Gallery of Illustration, Regent¬
street. Whoever brings it to the post office, Little Sussex-place, Hyde¬
park-gardens, shall receive a REWARD of ONE POUND.
LOST, on Wednesday last, in London, a POCKET¬
BOOK, containing a sovereign and a gold pencilcase, besides
other articles, of value to the owner. Any person taking the pocket-¬
book with contents to Messrs. Jarrold and Sons', 12, Paternoster-row,
E.C., shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
LOST, on Saturday, the 14th inst., either at the
Crystal Palace or at the Olympic Theatre, a GREEN LEATHER
POCKET-BOOK, containing some photographs, &c., but nothing of
any value except to the owner. Whoever has found the same, and
will bring it to Mr. Banderet, at Brooks's Club, St. James's-street,
shall receive ONE GUINEA REWARD.
LOST, a LETTER, containing two £5 Bank of Eng¬
land notes, directed to 30, Fitzroy-square. Supposed to have been
dropped by a lady, on Saturday afternoon, the 14th inst., somewhere
between Southampton-row and Gordon-square. Numbers and dates of
notes known, and payment stopped. Whoever will bring the same to
the Police Station, Hunter-street, will be well REWARDED.
DOG LOST.—TWO POUNDS REWARD.—A
wir
small WHITE TERRIER; answers to the name of
Bobbe" To be paid on delivery by Mr. Watts, baker, Clifton-road,

TO CABMEN.—ONE GUINEA REWARD.—
LEFT in a CAB, on Tuesday 10th, between 5 and 6 p.m.,
BROWN BASKET, containing written papers, of no use but to the
owner. Whoever brings them to 17, Westmoreland-street, Pimlico, shall
receive one guinea. No further reward will be offered.
CO CAEREME
N or others.
FEIEINE RIE
OUNDS RE¬
WARD.—A en¬
BLACK BAG, containing account books and
printed papers, LEFT in a CAB that went from Bridge

minster, to Church-road, near Brixton Church, late on Thursday
night last.W
e
th the same to Mes
Brown and Stand¬
fast, news agents
a Little, George-street, Westminster, shall receive
the above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednes¬
day, December 14th, from 10, Hertford-street, Mayfair, a very
small SKYE TERRIER. Answers to the name of "Tiny." Has a
long silky coat, ears and tail tipped with black, colour brown gray.
Whoever will bring the same to the above address shall receive the
s
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at Astley's
heere, on Satured.
 14th between the hours of 2 and 5, a
LIGHT BROWN LEATHER PURSE, containing two Bank of Eng¬
land notes—one £20, No. 49034, of 22d November, 1864, and one £10,
No. 49812, of 20th October, 1864, also a small amount of silver. Who¬
ever will bring the same to Messrs. Grindlay and Co., 55, Parliament-¬
street, shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, a BLACK BAG, in Oxford-street, on
Friday. Can be had on describing contents and paying for adver¬
tisement. Apply 29, Torriano-avenue, Camden-road.
FOUND, on the 23d ult, in the Regent's-park, a
small PET BITCH FOX TERRIER. If not claimed in one week
will be SOLD to pay expenses. Apply to Edward Snelling, 54A, Edward-¬
street, Cumberland-market, Regent's-park.
FOUND, a large JET BROOCH, by a lady, on
leaving St. Petersburg Church, last Sunday morning. The owner
can receive it, on paying for this advertisement, on calling any day,
from 12 till 2, at No. 8, St. Petersburg-place, Hyde-park, W.
LOST DOG FOUND. Will be restored on proof
of ownership. A ROUGH TERRIER, full of tricks. Probably
stolen. Address Mr. John Makey, St. Alban's-court, Wingham.
TO SOLICITORS, Proctors, and others.—In the
Matter of Mrs. MARGARET CAMPBELL, deceased.—Whereas
Margaret Campbell, of Bligh-Street, Sydney, in the colony of New
South Wales, widow and relict of Robert Campbell, late of the same
place. Esquire, deceased, made her last will at Sydney aforesaid, dated
the 28th December, 1858, and left the said colony for England in the
beginning of the year 1859, and afterwards arrived there and resided
for a short time at Richmond, in the county of Surrey, and afterwards
at the Hotel Bristol and at No. 4, Rue d'Astoy, Paris, and died at the
Hotel Chatham, Paris, on the 25th day of April, 1864. It is not known
whether the said Margaret Campbell made any codicil to her said will
or not after leaving the said colony. The executors named in the will
hereby offer to any solicitor, proctor, notary, or other person who may
have made any CODICIL to her said WILL, upon its being handed to
her executors, or giving satisfactory information relative thereto, such
a sum as will fully and liberally reimburse them for all their expenses
and trouble in the business. Information to be forwarded to Messrs.
Wilde, Rees, Humphry, and Wilde, 21, College-hill, London, solicitors
for the executors.
HEW ZEALAND GOVERNMENT GAZETTE
(Province of Wellington), Saturday, October 1, 1864.—DISEASED
CATTLE REGULATIONS.—Proclamation by his Honour Isaac
Earl Featherston, Esq., Superintendent of the Province of Wellington,
in the Colony of New Zealand.—Whereas by Section No. 9 of the
"Diseased Cattle Act, 1861," it is enacted that "If at any time it
shall be made to appear to the Governor that any infectious or con¬
tagious disease has broken out in any district out of the colony it shall
e
ternor, by order in Council, to declare that such
district is infected within the meaning of this Act, and from time to time
to make such regulations as to him shall seem fit for prohibiting the im¬
portation of cattle into the colony from such district, and the landing
or driving of such cattle, and for destroying cattle imported, landed,
or driven contrary to such regulations;" and by section 10 of the same
Act it is also enacted that "If at any time it shall be made to appear
to the Governor that any infectious or contagious disease has broken
out among cattle in any district of the colony it shall be lawful for the
Governor, by order in Council, to declare that such district is infected
within the meaning of this Act, and from time to time to make such
regulations for destroying diseased cattle therein, and for prohibiting
the removal or transportation of cattle from one part of the colony to
another, and for preventing the further spread of such disease as to
him shall sem fit;" and it is by the same Act also enacted that the
Governor in Council may, by warrant under his hand, from time to
time delegate to the Superintendent of any province within the colony
all or any of the powers vested in the Governor or Governor in
Council by the said Act, subject to such regulations as he may think
fit, and may from time to time rescind such delegation; and whereas
the Governor hath, with the advice and consent of the Executive
Council of New Zealand, delegated to Isaac Earl Featherston, Esq.,
so long as he shall hold the office of Superintendent of the Province of
Wellington, the several powers vested in the Governor by the 2d, 4th,
5th, 7th, 9th, and 10th Sections of the said Act, subject to being re¬
scinded as in the said Act is provided, and subject to the regulations
issued by the Governor in Council on the 14th day of September, 1864,
and to any other regulations to be from time to time duly made;:—
Now, therefore, I, the said Isaac Earl Featherston, by virtue of the
powers vested in me in this behalf, do hereby proclaim and declare¬
first, that after the date hereof the several colonies of Australia—that
is to say, the colony of Victoria, the colony of New South Wales, the
colony of Queensland, the colony of South Australia, and the colony
of Western Australia, as well as the colony of Tasmania, and the colony
of the Cape of Good Hope, and the islands of Great Britain and
Ireland, shall be deemed to be INFECTED DISTRICTS within the
meaning and for the purposes of the abovementioned Act; and that
no cattle, after the date hereof until further notice, shall be imported
into the Province of Wellington from such districts; provided, how¬
ever, that the Superintendent of the province may allow any cattle to
be landed from vessels from the islands of Great Britain and Ireland,
subject to such conditions and restrictions as he may deem expedient
and the circumstances of any case may require; and I do also proclaim
and declare, that after the date hereof the provinces of Auckland,
Otago, and Southland, in the colony of New Zealand, shall be deemed
to be infected districts within the meaning of the said Act, and that
no cattle shall be imported into the Province of Wellington from
either of the said provinces.
Given under my hand, and issued under the public seal of the Pro¬
vince of Wellington, at Wellington this 30th day of September, 1864.

I. E. FEATHERSTON, Supcrintendent.
By his Honour's Command,
WOODWARD Acting Provincial Secretary.
By order of the Provincial Government of Wellington,
JOHN MORRISON.
New Zealand Government Agency, Adelaide-place, E.C.
JESSRS. JOSEPH and JOHN VICKERS and
Co. beg to inform their friends that the first brick of the founda¬
tions of their new distillery in Victoria-street, Westminster, was laid
on Monday, the 2d day of January, and every effort will be made to
press forward the work without delay. The erection of the new steam
stills and machinery has been entrusted to a gentleman of the highest
scientific attainments, and everything will be done to render the new
distillery worthy of the patronage of those friends who have so long
given them their support. Present address, Bridge-house Hotel, Lon¬
don-bridge, S.E., and Rutland-wharf, 4, Upper Thames-st., city, E.C.
MESSRS. LAMBORN COCK, HUTCHINGS,
and Co. beg to inform their friends, the public, and the music
rade generally, that, in consequence of the DISSOLUTION of their
PARTNERSHIP, as music publishers, &c., the business will be
carried on in future by Lamborn Cock, at 63, New Bond-street, under
the style of Lamborn Cock and Co. (late Leader and Cock); and by
Hutchings and Co., at 9, Conduit-street, Regent-street, W., under the
style of Hutchings and Romer (late Leader and Cock)
MYDROPULT.—Caution.—Devices in imitation of
the HYDROPULT are often placed "on sale" at many iron¬
mongery and seed establishments throughout the city and provinces,
and are caloulated in appearance to deceive the unsuspecting. Each
hydropult has a brass label attached to one cylinder, on which is
stamped the following, to wit, "The Hydropult, Vose's Patent,
manufactured only by Griffiths and Browett, Birmingham. Charles
Pomeroy Button, proprietor, 142 and 143, Cheapside, London."
In this connexion it may be well to state that the hydro¬
pult is the only force-pump in the market, weighing but Sib.,
that will throw seven or eight gallons of water per minute a distance of
50 feet when worked by the power of one man. The hydropult will
draw water horizontally, if necessary, through 300 feet of suction hose,
and force it through delivery hose to an altitude of 100 feet. The
hydropult can be used for all purposes to which a hydrant or force¬
pump is applicable, and in many situations where other contrivances
are useless. The hydropult has been recommended as an efficient and
useful fire engine by many of the principal fire insurance companies of
Great Britain. Hydropults have been ordered by the War Department
as fire engines. Robert Hogg. LL.D. and F.L.S., Shirley Hibbard,
Esq., F.R.H.S., Thomas Rivers, Esq. (the eminent florist), and other
well-known gentlemen recommend the hydropult as an invaluable
garden implement. The hydropult has been recommended by the
Gardeners' Chronicle, Journal of Horticulture, Gardeners' Magazine,
Daily Telegraph, Liverpool Daily Post, Commercial Daily List, Illus¬
trated News of the World, Birmingham Journal, Mechanics' Maga¬
zine, City Press, Insurance Gazette, and other first class journals
throughout Great Britain. An Illustrated Prospectus, with testi¬
nonials, sent free on application to CHARLES POMEROY
BUTTON, 142 and 143, Cheapside, London.
CAUTION.—HARRIS'SSPECTACLES. THOMAS
HARRIS and SON CAUTION the public against persons using
their name. Business (established 1780) solely conducted at 52, Great
Russell-street, opposite the British Museum-gate, where only can be
had their celebrated spectacles, opera and field glasses. No travellers
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necest
to to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz.:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7. Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
