NINE OF US.—E. W. F. S. I. T. Y. D. and G.—
At Mr. Smith's.
. G. G. (en voyage).—Keep away from Paris.
Success, yes, splendid; but not for me. Another such success
and I'm undone. (Degouts.)—
RESERVE 3.—(375.) 128, 31. ; ; (010.). —(13.492)
14.76—0,762. 423., 2600
read 7,307 instead
77317—in last telegram.—POLLAKY, 13, Paddington-green, W.
MR. SPEEDY, passenger by ship True Briton from
Melbourne, SEND ADDRESS to W. Armstrong, King's Arme
Tavern, Portsmouth.
TO SOLICITORS and others.—WANTED, IN¬
FORMATION in reference to a WILL, or any other document
relative to the estate, of the late Mr. JOSEPH HARDING, of Wat¬
ford, Herts. Address Mr. W. Pitkin, Chalk-hill, Bushey.
TO PARISH CLERKS and others.—WANTED,
EVIDENCE of the DEATH or BURIAL of EDWARD SCOTT.
a native of Baltinglass, county Wicklow, Ireland, shopkeeper and farmer,
who is supposed to have died in some London Hospital about the years
1859 or 1860. A reward for such information will be paid on application
to Messrs. Lanfear and Stewart, solicitors, 11, Abchurch-lane, E.C.
LOST, Tuesday, the 17th instant, a LEATHER
PURSE, containing half Bank of England note for £5, No. 10501,
some gold and a return railway ticket to Hull. Any one returning same
to D. H., Tavistock-hotel, Covent-garden, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, the STOCK CERTIFICATE, No. 46,977,
for £500 East India Railway Stock, in the name of Miss Ann
Dyason Parnell. Whoever will bring the same to Messrs. Eykyn,
Brothers, 18, Tokenhouse-yard, Lothbury, shall be REWARDED.
LOST.—Left in a Hansom cab, on Saturday night,
about 10 o'clock, a BLACK LEATHER BAG, containing a small
photograph album, some loose carte-de-visites, brush, comb, and sun¬
dries. FIVE SHILLINGS will be given to any person delivering it at
No. 27, Markham-square, Chelsea.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, from a cab,
on Tuesday morning, a LADY's MOROCCO BAG, stamped
A. L. W., containing sundry articles. The above reward will be given
if the bag and its contents are left at Booth's library, 307, Regent¬
street, W
MR. WILCOCK.—The PURSE LOST on 20th July
last by Mr. Wilcock, of Bradford, late of rue de Morny,
No. 30, Paris, has been FOUND. Application to Inspector Thomson,
Detective Department, Great Scotland-yard.-18th Sept., 1867.
THE EXECUTRIX and EXECUTORS beg to in¬
form the friends and patrons of the late JAMES MACKAY, Mr.
of Catherine-Street, Devonport, naval tailor, general outfitter, &c., that
the business will still be carried on under their supervision, on the
same principles as heretofore. They beg also to intimate that there is
no connexion whatever between this old establishment and any other
person or party using or referring to Mr. Mackay's name. — Devonpert,
Sept. 3, 1867.
MARY ANN de la CHAUMETTE (formerly MARY
ANN WEBSTER, spinster). — Whereas, Mary Ann de la Chau¬
mette, wife of Francis James de la Chaumette, if now living, is entitled
to the sum of £53 10s. 6d., interest accrued, and the interest hereafter
to accrue during her life, on the sum of £246 17s. 7d. Bank £3 per
Cent. Annuities, standing in the name of the Accountant-General of
the High Court of Chancery, to the credit of the cause of Apsley Eben
Briant and others, plaintiffs, and Edward Dennett and others defend
ants, "The account of the settlement made on the marriage of Francis
James de la Chaumette and Mary Ann his wife."—Pursuant to an
order of this Court made in the said cause, the said Mary Ann de la
Chanmette, if living, or her legal personal representatives if she be dead,
her or their solicitor or solicitors, is or are to come in, on or before the
2d day of November, 1867, to prove her or his, her or their CLAIM
respectively to the said INTEREST so accrued and to accrue on the
said FUND, and on the said interest and fund respectively, at the
chambers of the Vice-Chancellor Malins, at 3, Stone-buildings, in the
county of Middlesex; or, in default thereof, she or he, she or they will
be peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the said order. Monday,
the 11th day of November, 1867, at 1 o'clock in the afternoon, at the
soid chambers, as appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the
claims.
FREDC. ERS. EDWARDS, Chief Clerk.
WALKER and TWYFORD, 5, Southampton-street,
Bloomsbury.
London, Solicitors.
GABRIEL, Mayor
A COURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held in
the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London, on
Tuesday, the 17th day of September, 1867, and in the 30th year of the
reign of Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

person admitted to act as a Broker within the city of London and
its liberties, viz.:—
Name.
Residence.
William Bennett.
. 2, Crown-court. Threadneedle-st.

GABRIEL, MAYOR.,
A COURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held in
the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London, on
Tuesday the 17th day of September, 1867, and in the 30th year of the
reign of Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire¬
land Queen, &c.
Persons who, at their own request, have been discharged from the
office of Broker within the city of London and its liberties, viz:—
Names.
Residences.
Alexander Stewart, jun..	..2, Hammond-court, and 5, Cam¬
bridge-square, Hyde-park.
Alfred Edward Donce..	.. 2, Dunster-court, Mincing-lane.
William Downes Mills	Mitcham, Surrey, late of 21,
Mincing-lane.
Henry Eugene Vandervell...	35, Great Western-terrace, West¬
bourne-park-road, Bayswater.
Henry Edwards	19, Old Broad-street.
Charles Reyalate of 4 Cullum-street.
Langley Kitching  30, Old Broad-street.
Albert George Kitching 80, Old Broad-street.
Josiah Cox.
3, Crown-court. Threadneedle¬
street, and 5, Queen Margaret's¬

WOODTHORPE.
FREE LABOUR REGISTRATION SOCIETY.
Head Office, 9. Victoria-chambers, Victoria-street, Westminster,
S.W.—This Society has been formed to check the acknowledged evils
of trades' unions, by affording a rallying point for non-unionist work¬
men and employers. Many thousands of working men have already
enrolled. The objects of the Society are:—
Obtaining work for the unemployed, and hands for employers.
The free discussion of all questions affecting capital and labour.
Their peaceful settlement by arbitration.
4. Protection of members by constitutional means.
The public are earnestly entreated to support the cause by their
money and names.
One-third of all donations is applied to the Benefit Fund.
Donations and subscriptions are received by Messrs. Ransome,
Bouverie, and Co., No. 1, Pall-mall east; or by F. C. Maude, Colonel,

LAND REGISTRY.—Nos. 462, 497, and 506.—
Thorngrove Estate, Gillingham, Dorset.—In the matter of the
Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that
on the application of WILLIAM BLAKE, of Bridge-nouse, in the
parish of South Petherton, in the county of Somerset, Esq., the
Registrar intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the
date hereof to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE—1st, No. 462,
the HEREDITAMENTS part of Thorngrove Estate, in the parish of
Gillingham, in the county of Dorset, containing 98a. 1r. 39p., or there¬
about, in the tenure or occupation of J. G. Raymond, situate near the
town of Gillingham, and also near to and on the north-western side
of the Salisbury and Yeovil Railway, bounded in part on or towards
the east by the public road from Buckhorn Weston to Gillingham:
2dly, No. 497, the Hereditaments called or known as Trimtrams, part
of Thorngrove Estate, in the parish of Gillingham, in the county of
Dorset, containing 17a. Ir. 1Ip., or thereabout, in the tenure or occupa¬
tion of Thomas Dowding, situate at the junction of the public roads
from Wincanton to Gillingham and Wincanton to Milton, and which
said hereditaments are delincated on the maps numbered 462 and 497,
respectively deposited in the Office of Land Registry as part of the
description of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red,
together with the mines and minerals under the same hereditaments,
delineated on the maps numbered 462 and 497 respectively; and 3dly,
No. 506, the Tenements, being part of Thorngrove Estate, in the
parish of Gillingham, in the county of Dorset, containing 2a. 0r. 15p.,
or thereabout, in the tenure or occupation of the said J. G. Raymond,
part thereof situate on the western side of the public road from Buck¬
horn Westen to Gillingham, at the part where the road adjoins on
the Salisbury and Yeovil Railway, and the remaining part thereof
being formerly known as Queen's-pound, and now forming part of
Home-marsh, situate on the eastern side of and at a short distance
from the public road from Wincanton to Gillingham, and which said
tenements are delineated on the map No. 506, deposited in the Office
of Land Registry, as part of the description of the same tenements,
and thereon edged with red, as to such part of the said tene¬
ments as is numbered 1 on the said map No. 506, for the residue
of a term of 500 years from the 5th September, 1767, and as to
such part of the said tenements as is numbered 2 on the said
map No. 506, for the residue of a term of 999 years from the 18th
December, 1769. If any person objects to, or desire to show cause
against, such registration, or claims that the same should be subject
to any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate
or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted
before the Registrar, should be entered on the register such person
may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn¬
fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three months, per¬
sonally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to
make such objection to, or to show cause against, or to make such claim
in respect of, such registration. But any person desiring to make such
objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particu¬
lars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the said office
before the expiration of the said three months, otherwise he will be
excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map may be inspected
at the said office at any time before the expiration of the said three
months. — Dated this 19th day of September 1867.
O. D. MORDAUNT. Chief Clerk.
W. and J. SPARKS, Crewkerne, Solicitors to the Applicant.
CAUTION.—I, the undersigned, hereby give notice,
that all persons detected selling any imitation of my EAU de
COLOGNE will be proceeded against by law. All purchasers should
note that the label on the bottle is that of Johann Maria Farina,
Julichs Platz, No. 4. My sole agents for Great Britain and Ireland
are Wm. Fickus, jun., and Co., 23, Mark-lane, London.
JOHANN MARIA FARINA, Julichs Platz, No. 4, Cologne
CAUTION. — Self-fitting Candles. — We,
thundersigned, do hereby give notice that we have, by letters
patent, secured to ourselves the exclusive right of making candles with
tapering ends, commonly called SELF-FITTING CANDLES, now to
be obtained of every chymist, grocer, or chandler, in all sizes, and of
various qualities. The public are cautioned against imitations, and
persons infringing such patents, or being parties privy thereto, are
hereby informed that they render themselves liable to proceedings.
J. C. and J. FIELD. Upper-marsh, Lambeth, London
BUBLIC NOTICE.—The Society of Arts having
awarded their silver medal and prize of 20 guineas to Messrs.
PARKINS and GOTTO, of 25, Oxford-street, for their 2s. WRITING¬
CASE (of which 500,000 have been sold) for its utility, durability, and
cheapness, the public are hereby CAUTIONED against various imita¬
tions of the same, none being genuine unless stamped "Parkins and
Gotto," with a crown above. The Postmaster-General permits this
particular case to pass through the post for four stamps.
NOTICE.—HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co.
(Limited).—Owing to numerous letters miscarrying through being
inaccurately addressed, all letters should be directed Hancock, Bur¬
brook, and Co., Limited (now Edwin W. Streeter), 37, Conduit-street,

NOTICE.—Hancock, Burbrook, and Co. (Limited).—
In consequence of advertisements continually appearing in news¬
papers railway stations, covers of periodicals, &c., under the above
title, the public are hereby informed that Messrs. HANCOCK and
BURBROOK have nothing whatever to do with the concern, notwith¬
standing their names are being used by the present proprietor. Al
letters for Mr. R. Burbrook to be addressed 3, St. James's-street, S.W.
MADAME de FAUCHE has REMOVED from
Old Steyne to 163, North-street, at Brighton.
BEMOVAL.—Messrs. CHUBB and SON beg to
announce the REMOVAL of their SAFE MANUFACTORY
from West Smithfield to their newly-erected premises, Chubb's Safe
orks Glengall-road, Old Kent-road, S.E.
NOTICE.—The BUSINESS of the EAGLE IN¬
SURANCE COMPANY will be conducted at the NEW
OFFICES, No. 79, Pall-mall, on and after Monday, the 23d inst.—
No. 59, Ludgate-hill, Sept. 9, 1867.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—THOMAS ROSS,
optician, respectfully announces that he has REMOVED from
Nos. 2 and 3, Featherstone-buildings, Holborn, to 53, Wigmore-street,
Cavendish-square, W. Microscopes, telescopes, field, race, and opera
glasses, spectacles, &c., of the highest class of manufacture, as usual.
Opera and field glasses and telescopes in aluminium of less than half

PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, established 1852,
removed from 20, Devereux-court, Temple, to 34, Arundel-Street,
Strand. Inquiries made for noblemen gentlemen, solicitors, railway
and insurance companies.—C. NICHOLLS.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE OFFICE. —THOMAS
BALCHIN, 21 years city detective officer, is prepared to under¬
take private, confidential, and important inquiries with secresy and
despatch. Terms reasonable.—58, London-wall.
EGYPT and the EAST.—Families and Gentlemen
desirous of making a winter tour through Egypt and the Holy
Land, can receive every INFORMATION as to the most desirable
routes, hotels, charges for hire of native boats, and fares by steamers
on the Nile, by addressing the Manager, Palace Hotel, Buckingham¬
gate, London, S.W.
GENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, 5, Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden,
.
Medical Director—ALFRED EBSWORTH F.R.C.S.
Lady-Superintendent—Mrs. NIKEL.
Resident skilled medical, surgical, and monthly nurses are supplied
at a moment's notice from this Institute ; also fever nurses, male at¬
tendants, and wet nurses
HAT is YOUR CREST, and What is Your
Motto ?—Send name and county to CULLETON's heraldic
office, 3s. 6d. plain drawing; in heraldic colours, 6s. The arms of man
and wife blended. The proper colours for servants' livery. Fee 10s.
Podigrees traced. Crests engraved on seals, dies, or book plates, 7s. 6d.
The Manual of Heraldry, 3s. 6d. Culleton's Book of Family Crests
and Mottoes, 4,000 engravings, £10 10s.—T. Culleton seal engraver
No. 25. Cranbourn-street, corner of St. Martin's-lane.
