to W.—Meet me on Monday next, and do all
you can, for full of trouble. Will tell you.
WARMOUTH, August 29.—Will you CALL again
at Edwardes-terrace.—Your loving FUN.
MIZZIE to P—N.—I cannot secure a house anywhere.
We must give up all thoughts of it now. I hope you are better.
Yours ever.
ANGAROO, fairly Traitor.—We take no notice of
the letter, as we know whose doing it was. We await your orders.
e e.
JOHN W. cannot go to India; dangerously ill. Come
home immediately, if want to see him again. Telegraph or
write.
C. W.—Sorely disappointed not to hear. If willing,
meet in cab at 11.30, to-morrow (Friday), same as before, to
make peace.
SHOULD this meet the eye of WILLIAM NASH,
who left North Wharf-road, Paddington, or Bristol, about

they will COMMUNICATE with W. T. N., 26, Artillery-place, Wool¬
wich, they will hear of something to their advantage.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—To Solicitors and

cared
in The Times paper about the year 1840, for WALTER WILLIAM
SMITH, a kin to the Ashton family.—W. S., 2, Foubert's-place,

REPRESENTATION of WESTMINSTER.—
Earnest Liberals desirous of promoting the election of two


CATE (preparatory to a public meeting to be called) with Mr. James
Beal, 20, Regent-street, Waterloo-place, S.W.
enlighot med ingangen foreskrift underrattas i Lon¬
don bosatte eller sig uppehallande SVENSKAR och NORRMAN
att TRO OCH HULDHETS-ED till Hans Majestit Konung OSCAR
II. kan afliiggas pa General Consulatet, hvarest for sadant findamal
listor finnas tillgangligs alla dagar emelian 10-4 till den 12te October.

WAINMAN HOLMES deceased.—The DEEDS of
the CONANT ARMS Limehouse belonging to the late Mr.
Wainman Holmes of that place and of Baildon near Leeds are
MISSING. Any person who may have any deeds or papers in their
custody relative to the premises is requested to communicate with
Messieurs Walker and Martineau 13 King's-road Gray's-inn the Soli¬
citors for the Executors.
DALLAWAY.—The DESCENDANTS of the
BROTHER and SISTERS of JOSEPH DALLAWAY, deceased,
formerly of Edinburgh, afterwards of Coupar Angus and Dundee, and
then a surgeon in the Royal navy, may hear of something to their ad¬
vantage on APPLYING (by letter) to Messrs. Mercer and Edwards,
solicitors, Deal, Kent, and on satisfactory proof being adduced of
their relationship; and, failing such descendants, information is
wanted in proof of the decease of the brother and sisters of the said
Joseph Dallaway and of their issue.
AMRCERE MERCER, Copthall-court, London, Agents for
Mercer 6 Edwards, Solicitors, Deal.
JOHN JACKSON.—JOHN JACKSON (who in
1868 was at Toronto Canada West) formerly of Kersley, Warwick¬
suire, England, son of William and Mary Jackson of Hoslucks-green,
Shirley-street, Sol-hull. Birmingham England will hear of something
to his advantage on APPLICATION to Messrs. Crooks Kingsmill, and
Cattanach, solicitors, Toronto or to the undersigned. If dead, Messrs.
Crooks and Co. or the undersigned will be prepared properly to com¬
pensate any person furnishing a Certificate of Death or Burial with
sufficient proof of identity. E. TURNER PAYNE, Solicitor, Bath,

England.
NATIONAL HOSPITAL, 85, Newman-street, W.—
The Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of
£5 8s., contributed in pence by poor patients, in gratitude for benefits
received during the month of September.—Oct. 2, 1842.
MATIONAL HOSPITAL, 85, Newman-street, W.—
Admiral Burney ACKNOWLEDGES, with many thanks, a SUB¬
SCRIPTION of ONE GUINEA, from Commander Morrison, R.N.,
and a Donation of £1, from Commander Dobbs, R.N., in aid of the
special fund for carrying on the work of this Charity.—2nd Oct., 1872.
DEAF and DUMB ASYLUM, Old Kent-road,
aurrey.—The Treasurer most gratefully ACKNOWLEDGES the
RECEIPT of a DONATION of £1,000, paid by R. M. R. to the
Society's account at Messrs. Willis, Percival, and Co.'s, 76, Lombard-¬
street, on the 26th September.—Office, 93, Cannon-street, E.C.
SAVIOURS HOSPITAL and REFUGE (in
union with the Church Penitentinry Association), Alfred-terrace,
Upper Holloway, N.—The Council of the above desire to tender ther
sincere THANKS to an anonymous friend for a DONATION of a
THOUSAND POUNDS, paid to their account at the Holloway
branch of the London and South-Western Bank.—HUGH R. GOUGH,

ROYAL ALFRED AGED MERCHANTs SEA¬
MANS INSTITUTION, Belvedere-on-Thames.—The Committer
ACKNOWLEDGE, with best thanks, £13 14s. 6d., a CONTRIBUTION
from Captain William King and the passengers on board the ship
Calcutta, from Melbourne, in aid of the much needed funds of this
truly National Institution.—THOMAS TRIBE, Secretary. Cowper's¬
court, Cornhill, London, 2d October, 1872.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday,
1st October etther in Oxford-street or Bond-street, an old¬
fashioned GOLD LEVER WATCH. No. 1,015. Maker's name, Bates,
Huddersfield. Whoever will take same to Mr. Lilley, 7, George-strett.
Hanover-square, shall receive the above reward.
DOG FOUND.—Followed a brougham from Kings¬
tonvale to Wimbledon, on Sunday, the 8th September, a
SETTER DOG. The owner can have him by paying all expenses.
Apply to W. P. S., 2. Preston-street, Brighton. If not claimed by the
ftn inst he will be sold to deflay expenses. Second advertisement.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT of PROBATE (The
Principal Registry).—To ELLEN GAUNTLETT late of No. 31
Gardeners Row Liverpool in the County of Lancaster, Widow.—Take
Notice that a CITATION has issued under Seal of Her Majesty's Court
of Probate dated the first day of October 1872 whereby you are cited to
appear anthin thirty days atter the publication of this notice and accept
or reruse Letters or Administration of the personal estate and effects
of Henry Gauntiett late of No. 31 Gardeners Row Liverpool aforesaid
your late husband who died intestate or show cause why the same
should not be granted to Thomas Gauntiett as Administrator of
James Gauntlett the natural and lawful Father and next of kin of the
said Henry Gauntlect with an intunation that in defauit of your ap¬
pearance the said Letters of Administration will be granted to the
said Thomas Gauntlett.
H. L. STRONG Registrar.
BERKELEY E CALCOTT of 52 Lincoln's Inn Fields London
Agents for Mr. H. J. Wakeman of Warminster Solicitor for
the said Thomas Gauntlett.
GIBBONS, Mayo
IN a MEETING or ASSEMBLY of the MAYOR,
Aldermen, and Liverymen of the several Companies of the city of
n n no n n oon.
mon Hall assembled at the Guildhall of the said city.
on Saturday, the 28th day of September, 1872. Resolved unani¬
mously,—
That the best thanks of the Livery in Common Hall assembled are
due and are hereby presented to bir Francis Wyatt Truscott, Aldermar
and Sir John Bennett, for the able and efficient manner in which they
have fululled the duties appertaining to the office of Sheriffs of Lon¬
don and Sheriff of Middlesex during the past year, and for the energy,
zeal, and courtesy displayed by them both in the discharge of those
duties and in upholding the e

The Livery also te

Truscott and Sir John
Bennet.
their congratulations
the distinguished favour
nferred
upon the m e,
acious Majesty the Queen to mark the
auspicious occasion of Mer Majesty's visit to St. Paut's Cathedral on
to e h a hsgiving o i

the day
he recovery of His Royal High¬
ness the Prince of Wates, and trust that they may long live to enjoy

ao
iously bestowed upon them.
WOODTHORPE.
GIBLONS, Mayon.
IN a MEETING or ASSEMBLY of the MAYOR,
Aldermen, and Liverymen of the several Companies of the city of
London, in Common Hall assembled at the Guildhall of the said city
of London, on Saturday, the 28th day of September, 1872, resolved
unanimously,
That the thanks of the Livery be given to the Right Hon. Sir Sills
John Gibbons, Baronet.
ththe zeal and ability with which he has dis¬
charged the duties of Chief Magistrate of the city during the present
year: for his uniform courtesy, urbanity, and ready accessibility at
all times; for his upright and impartial jungments on the bench; his
munificent aid to various charitable institutions; his exertions in
securing open spaces for the recreation of the people; his earnest
attention as Chairman of the Commission for the Union of Benefices
with a the City; and his liberal hospitalities to many Royal and other
distinguished guests, thereby most fully upholding the ancient tra dli¬
tions of the Mansion-house. The Livery also trust that he may be
blessed with health further to serve his fellow-citizens, and long enjoy
the distinguished honour conferred upon him by the Queen on the
occasion of the Royal Thanksgiving at St. Paul's.
WOODTHORPE.
GIEEONS, Mayor.
A COURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held in
the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London, on
Tuesday, the 1st day of October, 1872, and in the 36th year of the reign
of Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

Persons admitted to act as Brokers within the city of London and its
liberties, viz:—
anne.
Residences.
John Milion Egan.
34 Great St. Sn.


OERP E

Angel-court.
Roger Havard Peter Hunter
19, King's Arms-yard.
Frederick Robert Richardson
2. Coptnall-chambers.
Walter Plerrepont Shadbot 
Bi.

James Skinner,

Copthall-court.
NOODTHORPE.
CIEEONS, Mayor.
A COURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held in
the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London, on
Tuesday, the 1st day or October, 1872, and in the 36th year of the reign
of Victeria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

Persons who, at their own request, have been discharged from the
office of Broker within the city of London and its liberties, viz;—

Residences.
Henry William Cole..	....Baltic Coffee-house, Threadneedle¬

John James Holdsworth
13, John-street, Minories.
James Brougham Idle..	The Forest, Walthamstow (late of
13, Portman-street, Portman¬
square).
Edward Malim 3, Warnford-court, Throgmorton-¬
street.
PROOF of GUN BARRELS.—NOTICE as to
OFFENCES and PENALTIES.—To Merchants, Shippers Cus¬
tom-house Agents, Pawnbrokers, Makers of or Dealers in Guns, Fistols,
or other Small Arms, and to all other persons whom it may concern.—
The Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-nouse hereby give notice as
follows, viz:—
1. The Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1866 (31 and 32 Victoria, chap. 113,
Local), constitutes the sale, exchange, or exportation, or the exposing
or keeping for sale, exchange, or exportation, of any small arm of
whioh the barrel or barrels have not been duly proved and marked as
proved, according to the said Act, an offence, and makes the offender
liable to a penaity of not exceeding £20 for every unproved barrel,
half the penaity going to the informer.
.2. Pawning or pledging, or taking in pawn or pledge, small arms with
unproved barrels is made a similar offence, and is attended with a
similar penalty.
5. Any attempt to sell, exchange, or export, or to pawn or pledge,
small arms with unproved barrels is aiso an offence, and is attended
with a similar penaity.
4. The Government mark (commonly known as the Tower mark),
and which often remains upon barrels purchased from Government,
does not exempt them from liability to proof under the said Act,
untess the regulations of section 119 are strictly complied with.
5. The Act extends to imported foreign arms. Notice in writing of
the importation must be given and the harrels sent for proof, unless
the arms imported are intended only for conversion and export; but
even then notice is requisite. Foreign arms, bear
 registered
foreign proof mark, are exempt. (Under this head, reter to sections
132 and 134, &c.)
6. The Guardians have prosecuted many persons under the Act, and
are determined to uphold its provisions strictly. Under two very recent
prosecutions the penalties inflicted were, in the o n ae
2eC, a n dn in
the other 270, nocwithstanding that in both eases the defendants
pleaded enthe ignorance of the law.
7. And the said Guardians hereby further give notice that upon
trustworthy information of any onence or offences against the Act,
they will (at their discretion) prosecute, and upon conviction, liberally
reward their informant.
8. Information may be given to the undersigned, or to Mr. Joseph
March, the Proof Master of the said Guardians, at their Proof-house,
in Banbury-street, Bumingham.
By order,
WILLIAM S. ALLEN, 35, Waterloo-street, Birmingham, Law
Clerk to the Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house.
Birmingham, 1st September, 1872.
HAYDOCK-LODGE ASYLUM.—Dr. LISTER,
medical proprietor of the above Asylum, is desirous of notifying
to the medical profession and public generally, that the statement
made in some of the papers to the effect that the Asylum was totally
destroyed by fire is incerrect. Fortunately, it was only a portion of the
building that was burnt, and Dr. Lister is in a position to receive pri¬
vate patients as before. The part destroyed is in process of reconstruc¬
tion, and in the course of a short time will be completely restored.
JOHN SCRIMSHAW, Boot and Shoe Maker, fore¬
man and successor to the late Mr. Joseph Peyton, 82, Cheapside,
REMOVED to 356, King-street, Cheapside, corner of Trump-street.
Boots and shoes of the best quaiity made to order.
NOTICE.—EMANUEL, 3, The Hard, Portsea, gold¬
smiths, &c., to the Queen and Royal Famly, respectfully annound
that their ESTABLISHMENT will be CLOSED on THURSDAY and
FRIDAY, the 3rd and 4th of October, and that their sole aduress is
No. 3. The Hard, Portsea.
SPECIAL NOTICE.—E. MOSES and SON'S ESTA¬
BLISHMENTS will be CLOSED THIS DAY and To-morrow,
and re-opened as usual on Saturday evening, the 5th inst., at 6 o'clock.
—E. Moses and Son. merchant tailors, outfitters, &c., London, corner
of Minories and Aldgate; New Oxford-street, corner of Hart-street;
corner of Tottenham-court-road and Euston-road. Country branch,
Bradford, Yorkshire.
