F. E. G. Md.—For God's sake COMMUNICATE
with your friends. You can have no idea of the utter misery
your absence is occasioning. Write, if you will not return.—R. Cd.
LOST, about the 13th inst., between London and
Bury, Sussex, a GOLD SIGNET RING. Whoever has foun
the same will be fairly REWARDED on sending it to B., Osborn's
library, Bogno , oue.
LOST, between Fenchurch-street and Smith, Payne,
and Co.'s, TWO BANK of ENGLAND NOTES—one for £50,
numbered 75,754, and one for £20, No. 60.722. A REWARD will be
given to any person who may find them. The notes have been stopped.
Thos. Pearson and Son, 36, Bishopsgate-street, E.C.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday
afternoon, August 19, a small LIVER and WHITE BITCH
very fat; answers to the n e
n." Whoever will bring the
same to 18, Berkeley-square, shall receive the above reward.
DEEDS LOST, relating to property at Brent-street,
Hendon, belonging to Messrs. Johnson and Hamerton. These
eds are supposed to be lying at some lawyer's office. Whoever will
bring the same to Mr. Letts, Bartlett's-buildings, Holborn, shall re
ceive TWO GUINEAS REWARD.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the
10th inst. 
ah Rotten-row near Hyde-park-corner, a
small WHITE SKYE TERRIER BITCH, with long hair and yellow
tipped ears, weight about 8 1b. Whoever will bring the same to 5, Mon¬
tagu-street, Portman-square, shall receive the above reward. Last ad¬
vertisement.
FOUND, in the neighbourhood of Holborn, a BANK
NOTE. Whoever has lost the same, by giving number and par¬
ticulars, shall receive it by paying expense, &c., on applying to Joseph
Primavesi, Poole, Dorset.
FOUND, on Sunday morning last, the 18th inst.,
near Bromley, Kent, a large DOG. The owner
ha ve it by
describing it and payin a
xpenses. If not claimed within seven
days it will be SOLD. Apply to H. M. C., Cooper's Farm, Bromley,

PURSE, with Money, LEFT, July 29, at Asprey's
dressing-case manufactory, 166, Bond-street, and 22, Albemarle¬
street, London, W.
MAVIER ALCIDE DONNADIEU, deceased.—The
RELATIVES of XAVIER ALCIDE DONNADIEU, a native

an officer in Bonaparte's army, and
for the last 20 years a resident at 8, Duke-street, 8t. James's-square.
London, where he lately died, are requested to COMMUNICATE with
Mr. W. Berry, solicitor, 62, Chancery-lane, London, W.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £20 7s. 8d. Reduced Three b
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of Rev. EDWARD
MANNERS and ROGER MANNERS, Esq., both of Rutland-house,
Knightsbridge, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners
in consequence of the dividends thereon not having been received
since the 10th October, 1838;—Notice is hereby given that, on the
expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will be
Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Ann Johnson, wife
of Samuel Johnson, heretofore Ann Manners, spinster, the sole execu¬
trix of Rev. Edward Manners, deceased, who was the survivor, who has
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
WHEREAS, by an Order of the High Court of
Chancery, dated the 20th day of July, 1861, and made in the
matter of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the session holden
in the 10th and 11th years of the reign of Her present Majesty, inti¬
tuled "An Act for better Securing Trust Funds and for the Relief of
Trustees," and in the matter of the trusts of the wills of Hannah
Singer, widow, deceased, and of her daughter, Ann Singer, spinster
deceased, the following inquiries, among others, were ordered to be
made, viz.:—"An inquiry what person was meant by the testatrix Ann
Singer by the bequest in her will in trust for my first cousin Charle,
Lipscomb, now or formerly of Brandean, in the county of Hants."
An inquiry whether such person is living or dead, and, if dead,
when he died, and, if he died in the lfetime of the testatrix Ann
Singer, then who were his next of kin, according to the statutes for the
distribution of intestates' estates, living at the death of the said Ann
Singer, and whether any of them are since dead, and if so, who is or
are their legal personal representative or representatives;" all persons
therefore CLAIMING under the aforesaid BEQUEST, or claiming
to be the NEXT of KIN of the said CHARLES LIPSCOMB, living
at the death of the said Ann Singer (who died on the 29th day of May,
1860), or their, his, or her legal personal representative or representa¬
tives, are, by their solicitors, to come in and prove their claims at the
chambers of the Vice-Chancellor Wood, No. 11, New-square, Lincoln's¬
inn, in the county of Middlesex, on or before the 10th day of Novem¬
ber, 1861; or, in default thereof, they will be peremptorily excluded
from the benefit of the said order. Tuesday, the 19th day of Novem
ber, at 12 o'clock at noon, at the said chambers, is appointed for hear¬
ing and adjudicating upon the claims. —Dated this 5th day of August,
1861.
HENRY LEMAN, Chief Clerk.
WALTERS, YOUNG, and WALTERS, 9, Lincoln's-inn,
Solicitors for all Parties.
TO Miss ELIZABETH ORCHARD, late of 139,
Sallsbn.
urt, E.C.—Take notice, that unless you REMOVE the
various ARTICLES, left in my charge, on or before the 31st inst., they
will be DISPOSED OF to meet the expenses of the same.—Benjamin
Cook, 4, Salisbury-court.—Aug. 23, 1861.
NOTICE.—If the QUIRE STOCK of FLORICUL
TURAL CABINET, belonging to the late JOSEPH HAR¬
RISON, is not REMOVED by his executors or representatives, from
the warehouse of Westley and Co., 10, Friar-Street, Doctors'-commons.
E.C. (in whose possession it has remained 18 years), within a month of
this date, it will be SOLD to pay expenses.
LONDON and BIRMINGHAM GUN BARREL
PROOF.—Advertisement of ALTERATION in PROVING
MILITARY RIFLED ARMS.—Where
W n eact of Parliament,
called "The Gun Barrel Proof Act. 1855," it is, among other things,
provided and enacted that the two Companies in the said Act, called
the Gun Makers Company and the Birmingham Company, from time
to time, should they deem the proof as stated in schedule B to the said
Act annexed insufficient, with the approval of Her Majesty's Secretary
of State for War, may repeal or alter all or any of the rules and regu¬
lations, and all or any part of the scale respectively from time to time
in force under the said Act for the proof of small arms, or of ans
classes of small arms, and may make any new rules and regu¬
lations and any new scale in that behalf, provided that notice of every
such repeal or alteration, and of every such new rule, regulation, and
scale shall be given by the said two Companies respectively by adver¬
tisement in manner directed by the said Act; and whereas, in conse¬
quence of the recent improvements in small arms, the said two Com¬
panies have deemed the rules and regulations and scale of proof for the
barrels of military rifled arms of 577 in., or Government bore, insuffi¬
cient, and that such rules and regulations and scale of proof should be
altered, so far only as regards such barrels in manner hereinafter
mentioned, so that the proof of such barrels s.
ould be assimilated to
the proof now used by Her Majesty's War Department at Enfield,
London, and Birmingham; notice is therefore hereby given by the
said two Companies, pursuant to the directions of the said Act, that
the said two Companies, with the approval of the Right Honourable
Sir George Cornewall Lewis, Bart., Her Majesty's Secretary of State
for War have altered, in manner hereinafter mentioned, the rules
of proof for the barrels of military rifled arms of 577 in, or Govern¬
ment bore, not only as regards the form, size, and weight of the balls
used for the proof of the said barrels, but also with regard to the
charge of powder applicable to such proof and the quality and strength
thereof, and that in lieu and instead thereof the said two Companics,
with the approval of Her Majesty's said Secretary of State for War,
have made the following new rules and regulations and new scale of
proof for all military rified barrels of 577 inches or Government
bore, that is to say:—For the first or provisional proof previous
to rifling, 7½ drachms of powder, 720 grains of lead, or a cylin¬
dro-conical bullet of that weight, and of 567 inches diameter
and for the second or definitive proof after rifling 5 drachms of powder
720 grains of lead as above ; and that two cork wads of half an inch in
depth and fitting the bore are to be used, one placed over the powder
and the other over the bullet, and that the powder to be used shall be
the last improved Enfield rifle powder called J—2.
Signed by order of the two Companies respectively,
GEORGE RUTHERFORD, Clerk of the Gunmakers' Company.
HODGSON and ALLEN, Clerks to the Birmingham Company.
August 21, 1861.
CHLORODYNE (Trade Mark).—Caution to the
Public, &c.—Dr. J. Collis Browne, M.R.C.S.L., ex Army Med.
Staff, solely discovered and named this remedy, and confided the
secret of its manufacture to J. T. DAVENPORT, pharmaceutical
chymist, 33, Great Russell-stre
omsbury-square, alone, and none
other. The genuine only bears the name of Dr. J. Collis Browne on
the Government stamp of each bottle, and is SOLD at 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d.
Apything sold besides is a counterfeit. Medical men pronounce it in¬
valuable in consumption, asthma, diarrhea, spasm, cholic, hysteria,
uterine and renal diseases, &c., fever, ague, &c.
SKELETON SKIRTS. — Whereas, Messrs. Thomson
and Co. are sending circulars and causing advertisements to
appear, cautioning retail and other houses from selling skeleton skirts
or crinolines, which are said to be infringements of Letters Patent of
Great Britain, dated 22d July, 1856; and whereas such circulars and
advertisements very seriously affect the sale of skeleton skirts by the
undersigned manufacturers ; we are, therefore, prepared to guarantee
all parties purchasing skeleton skirts from any of us against any and
all proceedings, and we are further prepared to show the said Letters
Patent are invalid, and hereby challenge Messrs. Thomson and Co. to
take proceedings against any of us, or any party or parties who may
purchase skeleton skirts from us. —Dated 19th August, 1861.
C. E. WILSON and Co.
R. and G. GRAY and Co.,
J. W. WYATT and Co.,
CLAYTON, RORKE, and Co.,
LAWSON, STAKE, and
For OSBORN and CHEESMAN,
AUSTIN, KELLY, and Co.,
HUBBELL and WILLIS.
Witness—A. Warrand, Solicitor, 73, Basinghall-street, city.
THE LAST DAY.—Cromwell Refusing the Crown
of England.—The EXHIBITION of this fine PICTURE CLOSES
TODAY, at 5 o'clock.—J. and R. Jennings's gallery, 62, Cheapside.
VICTORIA-CROSS GALLERY, by L. W. DE¬
SANGES. WILL CLOSE THIS DAY, 24th inst. Admis
1s.
Catalogue 6d. Egytian-hall, Piccadilly.
JAS. ROWE, Sec.
SECOND ANNUAL CITY EXHIBITION o
PAINTINGS by MODERN ARTISTS is now OPEN at HAY
WARD and LEGGATT's GALLERY. Entrance by 28, Cornhill
Admission on presentation of private address card.
CORREGGIO's ECCE HOMO (Christ in the Judg¬
ment Hall), the finest painting in the world, valued at £20,000.
This wonderfully discovered chef-d'ouvre by Correggio is verified by
the engraving in the British Museum. ON VIEW from 9 till dusk.
Admission 6d.—At GARDNER's GALLERY, 119, Oxford-street, W
MADAME TUSSAUD's EXHIBITION, esta¬
blished 25 years in Baker-street.—New Addition.—A full-length
PORTRAIT MODEL of Count CAVOUR, late Prime Minister o
Sardinia, whose fame was European. Also, Models of the early English
Kings, from William the Conqueror to Edward I., are completed and
arranged. Admittance 1s.; extra rooms, 6d. Open from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m.
ROYAL HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.—Notice.
The Council have selected the Wednesday in the week following
Epsom races as the guiding day for their Exhibitions in future years.
Next year, 1862, Three great Exhibitions will be held:
The First on the Wednesday a fortnight before the Derby day.
The Second on the Wednesday after it.
The Third on the Wednesday three weeks thereafter.
Detailed schedules will be issued early.
Other minor exhibitions will be held during the season, of which due
notice will be afterwards give
ANDREW MURRAY, Assistant Secretary.
ROYAL HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.—The
DAHLIA SHOW, at South Kensington, Wednesday, Sep¬
tember 11. Doors open at 1 o'clock. Tickets 2s. 6d. each; on the
day, 3s. 6d.; to be had at the gardens, and of the principal librarians
and musicsellers.
ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS, Regent's-park.
Open daily (Sundays excepted). Admission 1s., on Mondays, 6d.
The band of the Royal Horse Guards will, by permission of Colonel
Ballie, perform in the gardens every Saturday, at 4o clock, until fur
ther notice. An official guide book is sold in the gardens. Price 6d.
AGYLL ROOMS, Great Windmill-Street, Hay¬
market, will RE-OPEN for the season, THIS EVENING, Aug 24,
under the direction of Mons. Boulcourt, principal cornet-à-piston, and
Conductor The music will be selected from Verdi, Meyerbeer,
Rossini, Flatow, Balfe, and other eminent composers. During the
recess these well-known rooms have been entirely re-decorated and
improved by Messrs. H. J. Smith and assistants. The new chandeliers
by M. Benjamin. Admission 1s. All the new music to be had at the
office, 7, Great Windmill-street.
ATIONAL ASSEMBLY ROC.
S.H.
h Holborn¬
—This brillant and favourite ball roon

N .
the season.
tue inigt
reces the en ti buildi.
ha been re¬
ted e an ye¬
meortan nt aditions
alterations effected
conducive to the comfort of the visitors. The celebrated band, under
th
ble direction.
Mr. W. M. Packer, will perform overtures and
selections from the latest operas, with the choicest dance music.
lectio.
romRose of Castille and Der Freischutz, Robin Hood. Un
Balle in Maschera, La Circassien.
inever performed in E
Na e
hampagne Galop, &c. Doors open at half-pas
Admission 1s.
R. BRINLE
RICHARDS, will RETURN to
London in n.

ae eonoresse ete
residence,
4, Torrington-stre.
Russell-square.—
Lh trthenshire, South
Wales, Aug. 22.
MR. SWIFT begs to announce that, after his en¬
gagement with the Italian Opera Company at Dublin, he will
return to town for the winter season. All communications for engage¬
ments to be addressed to Mr. Jarrett, 244, Regent-street, W.
GRAND SWIMMING RACES, to promote this
useful art, on the Serpentine. On Wednesday morning next
various prizes will be swum for. Subscriptions to defray the expenses
thankfully received by Professor Beckwith, Lambeth Baths, who will
introduce his three children, ages three, five, and seven, and show his
mastership on the water; concluding with swimming across the Ser¬
pentine with hands and legs tied. Commence at 7 a.m.
