TO L. C.—Call on me in town, or send address.—
Your Scarbor friend.
IF W. R., who left home on the 23d of September, will
.
RETURN to his wife and family, all will be forgiven.
 to O. G. DAWSON.—Letters of February
and March received last week. Write again to H. L., care of
Messrs. H. S. King and Co., Cornhill, London.
GENTLEMAN, who saw another, fair, with light
hair, wearing a white wide-awake, blue coat, and black and
white check trowsers, on the platform at the Cambridge Station, on
the arrival of the 1 o'clock train from Bury, on the 13th of July, would
like to see him again
WILLIAM FAIBUR, Esquire, who travelled in the
summer 1836, in Syria ar
Paleatine, in compn
English family of the name of Smith, is humbly requested to SEND his
ADDRESS to Sir John Kennedy, Major of Artillery, Christianstad, in
Sweden
INFIRMARY for tEPILEPSY and PARALYSIS,
Charles-street, Portan.
r h Co n,
atefully
ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of £200 from Sir Richard Wallace,
Bart., for this unendoed Chari
ST. PETERS HOSPITAL for STONE, 54, Berners¬

mnittee of Governors very gratefully AC¬
KNOWLEDGE TEN GUINEAS from Messrs. Fresbfields, and Ten
Guinees from Messrs. Glyn, Mills and Co.
LOST, on Tuesday, Nov. 28, a GOLD PIN, with
double horse shoes in rubies and diamond,
te e ill
take it to H. L., Army and Naay Club, shall receive TWO POUNDS
REWARI
LOST, by a lady, on Thursday afternoon, the 30th
November, b e
Cnon.
blace north and Canoubury-park,
a SILVER ENGRAVED CARD CASE, with Shakespear's head en¬
graved on one side. Whoever has found the same and will take it to
Mr. Blackburn stationer, Motcomb-street, Belgrave-square, shall re¬
ceive FIFTEEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
THREE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, on the
evening of the 23d ult., between Buckingham Palace and Port¬
land-place, a GOLD BRACELET, set with pink corals (one deficient)
and diamonds. Apply to Mrs. Chadwick, 178, Buckingham Palace¬

TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in
Thro.
et,city, on the 15th of November, 1871 a £510
SPANISH BOND, numbered 10.332, Loan of 1867. Whoever will
restore the same to Henry Bateman, Stock-Exchange, shall receive the
above reward. Dividends stopped payment.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, between
Brook-street and Green-street, Grosvenor-square, on the evening
of Tuesday, the 28th November, a TURQUOISE and DIAMOND
BROOCH, in the shape of a padlock, with a heart and key attached.
Whoever will take the same to Mrs. White, 254, Regent-street, shall
receive the above reward.
FOUND, on the 7th November last, near the Palace
of Westminster, a small PARCEL, containing documents which
may be of value to the owner, who can have them restored to him on
proving his titie to them and paying all expenses. As the finder is a
working man he hopes the owner will consider him worthy of a suitable
reward. Apply to R. M., 81, Long-acre.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £75 New £3 per Cent. Annuities,
heretofore standing in the name of ANN MORRIS, of Ordnance¬
place, Chatham, Kent, widow, and which was transferred to the said
Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends thereon having re¬
mained unclaimed since the 10th October, 1861; Notice is hereby given,
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to John Foster
Morris, administrator of Ann Morris, widow, deceased, who has
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and
make out his claim thereto.
WEXT of KIN. — Bradbury. — Advertisement.—
WANTED, the NEXT of KIN of one — BRADBURY, and
ANNE, his wife, who lived at Manchester or Leedst Bradbury, it is
believed, worked in a factory, and at one time at Burley's Cotton Fac¬
tory Oxford-road, Manchester. He is supposed to have died at Leods,
in Yorkshire, about 40 years ago, leaving his wife, Anne, and a
daughter, named Eliza, him surviving. The widow, Anne Bradbury,
was one of the daughters of Edward Edwards, of Crickin, Rhuddian,
Rhrt. North Wales, and a sister to the late Thomas Edwards, of Car¬
narvon. Mrs; Bradbury and her daughter Eliza were at Rhyl, in the
county of Flint, about 25 years ago, but since then neither have been
seen or heard of. The next of kin of Mr. and Mrs. Bradbury, or of
their daughter Eliza, will communicate without delay to Mr. R. E.
Williams, solicitor, 34, Water-street, Rhyl.—6th November, 1841.
PURSUANT to a Decree or Decretal Order of the
High Court of Chancery made in a cause "Coulson agains
Tyrrell" persous claiming to be the HEIR at LAW and NEXT of
KIN of GEORGE COULSON, formerly of No.
Bovey Terrace,
Pelton Road Greenwich in the County of Kent and of Portugal Street
Lincolns Inn Fields in the County of Middlesex and late of No. 20,
Marlborough Road Peckham in the County of Surrey Bill Discounter
deceased who died in the month of March 1871 are by their Solicitors
on or before the 15th day of December 1871 to send in their claims to
Mr. Thomas Sismey of 11 Serjeants' Inn Fleet Street in the City of
London Solicitor of the Plaintiffs and to come in and prove such
claims at the chambers of the Vice Chancellor Sir John Wickens at
No. 12, Old Square Lincolus Inn in the County of Middlesex or in
default thereof they will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit of
the said Decree Friday the 22nd day of December 1871 at 2 of the
clock in the afternoon is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon
the claims,
ALFRED HALL Chief Clerk.
THOMAS SISMEY No. 11, Serjeants' Inn Fleet Street London
Plaintin's Solicitor.
SUPREME COURT, County of Chautanqua.—
Samuel Marsh, Trautee, and Dennis M.Fitch against The Atlantic
and Great Western Railway Company (Consolidated) and others.—
Notice is hereby given that the sale of all and singular the real estate
and other property authorized to be sold under and by virtue of the
juagment in the above-sutitled action has been consummated, and that
in pursuance of said judgment the holders of the first mortgage bonds
and coupons of the ATLANTIC and GREAT WESTERN RAIL¬
ROAD COMPANY in New York are required to present the same to
the undersigned, the Referee in said judgment named, at the office of
the Allantic and Great Western Railway Company, Numbers 9 and 11,
Nassau-street, in the City of New York, on or before the thirtieth day
of December next, and receive their respective PROPORTIONS of the
PROCEEDS of the SALE of said PROPERTY, or in defauit thereof
they shall be deemed to have waived their right to a share of the pro¬
ceeds of such sale until paid into Court.—Dated Vew York, November
18, 1871.
REUBEN HITCHCOCK, Referee.
CITY of LINCOLN.—April Pleasure Fair, and
other Pleasure Fairs of this city.—Notice is hereby given, that the
LINCOLN APRIL PLEASURE FAIR will be held, as usual, in the
last whole week in April next, and on all subsequent occasions, in the
fields known as the Cattle Fair Grounds, adjoining the cattle market in
Monks-road, in the parish of St. Swithin, in the city of Lincoln; and
that all bazars, shows, vans, booths, tents, stalls, exhibitions, galleries,
travelling menageries, and temporary
otions usually attendant upon
such fairs will stand and be placed upon or in the said fields or Cattle
Fair Grounds.
And notice is hereby also given, that the Corporation, as Lords of the
Manor of the said city, and
tan the exclusive chartered rights to
hold and control the pleasure fairs, prohibit the holding of any pleasure
fair within the liberties or precincts of the said city, excepting within
the enclosures or fields above specified, unless and until this notice
shall be by them altered or rescinded.
All applications for standing ground are to be made to Mr. W. Wil¬
liams, the lessee of the said fields, Cattle Market Hotel, Lincoln.
By order, JNO. THOS. TWEED, Town Clerk.
Guildhall, Lincoln, Nov. 29, 1871.
NOTICE is hereby given, That, upon 3d July 1871,
Adam Gillies Smith, Chartered Accountant, No. 59 George Street,
Edinburgh, Judicial Factor on the ESTATE of the deceased Lieute¬
nant ALEXANDER MERCER, formerly of the 42d Regiment of Foot
British Army), thereafter an Inmate of the Edinby.
aRoyal Lunatic
Asylum, Morningside, near Edinburgh, raised in the Court of Session in
Scotland an Action of Multiplepoinding and Exoneration, for the pur¬
pose of Distributing the Means and Estate of the said Lieutenant
Alexander Meroer among the persons who should be found entitled
thereto : That there were called as Defenders to said Action, and as
having, or pretending to have, an interest in the said Means and Estate
of the said Lientenant Alexander Mercer, inter alios, the persons fol¬
lowing, namely .
1. Mrs. lsabella Allardice or Mercer, Widow of the said deceased
Lieutenant Alexander Mercer, now or lately residing in Germany, or
elsewhere abroad:
2. Susan Mercer, sometime residing in Edinburgh, Daughter of the
said deceased Lieutenant Alexander Mercer:
3. Mrs. Anna Hepburn Mereer or Alston, Wife of Mr. Justinian
Alston, also a Daughter of the said deceased Lieutenant Alexander
Mercer, and sometime residing at Mannheim
4. The said Justinian Alston, also sometime residing at Mannheim,
ae Administrator-in-Law for his said Wife, and for his own right and
interest in the premises;
5. The Childron of the Marriage between the said Justinian Alston
and Mrs. Anna Hepburn Mercer or Alston:
6. William Hepburn, sometime residing in the Island of St. Vincent,
or elsewhere furth of sicotland Soh of the deceased William Hepburn,
somctime of the said Island, of St. Vincent, who was lawful Son pro¬
create of the marriage betwixt the deceased Thomas Hepburn,
Merchant in Edinburgh, who was grand uncle of the said deceased Licu¬
tenant Alexander Mercer, and
T. Harriet Hepburn otherwise Hill, Daughter of the said deceased
William Hepburn, and Wife of John Hill, Esquire, late of the said
Island of St. Vincent, presently residing abroad:
8. The said John Hill, for his own right and interest in the premises,
and as Administrator-in-Law for his said Spouse
9. Margaret Hepburn, allas Mowat, lawful Daughter of the said
deceased Thomas Hepburn, Spouse of William Mowat, Merchant in
Edinbour h .
10, The said William Mowat, as Administrator-in-Law for his said
Spouse, and for his own right and interest in the premises
11. The Children lawfully procreate of the body of the said Mar¬
garet Hepburn or Mowat, and the Hairs of their, his, or her body:
12. The Children lawfully procreated of the body of the late William
Mercer, who was Brother-german of the late Captain John Mercer
the Father of the said Lieutenant Alexander Mercer, and the Heirs of
their or his body
13. The Heirs of the bodies of the deceased William Mercer and
Hagh Mercer, only lawful children of the deceased Hugh Smith
Mereer, Writer to the Signet, who was likewise a Brother-german of
the said deceased Captain John Mercer:
14. The nearest Heirs and Executors of the said deceased Lieutenant
Alexander Mercer
15. The nearest Heirs and Executers of the deceased Mrs. Elizabeth
Weir or Mercer, Mother of the said deceased Lieutenant Alexander

16. And all others having, or pretending to have, any right or
interest in or t e.
Estate, and effects heritable and movable, real
and personal, of the said deceased Lieutenant Ajexander Mercer:
In which action Lord Mackenzle (Ordinary) has pronounced the fol¬
lowing INTERLOCUTOR or ORDER:—
20th October 1871. —Lord Mackenzie.—Act. Couper—Alt.
—The Lord Ordinary appoints the dependence of this process to be
intimated twice in each of the Scotsman, The Times, Newcastle Jour¬
nal, Frankfurte Zcitung, Cologne Gazette, Galignani's Messenger
newspapers, and in a newspaper of large circulation published in Kings¬
town, St. Vincent, West Indies, the Advertisement to specity the
names of the different parties for whose behoof the intimation is con¬
sidered necessary; Finds the Raiser liable only in once and single pay¬
ment; Holds the Condescendence annexed to the Summons as a Con¬
descendence of the fund in medio, and appoints all parties claiming
an interest in the said fund in medio to lodge, their Condescendences
and Claims within the next three months.

D. MACKENZIE."
"Of all which intimation is hereby given, in terms of the above Inter¬
locutor or Order, to the persons before named, in order that they may.
if so advised, lodge claims to the said Estate and Effects of the said
deceased Lientenant Alexander Mere.
MACKENZIE, INNES, & LOGAN, Writers to the Signet,
Agents for the Judicial Factor.
o. 23, Queen-Street, Edinburgh, 24th October 1871.
TO SOLICITORS.—An ADVERTISEMENT
WANTED, in The Times paper about the year 1839, Walter Wil¬
liam Smith, next of kin to Ashton.—W. W. S., Mrs. Earl's, post office,
No. 2, Foubert's-place, Regent's-street.
NOTICE.—The only STORES of the PROFES¬
SIONAL and GENERAL OO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY
(Limited) are Nos. 459, 460, and 461, New Oxford-street, Shares, 10s.:
annual tickets, 2s. 6d. each. Free delivery of goods in the metropolie.
Catalogue upon application.
NOTICE.—Messrs. CREMER, in answer to nume¬
rous inquiries, beg to state that the TOYS which were exhibited
by them in the recent International Exhibition will be offered for
SALE, but that the sale cannot take place till early in December.—
Cremer, junior 210, Regent-street,
NOTICE.—The IRISH FRIEZES and TWEEDS,
also the New Ulster Overcoat, exhibited in the Workmen's
International Exhibition, have gained the Gold Medal, and can only
be had of SAMUEL, BROTHERS, 50, Ludgate-hill, London These
goods are stamped every two yards "Samuel, Brothers, Irish Manufac¬
ture, warranted."—No. 50, Ludgate-hill, E.C.
NOTICE.—No. 42, Pall-mall, opposite the War-office,
—LUND and BLOCKLEY (late Viner), Watchmakers to the
Queen, and manufacturers of Keyless Chronometer Watches, beg to
note their REMOVAL to the above address.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—The old-established
BUSINESS of H. SEWARD and Co., 15 and 16, Blackman¬
street, Borough, has been REMOVED to G. M. and H. J. Story's
wholesale and export cabinet warehouses, 33, London-wall, and 2, Cole¬
man street, E.C.
SPECIAL NOTICE.—To avold further misunder¬
standing it is necessary to inform the public that No. 11, Pall¬
mall, London, opposite the Tray
th e h e only
England where Mr. HAMMICKS MONTILLA, and MORILES
WINES can be obtained
POLLAKYS PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE,
ford England, the Continent, and Colonies.—13, Paddingten-¬
NeenPOLELEAKY,
PRIVATE INQUIRIES made, at home and
abroad, in Divorce, Libel, Business, and all cases requirin
ttive tact and experience. French and Spanish spoken.—E. BUR¬
CHELL and Co., 200, Gresham-house, 24 Old Broad-street, E.C.
CORRESTERS PRIVATE INVESTIGATION
OFFICE. Established 1850. Inquiries made in divorce, libel,
and anr private cases with secrecy and despatch.—15, Basinghall-¬
street, E.C.
