H. will supply Captain H.
PENITENT. —W. H., Leeds, ACKNOWLEDGES
the RECEPT of £40, from "A Penitent." This is too much,
but the surplus shall be devoted to charitable purposes.
RECEIVED, 178,925.—Thanks to many readers of
"The Will of the Poor." See the Sequel (Wertheim's, 1d.)
e Rev. E. COKE, St. James, Bethnal-green, requests additional
AID towards 500,000 pence, or £100 a year, for a Perpetual Free Ser¬

NOTICE. —Mr. JAMES BARFORD, who left
Hanslope, Bucks, on Thursday, April 16th last, is earnestly re¬
onested to WRITE to his family or to W. D., post-office, Banbury.
His communication shall have immediate attention.
DANIEL and SAMUEL WEATHERBEATLY.—
These persons are mentioned in a deed executed in 1837, and are
described as of Evesham. Worcestershire. They are requested (if
living) to COMMUNICATE immediately with the undersigned rela¬
tive to certain claims presumed to arise under the instrument above
referred to. Any person other than the parties themselves giving in¬
formation shall be rewarded. —Dated May, 1863.—G. G. Gilbert Heard,
solicitor, 32, Cannon-street west, London, E.C.
LOST, on 4th May WARRANT, No. 5,687, Bells'
warehouses, Fresh Wharf, J. T. Bell and Co., for 24 tons 4cwts.
lqr. 24lb. Spelter, dated 14th February, 1863; mark Silesiabutte, 2,424
cakes; ex. Boreas, Whittle, for Hambro', entered by D. Blanchamp
February, 1863. Made to be delivered to Wyeth's vans, 20, Wenlock¬

LOST or MISLAID, the CERTIFICATES of
£1,300 EAST INDIAN RAILWAY STOCK, registered in the
name of Lieutentant-Colonel Alexander E. F. Holcombe,

of no value to any one but the owner, and FIVE POUNDS REWARD
will be given on their being taken to the office of Messrs. Jourdan and
Son, stockbrokers, 6, Warnford-court, Throgmorton-street.
LOST, by a poor person, at Manchester, a DRAFT,
on the Bank of Victoria, at Melbourne, No. 11,596, for £115, in
favour of William Moore, and accepted by that Bank, in London, pay¬
able on June 10. Payment stopped. Any information that may lead
to its recovery will be thankfully received by William Moore, 27, Castle¬

LOST, on Sunday morning last, from Queen's-road,
Richmond, a small BLACK and TAN TERRIER DOG,
answering to the name of "Dandy." He had on a red morocco collar,
engraved with the owner's name and address. Any one giving informa¬
tion respecting him to Mr. Hiscoke, Castle-terrace, Richmond, shall be

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, yesterday, in
Russell-square, a SANDY-COLOURED TERRIER BITCH.
with white throat. The above reward will be given to whoever shall
bring the terrier to 10, Bernard-street, Russell-square.—May 5, 1863.
TO CABMEN.—On Tuesday, the 5th inst., a BLACK
BAG was LEFT in a CAB, which conveyed two gentlemen from
Somerset-house to Storey's-gate. Whoever will bring the same to
Messrs. Hooper and Son, 45, Fleet-street, shall receive SIX POUNDS
REWARD.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD. — Whereas, larve
quantities of MALT or GRAIN have been STOLEN from the
malthouse of H. B. Walmsley, situate at Barnes-terrace, Barnes, in
the county of Surrey; This is to give notice, that the above reward
will be paid to any one giving such information as will lead to the dis¬
covery and conviction of the thief or thieves, by H. B. Walmsley, The
Elms, Acton, Middleser, W.
FOUND, on Thursday last, near the Great Western
Railway Station, a PURSE, containing money. Apply to Mr.
Paddon, 10, Conduit-place, Paddington.
GREEN-YARD, Swan-street, Borough.—TWO
TRUCKS and a WHEELBARROW. If not claimed within
seven days from this date will be SOLD to pay expenses.—JAMES
L
OLICITORS' CERTIFICATE DUTY.—A PETI¬
TION for the ABOLITION of the above TAX LIES for SIGNA¬
TURE, at the office of the solicitors' Journal, 59, Carey-street, W.C.
Country solicitors wishing to sign it are requested to notify same to
their town agents, or to direct the publisher of the Journal to attach

IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 1,636.—The FIEL.—Filipe de Brinas, Master.—
Whereas a cause of Bottomry has been instituted in the High Court of
Admiralty of England, on behalf of José Antonio de Olano, of Liver¬
pool, in the county of Lancaster, merchant, the legal holder of a Bot¬
tomry Bond on the ship or vessel Fiel, hercargo, and freight, against the
said vessel, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and the cargo now or
lately laden therein, together with the freight due for the transporta¬
tion thereof and whereas the said vessel is now lying at Liverpool
aforesaid under arrest by virtue of a warrant issued from the Registry
of the said Court, and no appearance for the owners thereof, or for
any others interested therein, has been entered in the said cause ; this
is to give notice to all person who have (or claim to have) any RIGHT,
Title, or Interest in the said VESSEL, that if an appearance in the
said cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court within six
days from the publication of this notice the Judge of the said Court
will order the said vessel to be sold to answer the claims instituted, or
to be instituted against the same, or make such order in the premises
as to him shall seem right. —Dated the 5th day of May, 1863.
H. C. ROTHERY, Recistrar.
(L.S.) Notice of sale of ship taken out by R. MARSHALL, No. 7,
Leadenhall-street, London.
IN CHANCERY.—In the matter of an Act of Parlia¬
ment, made and passed in the session holden in the 19th and 29th
years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An Act to Facili¬
tate Leases and Sales of Settled Estates," and in the matter of a
Freehold Mansion-house, Lands, and Hereditaments, containing
1281. 3r. 5o., statute measure or thereabouts, commonly known as the
PLAISTOW LODGE ESTATE, devised by the will of Walter Boyd,
Esquire, deceased, and situate in the parish of Bromley, in the county
of Kent, and now in the occupation of the petitioner, Walter Boyd.—
Notice is hereby given, that a PETITION, in the abovementioned mat¬
ter, was on the 22d day of April, 1863, presented to the Right Hon. the
Master of the Rolls, by Walter Boyd, of Plaistow Lodge, Bromley, in
the county of Kent, Esquire, a Major in the Army, praying that the
said MANSION-HOUSE, Lands, and Hereditaments, called the Plais¬
tow Lodge Estate, situate in the said parish of Bromley, in the county
of Kent, migh t e.
under the order of the High Court of Chan¬
cery, and that Samuel Petrie, Walter Greene Taunton, and Richard
Pelham Warren might be directed to convey the same premises to the
purchaser or purchasers thereof; and that all moneys to be received on
any sale of the same premises, might be ordered to be paid into the
Bank of England, to the account of the Accountant-General of the
said Court, exparte, the petitioner in the matter of the said Act of
Parliament; and that the costs and expenses of the petitioner, and of
all other parties of and incident to the said application, and of and
incident to the sale of the said premises, might be taxed as between
solicitor and client, and that the amount of such expenses and taxed
costs might be paid out of the moneys to be so paid into the bank as
aforesaid; and that the residue of the same monyes, after the payment
of such taxed costs and expenses as aforesaid, might be ordered to be
invested in the manner provided for by the said Act, and that such
further or otner order might be made in the premises as to his
Honour should seem meet and the nature of the case might require;
and notice is hereby also given, that the petitioner may be served with
any order of the Court or notice relating to the subject of the said
petition, at the office of his solicitors, Messrs. Domville, Lawrence, and
Graham, 6, New-square, Lincoln's-inn, in the county of Middlesex.—
Dated this 30th day of April, 1863.
DOMVILLE, LAWRENCE, and GRAHAM,
Solicitors for the Petitioner.
PROCLAMATION.—On the request of Dr. H.A.R
Brandis, in the name of his constituent, Julius Brandis, in Mexico,
as executor of the testament of the deceased Theodor Heinrich Carl
Bahre, the Court of the First Instance of this city has issued a proclama¬
tion to the end, that all those persons who have a TITLE or CLAIM, re¬
sulting from commercial or other transactions, to the SUCCESSION of
the citizen of this city. THEODOR HEINRICH CARL BAHRE, de¬
ceased, at Neuilly, on the 25th April, 1862, particularly those who have
a right of succession, or who might be willing to dispute the validity and
dispositions of the testament established by the testator at Paris, on the
17th September, 1856, deposited with the notary (Huillier) of that metro¬
polis on the 20th September, 1856, opened in the Tribunal of the First
Instance of the department of the Seine, at Paris, on the 26th April,
1852, and duly published in this city on the 21st January, 1863, or to ex¬
cept against the above-mentioned constituents being appointed executor
of this testament, and his competence for raising capitals belonging to
the said succession, for transferring estates, for transferring, discharg¬
ing, and redeeming mortgages, Government securities and clauses, are
summoned to appear, either in person or by proxy, duly legitimated,
on the 23d October, 1863, as peremptory term, in the Tribunal of the
First Instance of this city, in order to notify their titles, claims, rights
of succession, and objections, under pain of exclusion and perpetual
silence.
In testimony of which,
Do. G. PEMOLLER, Actuary.
Hamburg, 25th March, 1863.
CAUTION.—CANTOR and Co., sponge merchants,
CAUTION druggists, perfumers, saddlers, and vendors of sponges,
against persons using their name, or representing themselves as having
been of their firm, their only place of business being situate 6, Hounds¬
ditch, N.E. (established more than 50 years), where all orders are re¬
quested to be addressed.
ANILINE DYES.—Messrs. SIMPSON, MAULE,
and NICHOLSON having ascertained that quantities of Blue
and Violet Aniline Dyes, made according to Girard's Patent, are being
imported from abroad, in frand of their rights, they hereby give
notice, that they are determined to PROSECUTE all persons selling
or using such dyes, and are employing efficient means to detect such
offenders.—9, Fenchurch-Street, London, January 12, 1863.
MAGENTA or ROSEINE DYE.—The undersigned
having reason to believe that several persons are infringing their
rights by the manufacture of Magenta Dye, made not only according
to Medlock's Patent, but also according to other patents of which thay
are the proprietors, notice is hereby given, that all persons manufac¬
turing, selling, or using such dyes will be PROSECUTED to the utmost
rigour of the law.—SIMPSON, MAULE, and NICHOLSON, 9, Fen¬
church-Street, London.
ANTHROPOLOGICAL SOCIETY of LONDON.
—The first number of the Journal of the Society is now ready,
and contains the following Papers, which have been read before the
Society;—
1. On the Study of Anthropology, by Dr. James Hunt, F.S.A.,
President. 2. On the Indion Tribes of Lireto, by Prof. Raimondi.
3. A Day Among the Fans, by Captain Burton, V.P. 4. Human Re¬
mains from Abbeville, by A. Tylor, F.G.S., F.L.S. 5. Notes on a Case
of Microcephaly, by R. T. Gore, Esq., F.A.S.L. 6. Reports of the Dis¬
cussions of the Society, &c. Prof. Wailz's work, "Authropologie der
Naturvolker" is now in the press. Some Memoirs are also being pre¬

Subscription to the whole of the publications of the Society, £2 an¬
nually. Gentlemen wishing to become Fellows of the Society may re¬
ceive further particulars on application to
C. CARTER BLAKE, Hon. Sec.
No. 4. St. Martin's-place, o.
afagar-square.
GRAND BAZAAR, under distinguished
patronage, for the benefit of the ROYAL HOSPITAL for
INCURABLES, at Putnoy, will be held in London, in the month of
June next.
Contributions to the approved value of £5 6s. and upwards constitute
the persons presenting them Life Governors of the Institution.
Further particulars may be obtained on application to the followi
ladies:—Mrs. R. Du Cane, Ashburton Cottage, Putney-heath, S.W.,
Treasurer; Miss Drummond, Linden Lodge, Linden-grove, Bays¬
water; Mrs. Le Neve Foster, Wandsworth-common, S.W. ; Miss
Jolly, 13, Arbour-terrace, Stepney, E., Secretaries.
Office, 10, Poultry, E.C.
FREDERIC ANDREW, Se.
—
Y permission, and under the immediate patronage
of Lieut.-Colonel the Hon. D. C. FITZGERALD DE ROS, and
the Officers of the First Regiment of Life Guards, an ASSAULT of
ARMS will be given at Willis's Rooms (the large Room), King-street,
St. James's, To-morrow (Saturday), the 9th May, for the benefit of the
widow of the late Corporal Major THOS. SUTTON; on which occa¬
sion the use of the foil, broadsword, sabre, and bayonet, &c., of the
Household Cavalry Brigade, including Corporals Major St. John,
Adcock, Binnie, and Galbraith, and Corporals Cornish and Maddocks,
of the 1st Life Guards; Corporal Major Waite, Corporal Butt, and
Trooper Otterway, of the 2d Life Guards; Corporal Major Searmont.
Corporals Bee and Wordsworth, of the Royal Horse Guards; assisted
by several amateurs, who have kindly volunteered their services.
COMMITTEE of MANAGEMENT.
O.M. Corporal Major Waite
O.M. Corporal Major St. John
Corporal Butt.
Trumpet Major Binnie.
Corporal Major Searmont Corporal Bee.
The Band of the 1st Life Guards will attend, under the direction of
Mr. Waterson, Master of the Band, and perform at a quarter before 4
o'clock a grand Military March, composed expressly for this occasion
by Mr. Waterson.
Tickets, 5s. and 2s. 6d. each, to be had of the Committee, at Regent's¬
park Barracks, at Hyde-park Barracks, and at the door.
Doors open at half-past 3, and commence at 4 o'clock.
ROYAL DRAGOONS.—The ANNUAL DINNER
of the OFFICERS of the ROYAL DRAGOONS will take place
on Saturday, the 23d of May, at the London Tavern, at 8 o'clock.
Those gentlemen who purpose attending are requested to send in their
names to the proprietor of the London Tavern, Bishopsgate-street,

THE CELER et AUDAXCLUB.—The ANNUAL
BANQUET of this Club will take place at the London Tavern,
Bishopsgate-street, on Wednesday, the 27th May, at 8 o'clock.

ALFRED MALIM, Secretary.
WHITTINGTON CLUB, 37, Arundel-street,
Strand, containing reading, dining, billard, drawing, and
smoking rooms. Open daily, including Sundays.
Yearly subscription, £2 2s.; first half-year, £1 5s. Country members,
£1 1s. annually. Ladies, £1 1s. annually; half-year, 10s. 6d.
For prospectus apply to the Secretary. The great Hall (capable of
accommodating 800 persons) and other large and small Rooms to be
Let for public meetings, balls, concerts, &c.
Terms may be had on application to
WM. PETERS, Sec.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, established 1852,
No. 20, Devereux-court, Temple, under the direction of CHARLES
FREDERICK FIELD, late Chief of the Metropolitan Detective
Police. Inquiries made for noblemen, gentlemen, solicitors, railway
and insurance companies.
