F. M. F.—All will be right. WRITE home.
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand.—
The COMMITTEE ACKNOWLEDGE, with their best thanks,
the RECEIPT, through the donation-boxes at the Hospital, during the
month of September, of £12 5s. 11d., including £10 2s. 6d., from
"One who often passes by.
HENRY WOOLCOTT, Sec.
THE WEEKLY BOARD of the CANCER HOS¬
PITAL, Brompton and 167, Piccadilly, most gratefully AC¬
KNOWLEDGE the RECEPT of £10 from H. P.
orden.
W. J. COCKERILL, Secretary.
Secretary's Office, 167, Piccadilly.
LOST (TEN SHILLINGS REWARD), on the 29th
inst, a BUNCH of KEYS, two gold, one of which is studded
with turquoise, and one steel, with two other gitt ornaments. The
finder, if he will bring the keys to Mr. Evans, of Hampton Court, or
to the police, at Hampton Court Palace, shall receive the above reward.
LEFT, on a green Bayswater omnibus, on Wednes¬
day evening last, by a gentleman, who got inside at the top of
Holborn-hill, at a quarter to 6, and rode to the Circus, Oxford-street,
a BLACK LEATHER BAG, having the letters "W. R. V." painted
in white on one side. If the conductor, or any one having the said bag,
will take it to 4, Thavies-inn, Holborn, he shall be liberally RE¬
WARDED.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, from Eltham,
on the 18th September, an ISLE of SKYE TERRIER. The above
reward will be given to any person bringing the same to Mr. Scriven,
baker, Eltham.
FIVE-POUND NOTE LOST, on Wednesday, the
30th September, between Lombard-street and Gracechurch-street,
between the hours of 12 and 4, No. 81595. Whoever will bring the
same to Charles Barker and Sons, 8, Birchin-lane, city, shall be hand¬
somely REWARDED.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, by a clerk,
INTEREST COUPONS of VICTORIA STOCK, Nos. 28817,
28818, 28819, 28820, 28639, for interest of £3 each; 11209, for interest of
£15. Payment stopped. The above reward paid to the finder on
delivery to the housekeeper, 2. Walbrook-buildings, city.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on Friday night,
September 25, on leaving the dress circle of Drury-lane Theatre,
or in a cab which brought two ladies to 1, Jermyn-Street, a DRESS
BRACELET, set with large amethysts and two circles of emeralds.
Whoever will bring the same in good condition to 1, Jermyn-street,

FOUND, on the 18th September, a PUG DOG, with
 black mark on the back. The owner can have it by paying all
expenses on sending all particulars. Address A. Brown. 35, Whittle¬
bury-street, Euston-square. If not owned in seven days will be SOLD
to pay expenses.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £160 3s. 8d. Reduced 3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of EDWARD
WILBRAHAM, of Cirencaster, Esq., and the Rev. GEORGE HAY¬
WARD, of Frocester, in Gloucestershire, both deceased, and which
was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the
dividends thereon having remained unclaimed on and from the 10th
October, 1849;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid, to James Prior de Paravicini, the admini¬
strator of the said Rev. George Hayward, who was the survivor, who
has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
CONSIGNEE WANTED, per Bremen ship Carl,
Capt. Otten, arrived 7th June from New York, for A, 12 bales
MERCHANDISE; WW. 23 bales ditto. Shipped by William Wilkens
and Co., New York, to order. These goods, having been lodged in the
Victoria Docks over the three months allowed by law, will be sold by
public auction, to pay freight and other expenses, unless claimed
within eight days from this date. Apply to G. L. Bernhard, 37, Min¬
cing-lane.—October 2, 1863.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—In the Matter of
the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the application of WILLIAM NICHOLSON, of 114, St.
John-Street, Clerkenwell, in the county of Middlesex, Esquire, the
Registrar of the Office of Land Registry, intends, at the expiration of
three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER, with an
indefeasible title, all those MESSUAGES and HEREDITAMENTS,
situate respectively in and near High-street, in the parish of Stoke
Newington, in the said county of Middlesex, consisting of the
Rochester Castle Tavern, in High-street aforesaid, and ground
belonging thereto, in the occupation of Robert James. Five tene¬
ments with the site of another tenement in course of erection, in
High-street aforesaid, situate between the Rochester Castle Tavern
and Pawnbrokers'-lane, three of such tenements and the said site of
another tenement, being in the occupation of Philip Cornish; another
tenement, unoccupied, and the other one in the occupation of —
Jeffreys. Seven tenements known as Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5,6, and 7, Pawn¬
brokers-lane, in the occupation of the said Philip Cornish, and four
tenements known as Nos. 1, 2, 3, and 4, Rochester-terrace, two of such
tenements being in the occupation of Mary Law, widow, one in the
occupation of Eliza Kirkman, the remaining one being unoccupied.
And all which said hereditaments are numbered respectively on the
tithe map of the same parish, from 418 to 428 both inclusive, and from
430 to 433, both inclusive ; and are delineated with the boundaries
thereof, on the map, No. 65, deposited by the applicant, in
the Office of Land Registry as part of the description of the
same, and thereon edged with red, together with the mines
and minerals under the same hereditaments. If any person
objects to, or desires to show cause against such registration, or
claims that the same should be subject to any conditions or reser¬
vations, or that any particular estate or encumbrance, charge or
liability, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should
be entered on the register with reference to such hereditaments, such
person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's¬
inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel,
or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause
against, or to make such claim in respect of such registration; but
any person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the
same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and
address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry before the expiration of
the said three calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise he will
be excluded from making the same. The said map of the said heredita¬
ments deposited in the Office of Land Registry may be inspected at
the said office at any time before the expiration of the said three
calendar months from the date hereof. — Dated this 3d day of October,
1863.
O. D MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
DIMMOCK, NASH, and FIELD, Solicitors to the Applicant,
No. 2, Suffolk-lane, E.C.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING ad DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works, at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C.; and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
CAUTION.—MAIZENA.—The immense success
of this article has brought unprincipled persons into the market
with imitations copying from The Times, &c., the notices given the
Maizena. There is but one true Maizena, and this received, of all
competing articles, the only Prize Medal of the Exhibition, 1862, and
was also reported by the jury exceedingly excellent for food. Every
genuine packet has our name thereon. Circulators of the fraudulent
will be prosecuted, the name Maizena being protected by law.—TOMLIN,
RENDELL, and Co., sole consignees for the United Kingdom.
NOTICE.—I hereby give notice, that in consequence
of the landlord's requiring my late premises, at 18, Basinghall-¬
street, E.C., I have taken more spacious ones, situate at No. 36, lower
down in the above street, for the purpose of making advances on all
descriptions of manufactured goods intended for sale, and, to prevent
mistakes arising, I further more give notice that this establishment is
not in any way connected with the late firm of Morris, Joseph, and Co.
—(Signed), H. L. COHEN, 36, Basinghall-Street, E.C., Oct. 1, 1863,
SPECIAL NOTICE.—The FOREIGN VINE¬
YARD ASSOCIATION (Limited). Joint-Stock Company re¬
gistered in 1854. Offices, 190, Regent-Street, W.—The Directors beg to
inform the public that Mr. T. W. STAPLETON's ENGAGEMENT as
MANAGER of this Company was CANCELLED by mutual consent
on the 1st August last. The Directors also hereby caution their friends
that the Association has noconnexion with any company or establish¬
ment. The Directors therefore request that all communications on the
affairs of this Association be addressed to W. H. PALMER, Esq.,
Manager, 190, Regent-street, W. (the only London office).
SINGAPORE, 1st June, 1863. —We beg to give
notice that we have established, this day, at Saigon (French
Cochin-China), a BRANCH of our FIRM of this place, as general
commission agents.—ED. RENARD and Co.
PARIS PERMANENT UNIVERSAL EXHIBI¬
TION.—The construction of the building specially designed for
this Exhibition is already far advanced, and is rapidly progressing. In¬
tending exhibitors are reminded that SPACE will be ALLOTTED ac¬
cording to priority of application. Forms of agreement and full in¬
formation may be obtained, and a recently printed list of those who
have engaged space may be inspected, at the offices of Messrs. J.
Studdy, Leigh, and Co., agents for Great Britain, Ireland, and the
Colomes, 27, Leadenhall-Street, London, E.C.; and also at the offices
of Mr. Ferrar, sub-agent, 454, Strand, London, W.C.
IMPORTANT NOTICE to the WINE and SPIRIT
TRADE.—The Borough-market Distillery being required imme¬
diately for the Charing-cross Railway extension to Cannon-street,
Messrs. JOSEPH and JOHN VICKERS, and Co. respectfully in¬
form their friends that they have taken TEMPORARY OFFICES
(through the kindness of Mr. Spencer) at the Bridge-house Hotel,
London-bridge, where attendance will be given daily, and where all
communications are to be addressed on and after Monday, Sept. 28th.
OPERA, Race, and Tourists' GLASSES in alu¬
minium, one-third the weight of brass, of high power and perfect
definition. Tourists' and deer-stalking telescopes of the same mate¬
rial, and of the very best make.—SMITH, BECK, and BECK, No. 31,
Cornhill, E.C. (late 6, Coleman-street).
OPERA and FIELD GLASSES.—NEGRETTI
and ZAMBRA warrant their glasses as unrivalled for brillancy,
power, and definition up to 10 miles range, 21s, and 42s. complete, in
case.—1. Hatton-garden; 59,
Tnhill; 122, Regent-street; and

OPERA, Race, and Field GLASSES, in every
variety of form and mounting, matchless for great magnifying
power and sharpness of definition. Prices from 30s. each, at CALLA¬
GHAN's, 23A, New Bond-street, W., corner of Conduit-street. N.B.
Sole agent for the celebrated race and field glasses made by Voigtlan¬
der, Vienna. Field glasses made expressly for India, warranted to
withstand the greatest tropical heat. The new aluminium mounted
glasses (as made for H.R.H. the Prince of Wales), though of the
sess
NEW OPERA and FIELD GLASS, also the 9s. 6d.
10-mile reconnoitrer or 25-mile landscape glas
"I think the
reconnoitrer very good."Marquis of Carmarthen. "I never before
met an article that so completely answered the recommendation of its
maker."—F. H. Fawkes, Esq., Farnley, Otley. "I have found it
effective on the 1,000 yards range."—Captain Sendy, 41st Middlesex,
Royal Small Arms Factory, Enfield. "The economy of price is not
procured at the cost of efficiency."—Field. Post free, 10s. 10d. The
Hythe glass showing bullet marks at 1,200 yards, 31s. 6d. Only to be
had from SALOM and Co., 98, Prince's-street, Edinburgh, who have no
agents anywhere.
THE FARMERS' BAROMETER, an instrument
specially constructed by NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA, for the use
of farmers, and patronized by all the leading agriculturists. Particu¬
lars by post.—1, Hatton-garden; 59, Cornhill; and 122, Regent-street.
Admiral Fitzroy's Manual for Foretelling Weather, 6d.
URROW's ALUMINIUM BINOCULAR
FIELD GLASSES, with finest selected lenses; "incredibly light";
possessing great power, with wide and brillant field. 10 and 14 guineas
each. The most perfect field glass ever made for officers of the army
and navy, sportsmen, and tourists. The same lenses, mounted in
bronze, covered with morocco, 3½ and 6 guineas each. These glasses
are used by the racing judges. Address W. and J. Burrow, Malvern.
London agents, B. Arnold, 72, Baker-street; Wales and McCulloch,

THE GLORIES of the HEAVENS seen distinetly
by a NEW TELESCOPE, for £5, which will also distinguish
the features of a man four miles, and time by a church clock 10 miles.
This instrument is equal in the most important respects to telescopes
costing £70. Persons are invited to apply for a diagram, with other
particulars and numerous testimonials. Sent free.—S. and B, SOLO¬
MONS, opticians to the Government, 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
Powerful pocket opera, field, and general out-door glasses.
LEYZOR and BENDON's two-guinea BINOCU¬
LAR FIELD, Rifle, or Opera GLASS. The extraordinary
power of this instrument renders it adapted to define objects distinctly
at 10 miles distance, is suitable for the theatre, race-course, target
practice, sportsmen, tourists, and general out-door observations.—
No. 50, High Holborn, London, and country agents. Illustrated price

THE planets and double stars seen distinctly by a
NEW TELESCOPE, for £5, which will also distinguish the face
of a sheep and the features of a man four miles, the sign of a public¬
house five miles, shot marks upon a target two miles, and time by a
church clock ten miles. This instrument is guaranteed, in writing, to
perform the whole of the above, and to be equal in the most important
respects to telescopes costing £70. It has a three-inch superior achro¬
matic object glass, two eye-pieces, &c., with portable metal tripod,

apply for a diagram, with fuller particulars and numerous testimonials.
Sent free.—S. and B. SOLOMONS, opticians to the Government,
No. 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly. Powerful small pocket tele¬
scopes, opera, field, and general out-door day and night glasses.
SWIMMING TAUGHT, by Professor BECK¬
WITH, in six or eight lessons. Completion guaranteed for one
guinea, no matter what age or how nervous of water.—In attendance
at the Lambeth Tepid Baths, Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays at
any hour appointed
PROFESSOR BECKWITH, the celebrated swim¬
mer and teacher, takes his ANNUAL BENEFIT, at the Lam¬
beth Baths, on Monday night next, October 5, when the professor,
his daughter, and two sons, age five, seven, and nine, will go through
their pleasing acts of natation. Various handsome prizes will be swam
for, open to amateurs and professionals, in classes. The sports com¬
mence at 8 p.m. Admission, 1s., 2s., numbered seats 3.
