S. J. is very disappointed R— will not comply with
his request. He begs she will, for her mother's satisfaction and
consolation, give some confirmation of her statements. She wishes
to know where the marriage took place, and her name. No attempt
shall be made to trace or molest her; but should she ever under any
circumstances, require advice or assistance, she has only to apply
to S. J.
THE TREASURER of the FEMALE MEDICAL
SOCIETY has RECEIVED £5 from A Suffey and £5 from
T. Smitsdon, Esq., to be acknowledged in The Times.
GRIENDLESS and FALLEN.—LONDON FE¬
MALE PREVENTIVE and REFORMATORY INSTITUTION.
—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the following CONTRI¬
BUTIONS in aid of the homes:—A Friend, £5; small sums in support
the Home for Distresse.
Young Women of Good Character, £5 11s.
E. W. THOMAS, Sec., 209, Euston-road
MISS CHANDLER, on behalf of the Ladies' Com¬
mittee of the NATIONAL HOSPITAL for the PARALYSED
and EPILEPTIC, gratefully ACKNOWLEDGES the RECEIPT of
several small sums in postage stamps, in Aid of the Fund of £2,000,
for the Improvement and Enlargement of the Institution, and earnestly
invites inspection of the many elegant and useful articles remaining
from the fancy fair. They may be seen at her residence, 153, Albany¬
street, Regent's-park, and will be sold at a great reduction.
MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARED. —ONE
HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—MISSING, a GENTLE¬
MAN, of the name of Barrington, about 28 years of age (looks older),
six feet high, dark brown hair and eyes, small thin whiskers and light
moustache, hair slightly curling, wears a pair of glasses mounted in
tortoiseshall, old ring—dark stone with crest, a block, and two wings.
A certificate of death will entitle the bearer to the above reward. In¬
formation to Charles Frederick Field, late Chief of the Metropolitan
Detective Police, 20, Devereux-court, Temple, Private Inquiry office.
LOST, OPERA GLASS—small pair, Tortorseshell.
Left in a Hansom Cab, Monday afternoon, July 4. ONE
GUINEA will be PAID for them if returned to Mr. Callaghan,


LOST, on Saturday afternoon, the 2d inst., in the
Regent's-park, or on the road to Finchley and Hendon, a BUNCH
of ee
S. TEN SHILLINGS REWARD will be given on their being
brought to 28, John-street, Bedford-row.
LOST, on Thursday, the 23 June, between Morley's
Hotel, Charing-cross, and the Italian Opera-house, Covent-garden
(probably in a cab), a CORAL NECKLACE. THIRTY SHILLINGS
REWARD will be paid to any one bringing the same to 16, Coal
Exchange, Lower Thames-street.
FOUND, a SHEEP. The owner can have it by
paying expenses. Apply at the clerk's office, Metropolitan Cattle¬
market. Unless owned before the 18th inst, will be SOLD, to pay
expenses.
JOHN PIERIE.-REWARD of TWENTYPOUNDS.
—Anyone who can furnish EVIDENCE of the BURIAL and AGE
it DEATH of JOHN PIERIE, who resided at Tottenham-court-road,
London, in June, 1777, will be rewarded as above, on applying to
Thomas Ireland, 4, Hunter-square, Edinburgh,
CHANGE of NAME.—I, heretofore CHARLES
LEWIS LAZARUS, of No. 23, St. George's-road, Kilburn, in
the county of Middlesex, hereby give notice, that I intend, on and
after the 12th day of July, 1864, to discontinue the use of the surname
of Lazarus, and to ASSUME in place thereof the SURNAME of
LAWRENCE, and to use the same in all deeds and writings and upon
bn whatsoever.
 ae oece

NCE.
Witness—Gab. S. Brandon, solicitor, 15, Essex-Street, Strand.
CHARLES WOOKEY.—In a suit of "Barnes v.
Jennings," instituted in the High Court of Chancery, for the ad¬
ministration of the settled estate and property bequeathed by James
Wookey, late of No. 104, New John-street west, Birmingham; gentle¬
man, deceased. Charles Wookey, who enlisted in Her Majesty's 16th
Regiment of Foot in 1844, and quitted the service at Jamaica on or about
the 7th of March, 1852, would be entitled to a share of such settled
estate if living on the 21st April, 1862. The said CHARLES WOOKEY,
if alive, is requested to COMMUNICATE with his sister, Mrs. Caroline
Aston, of Droitwich, Worcestershire, or, if he be dead, his representa¬
tives, or persons who can prove the fact, will send particulars to
REED and PHELPS, Plaintiff's Solicitors, 3, Gresham-street,
London, E.C., July 1, 1864.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) of JOHN HOLME, late of Preston, in
the county of Lancaster, deceased, and all other persons who may
have an interest in the effects of the said deceased.—Notice is hereby
given to you, that a CITATION has issued under the seal of Her
Majesty's Court of Probate, dated the 9th day of July, 1864, at the
instance of Edward Thomas Whitaker, Esquire, the solicitor for the
affairs of Her Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, citing you to enter an
appearance in the Principal Registry of the said Court, within eight
days after the service of such citation, and accept or refuse letters of
administration of the effects of the said deceased (who died intestate
on or about the 17th day of July, 1863), left unadministered by Mary
Holme, deceased, widow, the relict of the said deceased, or show cause
why the same should not be granted to the said Edward Thomas
Whitaker, as the nominee of Her Majesty, for Her Majesty's use, with
an intimation that, in default of appearance to the said citation, the said
letters of administration will be granted to the said Edward Thomas
Whitaker for Her Majesty's use as aforesaid.
A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
ALFRED AYRTON, Her Majesty's Procurator-General in
this behalf in right of Her Duchy of Lancaster.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of £3,500
£3 5s. per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of WIL¬
LIAM HILTON, of Danbury, Essex, farmer, deceased, and which
dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the
National Debt, in consequence of its having remained unclaimed since
the 5th of April, 1854;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration
of three months from this date, the said Dividend will be paid to Wil¬
liam Hilton, one of the executors of the said William Hilton, de¬
ceased, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz.:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
CAUTION-HARRIS's SPECTACLES.—THOMAS
HARRIS andSON CAUTION the public against personsusing their
name. Their business (established 1780) is solely conducted at 52, Great
Russell-street, opposite the British Museum-gate, where only can be
had their celebrated spectacles, opera and field glasses. No travellers,
CAUTION.—G. W. WHEATLEY and Co. (formerly
Waghorn), established 28 years, overland parcel carriers and
general forwarding agents to all parts of the world, caution the public
against being misled by imitations of their advertisements, placards,
and tariffs.—Wheatley and Co.'s only offices in London are 150, Leaden¬
hall-Street; Chaplin's, Regent-circus, 150, Cheapside, and 23, Regent-st.
TO Messrs. WHEATLEY and Co.—In consideration
of your abstaining from taking proceedings to obtain an injunc¬
tion against me, I undertake and agree forthwith to cease to issue the
circulars, both books and handbills, of which you complain; and I
further undertake and agree to abstain in future from using any title
in imitation of the title used by you, and further to abstain from copy¬
ing, extracting, or imitating the circulars or advertisements issued by
you from time to time. — Dated 29th day of July 186.
(Signed) 	WILLIAM R. SUTTON.
NOTICE.—CRICKMER's PATENT METALLIC
PACKING.—Messrs. Titus Salt, Sons, and Co., of Saltaire,
Bradford, having purchased and used in their works a spurious metallic
packing, and having paid the amount claimed by us for royalty and ex¬
enses, to our solicitors, Messrs. Ford and Lloyd, 4, Bloomsbury-square,
W.C., we have consented to FOREGO LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
ALEXR. ROSS and CO.
Grange-mills, Bermondsey, S.E., 24th June, 1864.
Caution.—Crickmer's Patent Metallic Packing.
Engineers, millowners, and others are CAUTIONED against PUR¬
CHASING a SPURIOUS METALLIC PACKING purporting to be
Crickmer's. The genuine packing can only be obtained from Alexr.
Ross and Co., Grange-mills, Bermondsey, S.E., or their authorized
agents. Note.—On and after 1st July next the prices will be for Crick¬
mer's patent packing, 3s. per 1b.; Ripley's patent joint packing, 1s. 6d.
per lb.; indiarubber core packing, hemp, 1s. 4d. per 1b. ; ditto, cotton,
2s. 6d. por ib
ELLWOOD's PATENT AIR-CHAMBER HATS.
CAUTION.—The patentees having established the validity of
their patent in an action tried on the 20th and 21st days of June inst.
in the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, before Lord Chief
Justice Erle and a special jury, in which Ellwood and another, of
No. 24, Great Charlotte-street, Blackfriars-road, in the borough of
Southwark, wholesale hat manufacturers, were plaintiffs, and Christy
and otners, of No. 35, Gracechurch-street, in the city of London, also
wholesale hat manufacturers, were defendants, and the jury having
by their verdict found that the abovenamed defendants had infringed
the plaintiff's patent, and that the invention was new in England and
in India at the date of the letters patent, we, the abovenamed plain¬
tiffs, do hereby give notice to all manufacturers, dealers in and sellers
of hats, caps, or helmets, that we shall proceed by suit in Chancery
against all persons so manufacturing, dealing in or selling hats, caps,
or helmets constructed on the principle of "Ellwood's Patent Air¬
Chamber Hat," unless the previous consent of the patentees be ob¬
tained; at the same time reserving to ourselves the right of taking
proceedings against prior infringers. —Dated this 24th day of June,
1864.
JOHN ELLWOOD and SONS, 24, Great Charlotte¬
street, Blackfriars-road, Southwark, Patentees for
"Air-Chamber Hats."
NOTICE.—Mr. FREDERICK STRANGE, late
contractor for refreshments at the Crystal Palace, begs to
announce that he is NOT in any way CONNECTED with the FIRM
advertised as caterers at the ALEXANDRA-PARK.—The Elms,
South Norwood, S., 24th June, 1864.
NOTICE.—Mr. WATHERSTON (late of Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden) begs respectfully to inform the nobility
and gentry that his late partnership having been dissolved, he now
carries on the same style of business at No. 12, Pall-mall east, adjoining
the National Gallery, under the firm of Watherston.
and t
MR. BROGDEN regrets to find some of his cus¬
tomers think he has removed from 16, Henrietta-street, Covent
garden. He begs respectfully to inform them that he has purchased
the goodwill, the whole of the valuable stock, and that all the workmen
remain at the old premises. He takes this opportunity of returning
his warmest thanks and acknowledgments for the kind patronage and
support bestowed on the late firm. —16, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden.
BROOKS and SCHALLER beg to CAUTION
their patrons and friends against being misled by an advertise¬
ment in The Times, from which it may be inferred that they have parted
with their interest in the old-established land and estate agency busi¬
ness, carried on for se many years by Mr. James Brooks, both in Bond¬
street and at 209, Piccadilly. Mr. Brooks, having allowed one of the
late partners to retain the premises, wishes it particularly to be under¬
stood that he is not to be found at the old premises, but that he has, in
conjunction with Mr. Schaller, removed to 25, Charles-street, St.
James's (opposite the Junior United Service Club), where the Index of
Estates for Sale, &c. (first published in 1820), will continue to be issued.
ONE THOUSAND POUNDS. —Notice.—FENBY's
PATENT ADYTIC RETAINER LOCK.—The sum of £1,000
is offered to any one who can either pick the adytic retainer lock or
blow it open with gunpowder. Arrangements will shortly be made for
the trial. All information as to details, &c., may be obtained by ap¬
plying to the patentee, Bute-villa, St. John's Worcester. By the kind
permission of the Worshipful the Mayor, the adytic retainer lock is
now on view at the Guildhall, Worcester.—Worcester, July 5, 1864.
MIND and BRAIN.—Size, form, and temperament
of brain are leading indications of mental characteristies. On
this all important source of knowledge of self and others Dr. DONOVAN
may be consulted at 111, Strand, nearly opposite Exeter-hall.
ARCHERY.—A lady's complete set, 21s.; consisting
of a superior lemon-wood bow, six good arrows, green leather
quiver belt, ditto arm shield, ditto glove, tassel, and grease box, securely
packed, and sent on receipt of amount. Archer's Guide gratis.—C.
ARMSTRONG, 174, Oxford-street, W.
CRICKET. —Beautiful cane-handle BAT, 10s. 6d.
full-size, 12s. 6d. ; best match ditto, 7s.; practice, 5s.; match ball
(Dark's or Duke's). 7s. ; practice ditto, 3s. ; leg guards, 6s. 6d. ; gloves,
7s. 6d. Rules of Cricket and catalogues gratis.—C. ARMSTRONG
(late Check), 174, Oxford-street, one door from Duke-street, W.
CRICKET the KING, Croquet the Queen of Games.
—See CREMER, jun.'s, NEW CROQUETS, noticed by the Daily
Telegraph, at the Cambridge Fêtes. Prices 18s., 21s., 25s., 30s., 35s.,
40s., 60s., 73s. 6d., 95s. Warranted durable and superior in style and
finish.—Cremer, jun., 210, Regent-street.
NEW OPERA and FIELD GLASS, and the
Reconnoitrer Glass, post free 10s. 10d., which shows distinctly
windows and doors of houses 10 miles off, Jupiter's Moons, &c. for
landscape valuable for 30 miles. "The reconnoitrer is very good."—
Marquis of Carmarthen. "A most useful glass." —Lord Gifford. "It
is remarkably good."—Lord Garvagh. "Quite as powerful as that for
which I paid £5 5s."—Major Starkey, Wrenbury-hall, Nantwich. "It
gives me complete satisfaction, and is wonderfully good.—Sir Digby
Cayley. "I never met an article so completely answering its maker's
recommendation."—F.H. Fawkes, of Farnley, Esq. "An indispensable
companion to a pleasure trip."—Notes and Queries. "Economy of
price is not secured at the cost of efficiency."—Field. The Hythe Glass
shows bullet marks at 1,200 yards, 31s. 6d. The above only to be had
direct from SALOM and Co., 98, Princes-street, Edinburgh
LEYZOR and BENDON's two guinea BINOCU¬
LAR FIELD or OPERA GLASS, greatly improved by the addi¬
tion of six extra glasses. This celebrated instrument is now constructed
with 12 lenses, at the same price, giving to it additional power, light, and
field, and rendering it unequalled in brillant definition for near or dis¬
taut observation. Will show a countenance or colours at one mile,
ordinary objects distinctly at 20 miles, suitable for the theatre, race¬
course, target practice, and tourist's use. May be had of opticians and
jewellers throughout the united kingdom. Illustrated descriptions free.
Keyzor and Bendon, wholesale opticians, 50, High Holborn, London.
Caution.—Observe name and address in full on eye-picce
ROYAL AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY of ENG¬
LAND.—Newcastle Meeting, 1864.—The Rantoone will be on
Exhibition at Stand No 152.
