TO S. LEX.—A. W. has returned from his summer
HAVE you seen the letter I wrote to G? If so,
I..
follow its advice immediately.
THE COMMITTEE of the CHRISTIAN MEN's
UNION and G.
MISSION begs thankfully to ACK¬
NOWLEDGE the RECEPT of £10, a donation from Miss Fanny
Du Pre.
FREDERICK COX, Secretary.
CAUTION.—The public are hereby cautioned
against RECEIVING or NEGOTIATING SCRIP CERTIFL

each of the EUROPEAN and NORTH AMERICAN RAILWAY
COMPANY, for extension from Saint John Westward. The certifi¬
cates arese

owner. Notice is hereby given, that the said scrip is cancelled, and
the e t o
ree


een
ns
om the date hereof.—J. S.MORGAN and Co., 22, Old Broad¬
London, September 3, 1869.
SHILLINGS REWARD.—A BUNCH of

the same to Mr. Fitch, 66, Bishopsgate-street within. No further re¬

ONE GUINEA REWARD.—On the 18th August
LEFT in a CAB, which took up a lady at St. George's-place and
drove her to King's-cross Station, calling in Great Portland-street and

tA Guinea Reward will be paid to whoever will take the same to
No. 6. Duke-street, London-bridge.
DOG LOST.—LOST, supposed to have strayed from
Hinde-street, Manchester-square on Saturday morning last, a

same, and will take it to No. 13, Hinde-street, shall receive ONE
POUND REWARD.
CAME ASTRAY, the morning of the Wimbledon
Review, a young BROWN IRISH RETRIEVER DOG. Ap¬
plication by owner to be made at Dorset-cottage, near the Crab Tree,

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—

England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of
£4.327 8s. 10d., Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing
in the names of Rev. WILLIAM FINCH, of Warboys, Huntingdon¬
shire, MARY FINCH and CHARLOTTE FINCH, both of Charles¬
street, Berkeley-square, spinsters, and which dividend was paid over
to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in con¬
sequence of its having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1858;—
Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Dividend will be paid to Rev. William Finch, Mary

other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IF Miss HATTIE HOWARD does NOT REMOVE
her DOG from the Victoria Docks, within three days, it will be
SOLD, to pay freight from New York and expenses incurred since.—

MR. CHARLES BEDELL, wine merchant, of No.
37, Mark-lane, desires to acquaint his friends and the wine
trade in general, that he is not to be confounded with Mr. Samuel

tember, addressed to the Litre Bottle Wine Company.
PERSONS of the NAMES of BRIDGES, Bring¬
hurst, Creak, Dodwell, Gater, Gibbs, Granville, Greenhill, Hoare,

Wilson, will find some authentic INFORMATION concerning those
families which may be to their advantage, in the 23d No. of RE¬

perty, and Estates in Abeyance. Just published, price 5s., or sent free
for 62 postage stamps. Address J. H. FENNELL, 49, Millbank-street,
Westminster, London.
the undersigned, James Hoggart-Hill, of Oaken¬
gate, in the county of Salop, gentleman, who have hitherto had
and been known by the surname of Hoggart only, hereby give public
notice, that I have this day ASSUMED and intend henceforth to USE
the surname of HOGGART-HILL, in substitution for my former
surname of Hoggart, and by such surname of Hoggart-Hill to designate
myself and to be designated, known, and distinguished by others in all
future transactions whatsoever, whether verbal or in writing, and I.
the said James Hoggart-Hill, do hereby authorise and desire all per¬
sons to designate and describe me by such surname only.—Dated this
8th day of September 1868.
JAMES HOGGART-HILL.
Witness—Chas. H. Edmands, 26, Carey-street, Lincoln's-inn, solicitor.
IN the Matter of WILLIAM BERMAN's TRUST
for the BENEFIT of POOR MINISTERS and for other
CHARITABLE PURPOSES.—Notice is hereby given, that an
ORDER has been made by the Board of Charity Commissioners for
England and Wales DISCHARGING EDWARD THOMPSON,
gentleman, at his own desire from the trusts of the abovementioned
Charity, and appointing a new trustee of the said Charity. A copy of
the order may be inspected free of cost daily, except on Sundays,
during the space of one calendar month, to be computed from the first
publication of this notice, at the office of Messrs. Janson, Cobb, and
Pearson, solicitors, Finsbury-circus, in the city of London, between the
hours of 10 a.m. and 4 p.m., and at the office of the said Com¬
missioners, at No. 8, York-street, St. James's-square, London, between
the hours of 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. —Dated this 1st day of September, 1868.

IN the HIGH COURT of JUDICATURE at
BOMBAY (Ordinary Original Civil Jurisdiction).—In the Matter
of Act X. of 1866 of the Legislative Council of India, and in the
Matter of the ROYAL BANK of INDIA.—Upon reading the affi¬
davit of Sudanund Balcrishna, solemnly affirmed on the 25th day
of July instant, and on hearing on behalf of the Liquidators of the
abovenamed Bank, I do order that all CREDITORS of the above¬
named Bank do, on or before the 1st day of December next, send in
their names and address, and the particulars of their debts, claims, or
demands, to the said Sudanund Baicrishna, the Manager for the Liqui¬
dators of the said Bank, at the office of the Bank in Meadow-street,
Bombay, in the East Indies; or, in default thereof, they will be finally
excluded; and I do further direct that this order be advertised in the
Bombay Government Gazette, the Bombay Gazette, Times of India,
the Jami Jamshed, and Bombay Summachar, and also in each of the
places where the Bank had agencies before it was placed in liquidation.

(Signed
JOSEPH ARNOULD.
JOHN S. HURRELL, Solicitor for the Liquidators, Royal
Bank of India.
ETUDE de Me. BENOIST, Avoué, a Paris, Avenue
Napoléon, 4.—D'un Jugement rendu contradictolrement par la
Leuxième Chambre du Tribunal Civil de la Seine, le vingt-cing Juillet,
gent-oixante-huit, enregistre et signifié, entre—
mil-hu.
lo. M. William Needham, demenrant à Phonix Works, Vauxhall, à
Londres;
2o. Et M. Julins Amschell, demenrant à Leicester-square, 20, à
ta .

uil, rue de Calais, 25 ;
Ag ssant tous deux tant en leur nom personnel qu'en leur qualité
de crummissaires spécialement nommés à l'unanimité par deliberation
de l'Assemblée Générale des Actionnairss de la SOCIETE FINAN¬
CIERE d'EGYPTE, en date du dix Juillet, mil-huit-cent-soixante¬
hurt, enregistré, et MM. les Administrateurs de la Societé Anonyme
Financière d'Egypte, dont le sidge social est à Paris, Rue Scribe, 5.
L appert que la dite Societé Financière d'Egypte (Société Anonyme),
constituée en France en vertn des autorisations du Gouvernement
Egyption des dix Jain, mil-huit-cent-soixante-et-un, six Janvier, mil¬
huit-cent-soixante-trois, et vingt-cing Aofit, mil-huit-cent-soixante¬
quatre, a eté declarée dissoute ; que les pouvoirs donnés à M. Emile
Tarin, demenrant à Paris, Boulevard Haussmann, No. 85, en qualité
de Liquidateur, par l'Assemblée Genérale des Actionnaires du dix
Juillet, mil-huit-cent-soixante-huit, ont 6té confirmes. Qu'an surplus,

qua
de liquidation, le Tribunal a ordonné l'exécution pure
et simple de la déliberation dudit jour dix Juillet, laquelle est ainsi
congue:
L'Assemblée Genérale décide et déclare la prise en consideration de
la demande de dissolution et liquidation de la
mpagnie.
En conséquence de la prise en considération et en exécution de
l'Article 62 des Statuts, l'Assemblée Genérale nomme pour suivre et
mener à fin cette contestation "MM. Needham et J. Amschell."
En prevision de la dissolution de la Societé, M. Tarin est nommé
liquidateur avec tous les pouvoirs ci-apres enumerés, pour la realisation
de lacrif social, et meme le pouvoir, sous les conditions ci-apres
stipulées, de consentir à forfait la vente ou cession amiable, partielle
on totale de l'actif et du passif de la Societé.
Le liquidateur pourra s'adjoindre telle persenne quiil lui conviendra
choisir sous sa responsabilité, mais il ne pourra coder on laisser
rendre le titre de liquidateur, cette fonction etant personnelle à M.
Tarin. I1 est institué, a titre consultatif, aupres du liquidateur, trois
commissaires auxquels il sera donné par le liquidateur communication
et connaissance de toutes les affaires sociales, et qui auront personnelle¬
ment ot individuellement quaiité et pouvoir de prendre connaissance
des livres, comptes, correspondances, titres, documents et des opera¬
tions de ia liquidation.
Dans le cas de vente à forfait, particlle ou totale, de l'actif et du
passif, comme il a 6t6 dit ci-dessus, le liquidateur devra être assisté et
autorisé par les trots commissaires. Chacun des trois commissaires
aura le droit, on eas d'absence ou d'empéchement momentané, de se
faire remplacer par une personne de son choix.
Dans ces previsions, MM. Charles Maquet, Thomas Bingham, et
A. S. Wildy sont nommes commissaires de la liquillation.
Dans les memes previsions, M. Laurier, avocat, demenrant à Paris,
Quai Voltaire, No. 3, est nommé conseil judiciaire pres la liquidation.
Le liquidateur a tous les pouvoirs les plus étendus pour arriver à la
liquidation de l'actif social; et, notamment, il a ies pouvoirs de
plaider, franriger, traiter, compromettre, aliener, consenti, main,
levee d'hypotheques, de saizle arret, d'opposition, le tout en touchant,
ou meme sans toucher; de revoouer et remplacer tous les employés
actuets de la Societé en France, en Egypte, et à Londres.
Le mentant de recouvrements excédant dix mille franes sera déposé,
au fur et a mesure des encaissements, dans une maison de banque à
Alexandrie, au Caire, à Londres, et à Paris, de manière qu'il n'y ait
jamais en caisse une somme excédant dix mille francs. Les maisons
de banque à Alexandrie, au Caire, a Londres, et à Paris sout choisies
et designées par le comité de liquidation, et le dépot en sera
au
nom de la Societé en liquidation.
Tous pouvoirs sont donnés an¬
dateur pour faire publier le juge¬
ment qui prononce.
la dissolution.
Une expedition du jugement sus-énoncé a 6té déposée an greffe du
Tritenalde Commerce dea


neuvréme arrondissement de Paris, le vingt Acfit, mil-huit-cent-soixante.

Pour réquisition d'insére.
Par precuration speciale du Liquidateur. PASTURIN.
POLOGY.—1 hereby admit that certain injurious
sinatements which I have lately made respecting the Litre
Bottle Wine Company were entirely without toundation, and I beg
publicly to express my deep regret that I should have circulated such

SAMUEL BEDELLS.
May 9th, 1863.
OUTH AFRICAN GOLDFIELDS.—The shortest
eas.
a  dost practicabte

toe t,
African Goldffields
throu.
N a tal. he gen tlemen who have joined th e as,
dition now
toin formed by the undersigned, are requested to
T  ee e ssary
BEPOSITS on or before the 1st October, that the party may be enabled
to start from London not later than three weeks after that

There is still accommodation for a limited number. For prerpectus
and particulars apply im
diately to Robert Babbs, 136, Fenchurch-¬
street, E.C.
RUENOS AYRES GOVERNMENT CERTIFI¬
CATE.—Transiation.—We, the undersigned, at the request of
Messrs. Jas. C. Thompson and Co., certify that the IRON SAFES of
Messrs. CHUBB and SON, London, of which these gentlemen are
agents, were exposed for several hours to the fire that took place in
the offices of the National Government on the evening of the 26th
instant; that in our presence they were easily opened with their re¬
spective keys; that the moneys and important documents they con¬
tained were found in perfect order ; and that these safes are now in
use in the National Treasury Office
(Signed) J. M. DRAGO (Treasurer of the National
Government).
JOSE TOMAS ROJO.
JUAN M. ALVAREZ.
Atrue Copy—A. M. Bell
Buenos Ayres, July 31, 1867.
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Queen
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONLY
ADDRESS is 38, and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—Betts' Patent Capsules.—The public
are respectfully cautioned that BETTS' PATENT CAPSULES
are being INFRINGED by importations from abroad. Betts' name
s upon every capsule he makes for leading merchants at home and
abroad.—1, Wharf-road, City-road, London, April 8, 1868, and Bor¬
deaux, France.
CAUTION—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacies of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted lenses should apply only direct to them, at
No. 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, opposite Crawley's Hotel.
CAUTION.-REGISTERING THERMOMETER.
NEGRETTI andZAMBRA's PATENT SELF-REGISTERING
THERMOMETERS, which have received prizes in London and Paris,
and are in use at all the principal obcervatories, are only to be had at
Messrs. Negretti and Zambra's establishments. The public are CAU¬
TIONED against imitations and persons representing themselves to
be N. and Z.'s agents or travellers.—Negretti and Zambra, Hatton¬
garden, Cornhill, Regent-street, Fleet-street, and Crystal Palace.
CAUTION.—To Owners of Dogs.—Whereas the
proprietors of the celebrated specifies, known as NALDIRE's
TABLET for WASHING DOGS and NALDIRE's WORM POWDER
for DOGS, have discovered that inferior imitations of their flea-killing
soap in particular are being offered to the public together with direc¬
tions for its use similar to those registered and issued by them; Notice
is hereby given, that the abovenamed Tablet and Powder are manufac¬
tured by us, the undersigned, only, and all purchasers are therefore
cautioned to see that they obtain Naldire's Tablet or Powder with our
—
WRIGHT and HOLDSWORTH Sole Proprietors.
MISREPRESENTATION.—The TEN GUINEA
SUITES, in 18 carat gold, machine made, as advertised, are or
to be procured at 27, Condnit-street, Bond-street. Mr. STREETER
finds it necessary to make this announcement, as sets of ornaments,
stated to be of his manufacture and of 18 carat gold, are now being
offered to the public, whereas, they are in reality of a much inferior
quality. Purchasers, especially in the provinces, are therefore cau¬
tioned to have the quality of the gold stated on their invoice.
HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co. now Edwin W. Streeter), 37, Con¬
duit-street, five doors from Bond-street.
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES instituted with secrecy and despatch
in divorce and other cases, by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington-green.
