CONN.—RETURN direct, and nothing more shall
ever be said.
WILL F. T. I., who left her home on the 18th of
August, WRITE to her friends, immediately ?—W. A. I.
NOTELKEEPERS in Scotland and England are
equested to notify to the Rev. DANL. MOONEY who has been
tour in Scotland, that there is SERIOUS ILLNESS in his
FAMILY, and to return at once to Ircland.
IF NICHOLAS PHENE MILL, who left Oberlahn¬
stein, Germany, in 1853, for America, and afterwards sailed in the
ship Roanoke for Boston, United States, as a sergeant of Marines, and
left that service 16th June, 1860, will APPLY to Mr. Apsley E. Briant,
solicitor, Winchester-house, Old Broad-street, London, he will hear of
something to his advantage. Any person who may be aware of his
death will be rewarded if he will communicate the time and place of
death to the said Mr. Briant.
MISSING from her HOME, in the neighbourhood

LADY, 17 years of age (looks older), luxuriant brown hair, coffee¬
coloured eyes, rather thick lips, and rosy complexion; was dressed
when last seen in black silk dress and facket, with broad sash, and silver¬
bounet with pink flowers; linen marked "Cora W.,
INFORMATION of her whereabouts to be given to Mr. Pollaky, pri¬
vate inquiry office, 13, Paddington-green, W
LOST, a small OVAL CAMEO BROOCH, without
a pin, on the evening of Friday, 21st Angust, in or near the Strand
emoruneed
given to any person taking the same to 13, Portman-street, Portman-sq.
LOST, at York Races, a GOLD HUNTING
WATCH, made by Dent, No. 21,251, engraved with a monogram

POUNDS will be given to anyone who will restore the same to Messrs.
Payne and Co., 163, New Bond-street, W.
LOST, on Monday morning, August 24th, between
Leyton and the city, a small WHITE CANVAS BAG, contain¬
ing gold and netes, about £27. The notes are stopped. Whoever will
take the same to Mr. Nicholls, Thames-villas, Grange-park-road,
Leyton, shall receive FIVE POUNDS REWARD.

half-past 11 or 12, a GREEN LEATHER CIGAR CASE, in gilt
frame, with crest (Griffin's head) and monogram (D. C. G.). Cab taken
romHolborn to Waterloo Station (Loop Line). ONE POUND
REWARD upon taking the case to Mr. Davage, 1, Little Queen-street,

FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—STOLEN, on thes
evening of the 22d August, from the Victoria Station, at Man¬
chester, or in transit from Manchester to Liverpool, one JAPANNED
TIN CASE, marked S. and M., containing about 600 gold and silver
Geneva watches, of the value of £1,500, the property of Messrs.
Schwab and Son, of 15, Hatton-garden, London. The above reward
will be paid by the said Messrs. Schwab and Son on the apprehension
and conviction of the thief or thieves and restoration of the property.
Information to be furnished to Messrs. Lewis and Lewis, 10, Ely-place
Holborn, solicitors; or to Detective Police-offices, Scotland-yard Man¬
chester and Liverpool.—Lewis and Lewis, 10, Ely-place, Aug. 27, 1868
CAPE COLONY and NATAL.—All parties desiring
INFORMATION on any subject relative to these colonies are
requested to apply, personally or by letter, to the Cape and Natal
Newspaper-office, 29, Bow-lane, Cannon-street, E.C.
NOTICE to TRADESMEN and others.—The under¬
signed, Sir John B. W. S. Gardiner, of Roche-court, near Fareham,
Hants, Bart., hereby gives public notice, that no one has any authority
to pledge his credit, nor to incur any debt or liability in his name or
on his behalf, and that he will not be responsible for the performance
of any engagement unless authorized by himself. —Dated this 19th day
of May, 1863.

BRITISH MUSEUM.—The BRITISH MUSEUM
will be CLOSED on the 1st, and Re-opened on the 8th of Septem¬
ber, 1868. No visitor can be admitted from the 1st to the 7th Sep¬

J. WINTER JONES, Principal Librarian.
British Museum, August 27th, 1868.
NEXT of KIN (new edition, just published).—A
classified and descriptive INDEX (of 18,000 names guaranteed)
to advertisements for Next of Kin, Chancery Heirs, Legatees, &c., from
1760 to 1868, post free 30 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER, 17, South¬
ampton-buildings, Chancer-lane, Lond.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sums of £39 7s. 6d. New Three per Cent.
Annuities, late New £3 10s. per Cent. Annuities, and £50 £5 per Cent.
Annuities, 1797 (principal paid in full 5th July, 1825), heretofore stand¬
ing in the names of CHARLES JOHN BRANDLING, of Gosforth¬
house, Northumberland, Esq., and THOMAS LEWIS, of Russell¬
square, Esquire, and which were transferred to the said Commissioners
in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed
since the 5th July, 1824, and 10th October, 1824, respectively; Notice
is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock in the New £3 per Cent. Annuities will be Transferred,
and the Dividends thereon, and also the Principal and Dividends in
arrear in the said Five per Cent. Annuities will be paid, to William
Tanner, of Frenchay, in the county of Glocester, Esquire, pursuant to
an order of the Court of Chancery, dated 3d July, 1868, "in the matter
of the marriage settlement of George Worrall and wife, and in the
matter of the Trustee Acts, 1850 and 1852," unless some other claim¬
ant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) having an interest in the personal
estate of ANN HOWARD, late of No. 4, Albion-terrace, Albion¬
street, Rotherhithe, Surrey, widow, deceased.—Take notice, that a
CITATION, dated the 10th July, 1868, has issued under seal of Her
Majesty's Court of Probate, at the instance of Ann Booth (wife of
Charles Booth), a legatee named in the will of the said Ann Howard,
deceased, whereby you are cited, within 30 days after service thereof,
to cause an appearance to be entered for you in the Principal Registry
of the said Court, and accept or refuse letters of administration, with
the will annexed, of the personal estate of the deceased, or show cause
why the same should not he granted to the said Mrs. Ann Booth, with
an intimation that, in default of your so doing, such letters of adminis¬
tration, with will annexed, will be granted to Mrs. Ann Booth.
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
CYRUS WADDILOVE, Proctor, 6, Godliman-Street, Doctors'-¬
commons.
WHEREASby an Order of the High Court of Chan¬
cery, bearing date the 18th of July, 1868, made in the matter of
the Act of Parliament 10 and 11 Victoria, chapter 96, intituled "An
Act for better Securing Trust Funds and for the Relief of Trusted.
and in the matter of the TRUSTS of the WILL of JOHN TOOGOOD,
deceased, the shares of the nephews and nieces, and their issue, legatees
of the residue of the trust legacy of £2,000, the following inquiry was
directed to be made, that is to say—What nephews and nieces the
above named testator John Toogood had, and what nephews and nieces,
other than James Ford, Elizabeth Parsons, and Francis Rainscombe
Ford, Elizabeth Tongood, the widow of the said testater, had, and
whether any or either of the said nephews and nieces died in his life¬
time or in the lifetime of the said Elizabeth Toogood, his widow, and
if so, whether they left any and what issue, and whether such issue are
now living, and if any of them are dead, when they respectively died,
and who are the legal personal representative or representatives of
such of them as survived the testator, and whether any or either of
the nephews and nieces of the said Elizabeth Toogood died in the life¬
time of the said testator, or in her lifetime, and if so, whether they
left any and what issue, and whether such issue are now living, and
if any of them are dead, when they respectively died, and who are the
legal personal representative or representatives of such of them as
turvived the said testator. All persons CLAIMING to be such
NEPHEWS and NIECES of the said John Toogood, late of Stalbridge,
in the county of Dorset, gentleman, deceased (who died on the 30th of
June, 1852), and of the said Elizabeth Toogood, the widow of the said
John Toogood (who died on the 13th of March, 1867), or claiming to
be the issue of any such nephews and nieces who survived the said
John Toogood or the said Elizabeth Toogood, but who have since died,
or to be the legal personal representative or representatives of any
of such issue who survived the said John Toogood, but have since
died, are by their solicitors, on or before the 10th day of November,
1868, to come in and prove their claims at the chambers of the Vice¬
Chancellor Giffard, No. 11, New-square, Lincoln's-inn. Middlesex; or,
in default thereof, they will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit
of the said order. Wednesday, the 25th day of November, 1868, at
12 of the clock at noon, at the said chambers, is appointed for hearing
and adjudicating upon the claims. —Dated this 7th day of August, 1868.
HY. LEMAN, Chief Clerk.
TAYLOR, HOARE, and TAYLOR, 28, Great James-street,
Bedford-row, Agents for Messrs. Wilson, Thring, and Nodder,
of Salisbury, Solicitors for the Petitioners.
PETROLEUM ACTS, 1862 and 1868.—The Metro¬
politan Board of Works hereby give notice, that an Act has just
passed to Amend the Act 25th and 26th Victoria, chapter 66 (1862), for
the SAFE-KEEPING of PETROLEUM. Ameng other things it is
provided—from and after the 1st day of February, 1869, the 3d section
of the Petroleum Act. 1862, shall be repealed, and that from that date
there may be annexed to any license to be granted such conditions as
to the mode of storage, as to the nature of the goods with which pe¬
troleum may be stored, as to the testing such petroleum from time to
time, and generally as to the safe keeping of perroleum, as may seem
expedient to the local authority. Any petroleum kept in contraven¬
tion of this section shall be forfelted, and, in addition thereto, the
occupier of the place in which such petroleum is kept shall be liable
to a penalty not excceding £20 a day for each day during which pe¬
troleum is kept in contravention of the Petroieum Acts 1862 and 1868,

In the same Act there is a prohibition of sale of petroleum for pur¬
pose of illumination giving off an inflammable vapour at a temperature
of less than 100 degrees of Fabrenheit; and the temperature at
which petroleum gives off an inflammable vapour shall for the purposes
of the Petroleum Acts be tested in manner set forth in the schedule

And the Board hereby gives further notice, that all licenses for the
ensuing year must be applied for, as regards the Metropolitan Board
of Works, before the 31st day of December, 1868.
Any further information may be obtained at this office between the
hours of 9 and 4 o'clock.
By order,
JOHN POLLARD, Clerk of the Board.
Spring-gardens, 28th July, 1868.
SALE of GOODS for CHARGES.—The East and
West India Dock Company hereby give notice to the holders of
sundry PARCELS 
Mahogany
Brazilettowod
Cedar
Red Sanders wood
Rosewood
Hard and unraked wood
Walnutwood.
Ebony
ilapid
ood
Cocus ebony

Lignum vita

Boxwood

Quassiawood


Satinwood
Fustic
Zebrawood.
Lancewood Spars,

imported prior to 1st January, 1861, lying at the West India Dock
Wood Wharves, that it is their intention to SELL the same for
charges, unless the amounts due thereon are paid on or before the 1st
day of October next.
Lists of the goods may be inspected at this House.

SCORGE COLLIN, Secretary.
East and West India Dock House, Billiter-square,
19th August, 1868.
CAUTION.—FOREIGN VINEYARD ASSOCIA¬
TION (Limited), Joint-Stock Wine Company, established 1854.—
Letters being frequently misdirected, notice is given that the only
address is 200 Regent-st., W., and sole Manager, W. H. PALMER. Esq.
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Queen
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONLY
ADDRESS is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—The CISTERN and other FILTERS,
officially adopted by Government for the Abyssinian army, the
iron-plated ships, barracks, milimry stores, &c., and so highly spoken
of by Dr. Frankland during the late visitation of cholera (See The
Times, Oct. 24th, 1866), can only be obtained at ATKINS', 62, Fleet-st.
CAUTION.-HOWARD's PATENTEASY CHAIRS
and SOFAS. The celebrity of these goods, which combine
luxuriaus comfort with perfection of workmanship, having caused in¬
ferior imitations to be offered for sale, the public are informed that all
those manufactured by us have a brass label attached, with number of
patent and address of patentees.—Howard and Sons, 26 and 27, Ber¬
ners-street, Oxford-street, W.
CAUTION.—The PATENT PORTABLE SIX¬
POWER TELESCOPE, to suit the various states of the atmo¬
sphere.—The public is respectfully informed that all the above Tele¬
scopes bear the name of S. and B. SOLOMONS. Ne. 39, Albemarle¬
street, Piccadilly, with the word Patent and No. engraved thereon.
PROCEEDINGS will be immediately taken against any one IN¬
FRINGING the said PATENT
CAUTION.-REGISTERING THERMOMETER.
—NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA's PATENT SELF-REGISTERING
THERMOMETERS, which have received prizes in London and Paris,
and are in use at all the principal obcervatories, are only to be had at
Messrs. Negretti and Zambra's establishments. The public are CAU¬
TIONED against imitations and persons representing themselves to
be N. and Z.'s agents or travellers.—Negretti and Zambra, Hatton-¬
arden Cornhill, Regent-street, Fleet-street, and Crystal Palace.
CAUTION.—Water Filtration.—To prevent mis¬
takes the public ars informed that the latest patent filter in
general use is the DANCHELL PATENT CISTERN FILTER
(patent sealed Sept. 29, 1863), which has superseded all others (vide Pro¬
fessor Frankland's reports to the Registrar-General, July, 1866, and Nov.,
1867), insuring as it does a constant supply of the purest water without
filling or any attention whatever. Can be rented if preferred in London,
and can only be had in London of the LONDON and GENERAL
WATER PURIFYING COMPANY, 157, Strand, four doors from
MISREPRESENTATION.—The TEN GUINEAw
SUITES, in 18 carat gold, machine made, as advertised a
to be procured at 37, Conduit-street, Bond-street. Mr. STREETER
finds it necessary to ma k eth a
announcem
to e e es sets of ornaments,
stated to be of his n.
toe a e e,


of
tre e e to the public, whereas,
tie e e et

quall
Purchasers, especially in the provinces, are therefore cau¬

have the quality of the gold stated on their invo
.—
HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and

eeter), 37, Con¬
duit-street, five doors from Bond
eet.
NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs respectfully to inform her custome
and ladies of the nobi¬
lity her establishment will in future be CLOSED at 5 o'clock on Satur¬
pays.—92, Regent-street.
