P. is anxious to RECEIVE a LETTER from

M. C. G. before Thursday, 17th.
MIGHT, Could, Would, and Should —? "The
manyonly formed one—"? Is W. Hand's address known?
FAIR PLAY will TREAT the WRITER HONOUR¬
ABLY, and he shall have no cause to regret his confidence so
TO A. C. S, who LEFT Change-alley, Cornhill,
London, about 4 o'clock on Monday, the 7th inst., is requested by
his employer to COMMUNICATE, with his wife, as matters are all
arranged and forgotten. Address E. C., care of Messrs. Pottle and
Son, newsvendors, Royal Exchange, London.
SHOULD this MEET the EYE of Mrs. FRASER,
late of Howland-street, Mrs. Hope has a LETTER for her, be¬
lieved to be important. Write or send to 62, Bolsover-street.
THE Late Sir HENRY PELHAM.—The party
who in the latter part of last year advertised in America for the
HEIR of Sir HENRY PELHAM is requested to send his address, with
a copy of the advertisement referred to, to Messrs. Boydell and Powell,
solicitors, Chester.
THE LONDON FEVER HOSPITAL.—The Com¬
mittee very gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the munificent DONA¬
TION of £250, paid by "Anonymous," towards the funds of this
Charity, into the hands of Messrs. Dimsdale and Co., the bankers, on
the 13th ultimo.
LOST, a large, BLACK RETRIEVER, half-bred;
has one white fore foot, with spot on breast, and bad left eye—
ONE POUND REWARD, or prosecution, if detained, after this notice.
Apply Windsor Castle. Victoria-park-gate.
LEFT, at an HOTEL, in Cologne, Coblentz, or Wies¬
baden, August 17, 18, or 19, 1863, an old, much worn, common
BIBLE, bound in black, gilt edged, and clasp. Name James Grant
written on flyleaf. Pencil and ink memoranda throughout. A few
sheets of pink notepaper bound in the end. Anyone having met with
this book, or able to give any information of the same, will confer a
favour by communicating with T. L., 2, Fen-court, E.C. All attendant

TO CABMEN and others. —LEFT, in a cab, on Sun¬
day evening, the 6th of September, at Notting-hill, a BOOK of
MUSIC, bound in red, with name lettered outside. FIVE SHIL¬
LINGS REWARD. Bring it to Mr. Kingdon, chymist, 78, Clarendon¬

ONE POUND REWARD.—LEFT in a four-wheeled
CAB which drove a gentleman and lady from Covent-garden

tt on Tuesday night, Sept. 8, between 11 and 12,
a large IVORY DOUBLE OPERA-GLASS, in an old fashioned dark
snap case, without strap. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Bury,
No. 26, Green-street, Grosvenor-square, shall receive the above
reward.
MISSING, from the estate of Dr. Andrew Nichol¬
son Magrath, deceased, late of Madras, the following SHARE
CERTIFICATES of the EAST INDIAN RAILWAY COMPANY.
30 £20 Share Certificates, Nos. 35,266 to 35,295, both inclusive: and
150 £20 Share Certificates, Nos. 137,919 to 133,068, both inclusive¬
Brokers and others are cautioned against negotiating these share certi¬
ficates, as they are stopped at the offices of the Company. Any in¬
formation to be given to Messrs. Lanfear and Stewart, solicitors, 11,
Abchurch-lane, London. A REWARD will be given to any person
giving such information as may lead to the recovery of the whole or

MISSING, from the estate of Mr. George Croxford,
deceased, late of 48, Carlton-road, Kentish-town, London, the
following SHARE and OBLIGATION CERTIFICATES:
Four Share Certificates, Nos. 185,751, 185,752, 185,753, 185,754, Che¬
mins de Fer de l'Ouest.
10 Share Certificates, Nos. 40,068, 40,067, 40,068, 40,059, 40,070,
40,071, 40,072, 40.490, 40,491, 40,492, Chemins de Fer de la Ligne d'Italie.
14 Share Certificates, Nos. 405,319, 405,320, 405.321, 405.322, 405,323,
405,324, 405,325, 405,415, 405,416, 405,417, 405,418, 405.419, 405,420,
403,421. Three Obligation Certificates, Nos. 230,313, 280,314, 280,315.
Compagnie de Chemins de Fer de l'Est.
Payment of dividends and interest is stopped at the offices in Paris.
Brokers and others are cautioned against negotiating these certificates.
Any information to be given to Mr. George Croxford, Olney, Bucks,
or Mr. William Leese, British and foreign stock and share broker,
o. 2. Angel-court, Throgmorton-street, London. A liberal RE¬
WARD will be given to any person giving such information as may lead
to the recovery of the whole or any portion of the certificates.
FOUND, a PURSE, containing two £5 notes and
some gold. Apply at 10, Railway, place, Feltham, Middlesex.
TO PARISH CLERKS and others.—FIVE
POUNDS will be given for the CERTIFICATE of a MARRIAGE
between JOHN SCAMBLER or JOHN PICKERING SCAMBLER
and MARGARET HARRISON, believed to have taken place in
London or its neighbourhood in the years 1810, 1811, or 1812. Apply
to Messrs. Allen. Nicol, and Allen, solicitors, 88, Queen-Street, Cheap¬
side, London, E.C.
ALBANY-STREET DISTILLERY.—Grimble and
.
Co.—The PARTNERSHIP heretofore subsisting betweeen us.
the undersigned, trading under the firm of Grimble and Co., at the
Distillery, Albany-street, Regent's-park, in the county of Middlesex,
has been this day DISSOLVED by mutual consent, and neither of us
will be in any way responsible for any business that may in future be
carried on there. — Dated this 3d day of September, 1863.
EILMIMIMIAISA
THOMAS HERBERT EDMANDS.
Note.—All claims upon our late firm to be addressed to Mr. Ed¬
mands, 29, St. George-square, N.W.
CAUTION.—ADOLPHE BEAU, 283, Regent¬
street, begs to CAUTION the public against PIPATED COPIES
of his cartes de visite now in circulation, among which are portraits
of Dr. Newman, Rev. R. M. Bellew, Fechter, Lydia Thompson, Helen
Howard, Mrs. Charles Mathews, Charies Mathews, Robson, &c. As
such copies must necessarily be inferior, purchasers wishing to have
genume ones are requested to see that each copy is duly signed.—
Adolphe Beau, atelier of artistic photography, 233, Regent-street,

REGISTRATION.—BOROUGH of the TOWER
HAMLETS.—Notice is hereby given, that THOMAS HULL
TERRELL, Esq., barrister-at-law, having been appointed by the Lord
Chief Justice of England to revise the list of voters for the borough of
the Tower Hamlets, will hoid his COURT for that purpose, in the
Court-house, Wellclose-square, situate within the saill borough, on
Friday, the 2d day of October next, at 11 of the clock in the forenoon

By Sec. 35 of 6 Vic, cap 18, the returning officer and the several
overscers of the respective parishes within the said borough are re¬
quired to attend the Court of the revising barrister, and at the opening
of the said Court to deliver to the revising barrister the list of voters
made by them respectively, and also all the original notices of claims
and objections received by them, and to produce all rate-books, docu¬
ments, papers, and writings, in their possession, custody, or power,
tonching any matter necessary for revising the respective lists of voters.

HENRY CHILD. Returning Officer for the said Borough.
King Edward's-road, Hackney, and Paul's Bakehouse¬
court, Doctors'-commons.
MARYLEBONE REGISTRATION, 1863.—Notice
is hereby given, that Thomas Hull Terrell, Esq., the harrister
appointed by the Lord Chief Justice to REVISE the LIST of VOTERS
for the borough of Marylebone, will hold his Court for that purpose.
at the Vestry-hall, Harrow-road, Paddington, within the said borough,
on Monday, the 5th day of October next, at 11 o'clock in the forenoon
precisely, to revise the list of voters for the parish of Paddington:
and will hold an Adjourned Court, at the Court-house of St. Maryle¬
bone, Marylebone-lane, on Monday, the said 5th day of October next,
at 1 o'clock in the afternoon precisely, to revise the list of voters for
the parish of St. Marylebone; and will hold another Adjourned Court,
at the Court-house of St. Marylebone, Marylebone-lane aforesaid, on
Monday, the said 5th day of October next, at half-past 2 o'clock in the
afternoon precisely, to revise the list of voters for the parish of St.

The overseers of the respective parishes within the said borough are
required to attend the first Court of the Revising Barrister, to deliver

GEORGE TAMPLIN. Returning Officer for Marylebone,
12, Manchester-square.
September 1, 1863.
COUNTY of MIDDLESEX REGISTRATION.—
1863.—Notice is hereby given, that Edmond Beales. Esq., the
Barrister appointed to REVISE the LISTS of VOTERS for Knights
of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the county of Middlesex, will
hold courts for that purpose at the following times and places, taking at
the respective courts the lists for the parishes and places hereunder
mentioned or referred to that is to say:—
At the Chequers Inn, Uxbridge, on Friday, the 18th of September,
at 11 a.m., for Cowley, Harefield, Hayes, Hillingdon, Ickenham, Nor¬
wood, Ruislip, Uxbridge, West Drayton.
At the Enfield Arms, Enfield, on Monday, the 21st of September, at
11 a.m., for Edmonton, Enfield, Friern Barnet, Hadley, South Mimms,

At the Court House, Edgware, on Tuesday, the 22d of September, at
11 a.m., for Edgware, Finchley, Great Stanmore, Harrow, Hendon,
Kingsbury, Little Stanmore, Pinner.
At the Castle Hotel, Hampstead-hill, on Wednesday, the 23d of Sep¬
tember, at 11 a.m., for Hampstead, Hornsey, Willesden.
At the Black Dog, Bedfont, on Thursday, the 24th of September, at
11 a.m., for the parishes and places within the polling district of Bed¬
font.
At the Beaumont Institution, Beanmont-square, on Friday, the
25th of September, at 10 a.m., for the parishes and places within the
seesenesso
At Radley's Hotel, Bridge-street, Blackfriars, on Monday, the 28th
of September, at 10 a.m., for the parishes and places within the city of

At the Belvidere Tavern, Penton-street, on Wednesday, the 39th of
September, at 10 a.m., for the parishes and places within the district
assigned to poll at King's-cross, or within half-a-mile thereof.
At the Vestry-hall, Bethnal-green, on Friday, the 2d of October, at 10
a.m., for the parishes and places within the polling district of Bethnal¬
green.
At the Lord Justices' Court, Westminster-hall, on Monday, the 5th
of October, at 10 a.m., for Lincoln's-inn, and the parishes and places
within the city of Westminster.
At the Castle Inn. Brentford, on Tuesday, the 6th of October, at 11
a.m., for Acton. Brentford, Ealing, Greenford, Hanwell, Heston, Isle¬
worth, Northolt, Perrivale, Twickenham.
At the Windsor Castle, Hammersmith, on Wednesday, the 7th of
October, at 11 a.m., for Chiswick, Fulbam, Hammersmith.
At the Vestry-hall, Kensington, on Thursday, the 8th of October, at
10 a.m., for Chelsea and Kensington.
The lists will be taken at every court in the order in which they stand

C. HEATON ELLIS, Clerk of the Peace.
Sessions'-house, Clerkenwell, Sentember 8, 1853¬
OPERA, Race, and Tourists' GLASSES in alu¬
minium, one-third the weight of brass, of high power and perfect
definition. Tourists' and deer-stalking telescopes of the same mate¬
rial, and of the very best make.—SMITH, BECK, and BECK, No. 31,
Cornhill, E.C. (ate 6, Coleman-street).
OPERA and FIELD GLASSES.—NEGRETTI
and ZAMBRA warrant their glasses as unrivalled for brillancy,
power, and definition up to 10 miles range, 21s, and 42s. complete, in
case.—1. Hatton-garden; 59. Cornhill; 122, Regent-street; and
Crystal Palace, Sydenham. Illustrated list per post.
OPERA, Race, and Field GLASSES, in every
variety of form and mounting, matchless for great magnifying
bower and sharoness of definition. Prices from 30s, each, at CALLA¬
GHAN's, 23A, New Bond-street, W., corner of Conduit-street. N.B.
Sole agent for the celebrated race and field glasses made by Voigtlan¬
der, Vienna. Field glasses made expressly for India, warranted to
withstand the greatest tropical heat. The new aluminium mounted
glasses (as made for H.R.H. the Prince of Wales), though of the
largest size, weigh but a few ounces.
OPERA, Race, Field, and General Out-door Day
and Night GLASSES, with an improvement which renders them
much more portable and powerful, they being suited to the waistcoat
pocket. It has always been a great drawback to the general use of
field-glasses on account of their weight and large size; but as Messrs.
S. have overcome this difficulty a more rapid sale is expected, which
induces them to reduce the prices, which range from 20s.—S. and B.
SOLOMONS, opticians, 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
FOR the OPERA.—The SUBSCRIBERS' UNI¬
VERSAL BINOCULAR GLASS is unrivalled; the 9s. 6d. 10¬
mile Tourist's Reconnoitrer, and 25-mile Landscape Glass is posted
free for 10s.
0d. "The Reconnoitrer is very good."—Marquis of Car¬
marthen.
The economy of price is not procured at the cost of effi¬
ciency."—Field. "I never before met an article that so completely
answered the recommendation of its maker."—F. H. Fawkes, Esq., of
Farnley. The Hythe Glass, showing bullet marks at 1,200 yards, 31s. 6d.
These glasses are only to be had from SALOM and Co., 98, Prince's¬
street, Edinburgh. A great favourite with tourists.
WEYZOR and BENDON's two-guinea BINOCU¬
LAR FIELD, Rifle, or Opera GLASS. The extraordinary
power of this instrument renders it adapted to define objects distinctly
at 10 miles distance, is suitable for the theatre, race-course, target
practice, sportsmon, tourists, and general out-door observations.—
No. 50, High Holborn, London, and country agents. Illustrated price
list of optical and mathematical instruments for two stamps.
CAUTION.—N. WHITEHOUSE, Optician, 2
Cranbourn-street, Leicester-square (two doors from Burford's
Panoramal, finds it necessary to inform the public that he has NOT
REMOVED, and is in no way connected with another house trading
in the same name. Established 1830.
THE FARMERS' BAROMETER, an, instrument
specially constructed by NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA, for the use
of farmers, and patronized by all the leading agriculturists. Particu¬
lars by post.—1, Hatton-garden; 59, Cornhill; and 122, Regent-street.
Admiral Fitzroy's Manual for Foretelling Weather, od.
PHRENOLOGY.—A truly skilful and candid
analysis of the mental organization of the young may be of the
deepest importance in their education and destination. Dr. DONOVAN
brings to the practice of this science many years' experience.—111,
Strand, W. C.
THE LONDON PORTRAIT COMPANY, con¬
ducted by Mr. NEWCOMBE, 68, Cheapside, E.C., two doors east
of Bennett's clock.—First class PORTRAITS from 2s. 6d. ; cartes de
visite, 10 for 10s.; 24 for 21s.; vignettes and every other style of por¬
trait. Works of art, &c., copied.
