SEMPER VIGILANS.
ABUSHEL is WANTED, at Shannon-court,
H.
L. L. C.—You allow no time for writing. Say where
M.
to, and if safe I will.
LOSEPH ENGLISH.—SEND your ADDRESS to

4, High-street, Kensington.
TIN" will COMMUNICATE with his friends
Direct S.E. Only say "Come," and see that your servants do no
intercept the interview.
MARY ANN. W.—, who left her home on Tuesday
morning, 12th September, is entreated to RETURN HOME, of
communicate with her father and sister, who are in great distress at
her absence. All will be forgiven.
LOST, on the 18th inst., a PURSE, containing a
Bank of England note (63451, 7th July, 1865), four sovereigns,
and some silver. All gersons are cautioned against negotiating the
note. Payment has been stopped. Any perso

be liberally REWARDED. Apply to the Porter, at 26, Charles-street,
St. James's, S.W.
LOST, on Friday, the 15th instant, in or near¬
Finchlane, a BILL of EXCHAE
BE for. £1,000, drawn by the
Constantinople branch of the ttoman
ies.
dalAssociation Limited),
on the London office, in favour of Messrs. .
orglad and Co., dated
30th Augee aeen
to n e e oe.


bring the sam e to e
fice of the Ottoman Financial Association,

ta Finch-lane, shall be RE 

TWO POUNDS RE
A
NO LOST, on Saturday
afternoon last, in Gray's-inn-lane, between King's-road an
Holborn, a LADY'S GOLD LEVER WATCH, by Mott, of Cheapside,
No. 20,841, with small curb chain attached. Apply to Mr. Benson, sta¬
tioner, corner King's-road and Gray's-inn-lane
THREE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, a GODD
BRACELET, on Saturday morning, the 16th instant, betwoen
4 and 5 o'clock, either on entering a carriage from Willis's Rooms, St.
James's, or in getting out of it in Sun-street. Whoever will bring the
same to 149, Bishopsgate-street (private door in Sun-street), shall receive

TENE
HILLINGS REWAR
L LEFT in aHansom

ont
tentlemen at the gate of th
e
Company's office,
wai re e en,
ay morning last, a BLACK

BAG, containing two pairs of spectacles, a pair of boots,
cap
a as
Whoever wil
toa ethe bag and its contents to Mr.
Houghton, stationer, 162, 81 .
we te, -street, shall receive the above


FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday,
the 16th inst., between Gracechurch-street and London Docks,
POCKET-BOOK, containing four £5 notes, Nos. 60,315 to 18. Th
notes are stopped at the Bank. Apply to Mr. Johnson, Regent's-dock,
Millwall, E.
FOUND, on the 16th inst., in a first-class carriage,
on the Great Northern Railway, a SIGNET RING. The owner
may have the same on application to G. C., St. Andrew's-wharf, Earle
street, Blackfriars.
WILLIAM' HENRY RICHARDS CURLL
N.
deceased.—If the HEIRS or LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES
ef W. H. R. CURLL, civil engineer, in the East Indian Railway Com¬
pany, at Delhi, will apply to Mr. Ochme, solicitor, of 221, Gresham
house, London, they will HEAR of SOMETHING to their ADVAN

LESLIE ESTATES, in the Austrian Dominions.—
The DESCENDANTS of the LESLIE (Scotch) FAMILY, who
are supposed to have put in claims in the year 1859-60, to the estates
of the extinct family of Prince Districhstein-Proskan de Loslie, lare re¬
quested to COMMUNICATE their ADDRESS to Ernest Leslic
Macdonell, 82, Bolsover-street, Portland-place, London, W.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £22 4s. Now Three w
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of EALAND
ALDER, of Alperton-place, Middlesex, MARY ALDER, his wife,
and MARIAN OLIVE ALDER, a minor, and which was transferred
to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon
having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1846; Notice is
hereby given, that on the expiration of three months from this date
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to
Marian Olive Alder, now of ago, the survivor, who has claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £51 4s. New 3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of EALAND
ALDER, of Alperton-place, Middlesex, MARY ALDER, his wife,
and CHARLOTTE JANE ALDER, a minor, and which was trang
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1846;—
Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three menths from
this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon
Paid, to Charlotte Jane. Thyer (formerly Alder, spinster), wife of
George Thyer, the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
TO MERCHANTS and WOOL BROKERS.—Cau¬
tion.—The ship Parmentier, Capt. Flerard, with a cargo con¬
sisting principally of wool, also some other produce, left Bussorah, in
the Persian Guif, on the 19th July last, bound for Falmouth for
orders. The ship put into Bombay on the 20th August, in distress.
The cargo was shipped by Messrs. J. J. Weber and Co., and the bills
of lading, which were to order and indorsed in blank, have been lost,
or abstracted in the course of transmission through the post. All per¬
sons are hereby CAUTIONED not to PURCHASE, or make any
advance on the BILLS of LADING; and any person who may have
found the Bills of Lading is requested to forward the same to Messrs.
J. C. im Thurn and Co., merchants,
ondon or to

behalf
 J. WILSONSE E
CHOLSON, solicitor, 48, Lime¬
ond
ret
NEO.
ER SOPOS
WH FERRERS
to n e ed
re.
Thomas and Mary Ferr
formerly of Great Pulteney-stree
olde

any person can give
NFORMATION as to
the e eae
eorge Joseph Ferrers is still living, or, if dead, whe
ad
ar he died and whether he left a wife, chli
or children him
terviv ingng te are requested to communicate;
the ed
The said

swas, in 1842, engaged at an iron foun¬
dry in neie  ,
en d  s last
a by his relatives
London in
844.
On
thet e e

this date application
will be mad
Her Ma.
te of Probe.
  y his next.
Prional
representative, for letters of
ses
ton to his estat
and elfets.
WILLIS
LUND, 37, Ca.

15, 186.
Septeml
IN the Matter of LETTE e,
TENT
inted to

SASHALL, of
, Pentonville-road, in the county of
Middlesex, cive e
cae e ner, for his invention of

poroveme ents in ne.
tie e e e et o

bearing date the 28th d a e,

otice is hereby,

Malter Graham, of Millwall, in th e
tn Middleser.
seed crusher, as assigne o.

teters ra ten t e.
applied by
stition to Her Majesty's Commiss.
rs of Patents
oe nventions fo
leave to enter a memorandum of ALTERATIO

NRT
of
h SPECIFICATION of the said Letters Patent; and

intending to oppose such apeti ato min,
see
areof at the
office of Her Majesty's Attorney
N. er al, 11 , ne.
quare, Lincoln's¬
inn, within 10 days from the date hereof.—D.
toes o.
of Sep.
tember, 1865.
R.A.
O 
ret.
ner,
166, Fleet-street, London.
Vitness—J. C. Mewbu n.
F E
CE.
ILAND. R.
SISTRY.—No. 214.—
on¬
g r .
tee , hitehouse, Heathside, and Old Lands Frarmn
Woking
Surrey.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th and 28th Victoria, chap.
totice is h ere
given, that on the application of GEORGR

Bickley-park, Bromley, in thee o e
y of Kent, Esq., the
tegistrar of the Office of Land Registry intends, at the



onths from the date he
of to REGISTER with an
IOLE TIT S
indeie,
REDITAMENTS in the parish of Woking,

Joe  Surrey, called G.
gers-lane, Whitehouse, Heathside
a n o a
n

hereabout, in
the ten u re s or oceur.

 Smallpeice,  
in  o hams,
te e e respe eti.
le e e h e herelitaments are de¬
lineated on the Map No. 214,

tae e applic  ant in
the Ofice of Land Registry as part of the de
cription of the same,
and thereon edged with red, together with the mines and minerals
under the same hereditaments. If any person objects to or
desires to show cause against, such registration, or claims that the
same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that
any particular estate or encumbrances charge or lability, not already
proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the
Register with reference to such hereditaments, such person may be
heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any
time before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the
date hereof, personelly or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or
otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause against, or to
make such claim in respect of such registration. Eut any person desiring
to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating
the particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in
the Office of Land Registry before the expiration of the said three
calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise he will be excluded
from making the same. The said map of the said hereditaments de¬
posited in the Office of Land Registry may be inspected at the said
office at any time befere the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof. —Dated this 19th day of September, 1865.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
THOS. A. CU S n.
ta t t tpi i i an
DID
AUMMUMS HOTEL, Covent-garden,
n¬
don, 15th Septene.
, 1865.—oeoet
to Customers.—The pro¬
prietor begs to
te inicere thanks for the kind su,

to may ears, and regrets to announce that the HOTEL will be
CLOSED on Monday, the 18th
stant, in consequence of the expira¬
tion of the lease of whie.


he house is
about to be pulled down, the site being required
the Duke.
Bee
ford for the extension of Cov
te r enarket. Aall articles of luggage
not removed from the hotel by the 29th instant will be depe

warehouse, and if not claimed within 12 months will be sold to defray
expenses. It is requested that all outstanding accounts may be paid
to Messrs. Few and Co., solicitors, 2, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden,
W. C., to whose care all communications may be addressed.
CHOCOLAT MENIER.—MENIER's FRENCH
CHOCOLATE.—Notice is hereby given, that legal proceedings
will be taken under the Merchandise Marks Act, 1862, 25 and 26 Vic.
cap. 88, against any person or persons fraudulently making use of the
trade mark, or the signature, Menier, on the seal or cover, together
with colour of wrapper, form of cakes, &c., arrangement of label,
or otherwise, with the intention of deceiving the public by causing
spurious and inferior articles to be sold for the genuine Chocolat
Menier.	F. TRUEFITT, Solicitor, 4, Essex-court, Temple,
London
IN consequence of the Jewish Holydays E. MOSES
and SON's ESTABLISHMENTS will be CLOSED on Thursday
and Friday, 21st and 22d inst., and Re-opened on Saturday evening, 23d
inst., at 5.30 p.m.—E. Moses land Son, Minories and Aldgate, New
Oxford-street (corner of Hart-street), Tottenham-court-road (corner of
Euston-road), and Bradford, Yorkshire.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—MURRAY and SON,
Blind Makers to Her Maiesty, have REMOVED from Albert-¬
gate to 90, Brompton-road, Knightsbridge.
NOTICE.—Crystal Palace.—REMOVAL of
NOSOTTI's DECORATIONS from the Industrial Court (the
space being required for a new entrance, the Committee having allotted
a special position to Mr. Nosottl). Now facing the Nave, near the
Grand Orchestra.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—30 per Cent. Reduction
in Price.—Messrs. CLARK and Co., sole patentees of self-coll.
ing Revolving Shutters, beg to announce that they have completed
their extensive works at Rathbone-place, Oxford-street, where all
communications must now be addressed.
FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.—INO. WARD,
invalid chair manufacturer, &c., begs to inform the nobility and
gentry that his business is carried on at No. 12, Leicester-place, until
the Saville-house premises are rebuilt.
NOTICE.—Mr. CHARLES FREDERICK FIELD,
late of the Private Inquiry office, 20, Devereux-court, Temple,
begs to inform the nobility, gentry, and solicitors that he is in no way
whatever connected with the above office, and all letters addressed to
him at No. 5, Stanley-villas, West Brompton, will be punctually at¬
tended to.
MONOGRAMS, Crests, &c., at FISHER's dressing¬
bag and portmanteau manufactory, 188, Strand.
LONOGRAMS.—ARMS, Crests, and Monograms
of Dukes, Marquises, and Earls. Monogram dies artistically
designed for note paper and envelopes. A pencil sketch of initials of
full Christian name, 1s. 6d.—KERBY and SON, 190, Oxford-street,
By appointment to H.R.H. the Prince of Wales
MONOGRAMS, Mediayal and Modern, comprising
upwards of 500 examples, alphabetically arranged: derigned
and finely engraved on copper by HENRY LILLIE. Especially
adapted for the use of amateur illuminators, goldsmiths, silversmiths,
jewellers, dressing-case; makers, engravers, enamellers, die-sinkers,
chasers, carvers, modellers, embroiderers, herald painters, mediayal
metal workers, &c. Complete, cloth, elegant,
on application to
Day and Son (Limited), 6, Gate-street, London, W.C.
COX and SON's CATALC
LO A MA
NUMENTS,
tomb-rails, hee
istones, memorial brasses,,
te d esignned by emi¬
tientare


ce et for six stamps. The modern progres o.
eccles
aoe e.
tie to

tondennation of

which formerly prevalled in this respect and to a desire for the adoptie
fimore
rect forms. The present
alononn

ontri

wards, this des.
atum,
aie e e e h ere ilustrated are exe¬
cuted at Messrs. o a.
Son
tole w orkshops, they can combine
economy of n
uction with excelleney of workmanship and materials,
—Cox and Son, eccleslastical warehouse and show rooms, 28 and 29,
Southampton-street, Strand: manufactory, Belvidere-road, Lambeth
GROUP, of ROCK CRYSTAL.—A superb
CLUSTER of LIMPID CRYSTAL, weighing about 34lb.,
matebless in beauty and lustre, for SALE.—At SOWERBYs,
No. 164A, Strand.
