TO E.—I only received your lettor last Wednesday.
My address is still the same.—JAMES.
FOLLY.—Do write to relieve anxiety of sisters.
Honey will be sent. Affeirs all amicably settled.
TOM. —Shame of you! RETURN, for poor
mother's sake. All is settled, and all will be forgiven.—G. F. H.
CARRY is earnestly requested to relieve the minds
ofher distressed friends by immediately RETURNING HOME,
as her mother is dying.
. H., who LEFT his BUSINESS on Saturday after¬
noon, is earnestly and affectionately requested to RETURN
immediately to his fricads, who will at once remove all his (imaginary)
difficultics.
THE CABMAN who TOOK UP a LADY and
CHILD, about three yoars old—the latter dremed in a dark blue
French merino pelisse and black felt hat, at the Crystal Palace Station
London-bridge, at about 12.30 p.m., will be handsomely REWARDED
by applying at 2, Weymouth-street, Portland-place.
ONLY SIXPENCE.—Mr. LITCHFIELD GREEN,
f Tottenham begs, on behalf of Harry Waples, to THANK
those kind FRIENDS who replied to his advertisement of 5th inst.,
and to respectfully solicit further assistance from those who can pity
a widow, with three children under two years of age.
LOST on the evening of the 12th of January, corner
ssceangestestheesensae
LONG-LINK GOLD BRACELET padlock clasp. Whoever will
bring it to Mr. Drew, b
rles-street. Westbourne-terrace,
Hyde-park, shall receive TWO POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, between 6 and 8 o'clock on Thursday evening
lant, on the way from St. Jamen's-park to the Edgware-road
probably in or near Ovford-street), a PARCEL, containing two pairs
of woollen socks, an Indelible Diary for 1859, and a small packet of
letters, &c. Whoever will bring the parce.
seessom

No. 15, Charing-cross, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, on or about the 15th of November, 1859, in
thecity of London, a WARRANT for the delivery of 983 hagt of
ound nuts, ex the ship-Gannymede, from Bombay. A liberal RE¬
WARD will be paid for its restoration or for information relative
thereto upon application to Messrs. Lewis and Watson, solicitors,
No. 25, Clement's-lane, Lombard-street, London, E.C.
LOST, on the 24th December last, a LETTER,
containing eight sets of bills of lading of the undermentioned
oods, shipped per Earl of Eylinton, for Calcutta, by Nessrs. Jaoobs,
Gladstone, and Co.—CV with T under 161 to 216, 56 bales; RO with R.
under 1 to 30, 30 packages; STG 7170 to 7206, 37 cases; Xin a diamond
with Rat the corner 8232 to 8318, 37 cases; F with STGl under 55 to 60,
6 cases; W. S in a diamond with K at the corner 652 to 653, 7 bals;
BAN with S under 337 to 436, 100 bales; T with S K C. 907 to 1001
95 bales. Any person having found or being in possession of the said
bills of lading is requested to communicate immediately with Messrs.
R. and S. Mullens, solicitors, 7, Poultry. London, E.C.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LOST, in Regent¬
street, on Saturday afternoon, 14th January, betwoon 4 and 5
o'clock, a LADY's SABLE MUFF. The above reward will be paid
to any person taking it to 10, Lower John-Street, Golden-squate.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on 3d of
January, a small BLACK and TAN TERRIER BITCH, last
seen in the Carlton-road. Whoever will bring the same to 1, Talbot
Vilias, Richmond-road, Bayswater, will receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at or near
the Adelphi Theatre, on Friday night last, a GOLD BRACE¬
LET, with turquoise. Whoever will bring it to Mr. Scott, at Mr. A.
Toulmin's, 15, Great St Helen's, city, will receive the above reward.
No further reward will be offered.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 9th
inst., a small POCKET-BOOK, containing a £10 Bank of England
note, with "Westbourne-park," in blue ink, on it. Payment stopped.
No. 02451, Nov. 19.; also a half sovereign and some silver. Any person
bringing the same to the money order-office, 32, Alexandor-street,
Westbourne-park, W., shall receive the above reward.
HORSE LEFT.—Notice is hereby given, that unless
CHARLES DOMSETT, who lived at the Rose and Crown Inn.

street, Regent's-park, London, FETCHES AWAY a MARE belonging
to him from Mr. Cootes's, Fitz John's Farm, Great Waltham, she will
be SOLD by auction to pay expenses.
FOUND, in Oxford-street, January 14, a PORTE¬
MONNAIE, with a small quantity of money in it. The owner
can have it (if properly described) by application to Messrs. Jones and
Kean, 8, Bury-street, St. James's, S.W., and on paying the expense of
this advertisement.
BLACK NEWFOUNDLAND DOG, with white
toes and white under the neck, FOUND by a groom, about the
5th of December, between Twickenham and Kingston. If not claimed
in a week will be sold to pay expenses. Address R. Scott, post office,

DOG.—FOUND, a BLACK and WHITE NEW¬
FOUNDLAND, on January 7, 1859. The owner can have him
by paying expenses. If not owned within seven days will be SOLD to
defray the same. Apply to Mr. Edwin Hall, 23, Kennington-place,
near the Horrs. Kennington.
THOMAS WILLIAMS, formerly of Cardiff, Gla¬
morganshire, afterwards of the city of London, draper, afterwards
of Canon-row and Smith-Street, Westminster, miscelianeous dealer,
deceased.—If the SON of the said THOMAS WILLIAMS will apr
to Mr. Daniel Rees, solicitor, Cardiff, he will HEAR of SOMETHING
greatly to his ADVANTAGE.
BUBLIC NOTICE.—London, Brighton, and South
Coast Railway Company.—Notice is hereby given, that all PRO¬
PERTY left in any of the carriages, or on the premsses of the Company.
previous to the 1st of January, 1859, will, unless the same are claimed
and all charges and expenses paid, on or before the 28th day of January
inst., be SOLD by Mr. PEARE, or otherwise disposed of to pay ex¬
penses. —Dated this 14th day of January, 1860.
FREDERICK SLIGHT, Secrots.
 Y.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reouction of the National Debt of the sum of £19 13s 4d. Consoli¬
dated 3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
RICHARD MOORE, deceased, of Dudley, Worcester, ironmonger,
and BAYLEY CADDICK, jun., deceased, of Tipton, Stafford, iron¬
monger, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in con¬
sequence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed on
and from the 5th July, 1836; Notice is hereby given, that, on the
expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will be Trans¬
ferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to William Bayley Leonard,
administrator, with will annexed, of Bayley Caddick, jun., deceased.
who was the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some other
clamant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Annuity.—In
pursuance of an Order of the Court of Chancery, dated the 26th
November, 1859, and made in the cause "Thellusson v. Woodford, &c.,"
the Officess of the Bank of England are directed to pay from the account
of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt the sum
of £500 1s. 6d., being the dividends in arrear on an expired annuity of
£25 18s. 9d. per annum, in the Consolidated Long Annuities, heretofore
standing in the names of Rev. MATTHEW WOODFORD, Arch¬
deacon of Winchester, and EMPEROR JOHN ALEXANDER
WOODFORD, of Queen-square, Westminster, Esq, and which annuity
was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the divi¬
dends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1840 ;—
Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, one moiety of the said sum of £509 1s. 6d. will be paid to
the account of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, in
the canse "Baron Rendlesham v. Robarts," and the other moiety will
be paid to Charles Sabine Augustus Thellusson, Esq., the persons
named in the said order, unless some other claimant shall sooner ap¬
pear and make out his claim thereto.
MISSING FRIENDS.—Persons desirous of com¬
municating with friends in any of the colonies, by advertisement
or otherwise, should apply to Mr. G. STREET, 30, Cornhill, E.C.
CAUTION to MEMBERS Of RIFLE CORPS, and
other persons accustomed to use Firearms.—The Proof Master
and Wardens of the Birmingham Gun-barrel Proof-house, having rea¬
son to believe that many rifles and other firearms have recently been
sold the barrels of which have not been duly proved and marked as
proved, and for the safety of which therefore their possessors can have
no satisfactory guarantee, desire strongly to impress upon the attention
of the public in general, and particularly upon members of rifle corps
and their officers, the necessity of being personally satisfied, by careful
examination of each rifle or other firearm, that its barrel bears the
mark of due proof according to law. A special Act of Parliament, called
"The Gun-barrel Proof Act, 1855," provides that all gun barrels, except
they are supplied direct from Government, must be proved at the Bir¬
mingham Proof-house, or at that of the Gunmakers' Company in London,
and, if they stand the test applied, duly marked as proved accordingly;
and the same Act imposes heavy penalties on persons selling or keeping
for sale firearms the barrels of which are not so proved and marked.
It is for the public safety, and with a view to prevent accidents, that
this intimation is given and, as the public in general are not familiar
with the legal proof marks, the Proof Master and Wardens further give
notice that upon application of any person at the Proof-house in Ban¬
bury-street, Birmingham, the officers of that estaplishment will examine
all firearms brought to them for that purpose gratis, and state whether
they bear the legal proof mark or not. No breach of the law by sending
out unproved arms can possibly occur except through direct criminality
of intention, or negligence so gross as to be scarcely less culpable,
and the Proof Master and Wardens therefore earnestly request that
immediate information may be given to them of any rifles or other
arms known or found to be unproved, in order that legal proceedings
may be instituted against the offenders accordingly. £5 reward will
be paid upon conviction of any offender to the person or persons
through whose information such conviction shall be obtained.—By
ordre of the Proof Master and Wardens of the Birmingham Proof¬

HODGSON and ALLEN, Law Clerks.
Birmingham, Jan. 14. 1860.
CAUTION to PURCHASERS of REVOLVERS.
—An advertisement is occasionally appearing under the above
title, stating that the Revolver Pistol adopted by Her Majesty's War
Department is the "Dean and Adams, or Adams's Revolver," as per¬
fected by recent patented improvements by Mr. Adams; whereas the
only English Revolver adopted by Her Majesty's War Department is the
Deane and Adams, as improved by Captain Beaumont in February,
1855, and by James Kerr in July in the same year." These Pistols are
now exclusively manufactured by the London Armoury Company, and
may be obtained, whole sale and retail, of Deane and Son, by whom
the original Pistol, together with the improvements above mentioned,
were first brought before the public. Officers and gentlemen requiring
Revolvers are respectfully requested to inspect DEANE and SON's
NEW REVOLVER, "the Deane-Harding," and compare it with the
above before purchasing, Guns and Rifles, with every requisite for
shooting, at Deane and Son's, 30, King William-street, London-bridge,
makers to H.R.H. the Prin.
Consort.
AECTURES
onD.
NTE.—Signor NICOLINI in¬
.
a n in a SERI e
ECTURES ON DANTE, the first to
be delivered on the 28th instant, at the Marylebone Institution, Ed¬
tereetere, Prtan
ward
letalled prospectus.
square.
a an ineets to bee
had at the Institution and
Messrs. Heselden's, 72, St. James's-street ;
ta ea e n ere,
tret; and Cramer and Beale, Regent-street

ectures are under patronage of the Earl of Shaftesbury, Vicounte
Balmer.
&c.
NOMEN and WATCHWORK.—Mr. John
Bennett's Lectures.—Mr. JOHN BENNETT. F.R.A.S., Mem¬
er of the National Academy of Paris, will LECTURE on a WATCH,
WHAT to MAKE, and HOW to MAKE IT. THIS EVENING,
January the 17th. High Wycombe; 18th e.
e

th
allsworth; 28th, Deal; 31st, Rotherhithe; February 1st, East
Moulsey;
Shoreditch; 7th. Kentish-town; 8th, Southwark; 14th.
Soho; 15th, Rotherhithe; 22d. Kent
h-town. The Lectures

illustrated
ae e a t v a r e


.
aes. Syllabuses can be had at th


tory,

ORD MACAULAY.—Now ready, JAMES
FAED's ENGRAVING, from F. Grant's admirable picture of the
above celebrated author. Prints, £1 1s; proofs, £2 2s.; a few artist's
proofs only unsold. £3 3s. Henry Graves and Cc., 6, Pall-mall, pub¬
lisher.
CHRIST BLESSING LITTLE CHILDREN.—
neemns
an entirely new plan, of the
marvellous LINE ENGRAVING by Mr.J.H. Watt, after the well-known
picture by Sir Charles Eastlake, P.R.A., of "Christ Blessing Little



cation to Day and Son, lithographers to the Queen, 6, Gate-street, Lin¬
coln's-inn-fields.
NEWABT UNION.—Limited to 5,000 Subscribers.
—For a subscription of one guines will be given asst of SEVEN
of the finesl large LINE EIIGRAVINGS ever issued, the proof im¬
pressions of which were published at 70 guineas, Theyare of world-wids
celebrity and undying intereet, Each of the seven eiven for the guinea
subscription is of more value than the single print usually given by
Art Unions for the same sum. The plates will be destroyed so noon
as the 5,000 sets are absorped, so that each subscriber will thereupon
hold a property worth at least 10s. 6d. an impression, or £3 13s. 6d. for
the sot of seven; and as no more copies can be produced, it may be relied
upon that, before long, the set will be worth £7 7s., or more. Upon
application a set of the engravings will be sent for inspection any¬
where in London. Specimens may be reon, and prospectures obtained,
at Day and Son's, lithographers to the Queen, 5, Gate-street, Lin¬
coln's-inn-fields, London.
EXHIBITION of high class PICTURES for
SALE.—Messrs. Leggatt, Hayward, and Leggatt have now on
VIEW, at their Galler
 Change-alley, Cornhill, Mr. L. V.
FLATOU's THIRD EXHIBITION of high class MODERN PIC¬
TURES for SALE; comprising fine examples by the following
masters:—Sir Charles Eactlake, R.A., Frith, R.A., Webster, R.A.,
Stanfield. R.A., D. Roberts, R.A., Pickersgill, R.A., Creswick, R.A.,
Elmore, R.A., Lee, R.A., E. M. Ward, R.A., Etty. R.A., Phillip,
R.A., T. S. Cooper, A.R.A., Frost, A.R.A., F. Goodall, A.R.A.,
Poole, A.R.A., Hooke, A.R.A., Egg, A.R.A., E. V. Cooke, A R.A.,
J. Faed. T. Faed. Linnell, sen., Jas. Linnell, W. Linnell, G. E.
Bering, H. O'Neill, Oakes, Bright, Lance, Pyne, Ansdell, Solomon,
Herring, sen., Muller, Hernsley, Miss Mutrie, Provis, Baxter, Knell,
West. Passmore, Henzell, Branwhite, and many others. Princigal
entrance by 28, Cornhill, and opposite Garraways. Admission free
on presentation of private card. During foggy weather, and after dusk,
the gallery is lighted with patent sun burners.
