LONDON, Monday, October the 12th, 11 o'clock.—


LIZZIE H.—Will you write again to your friend in
Mount-street? There was a mistake on the 25th, which can be

PHILIP. 1. 3. June 13th, 1863.—" Aimee pour sol¬
meme, aimée malgré soi-meme."—VH. LM. 11. 68. Voila une
conviction qui s'établit difficilement dans le cour, vu que l'ennemi du
genre-humain s'occupe sournoisement à dénoner les cordes qui nous
enchainent l'un à l'antre, à nous soustraire a ces communions legi¬
times ot benies, avant-couriers d'une heureuse éternité. Complice
dans le passé de ce pouvoir tencbreux, tremblante à ce moment-ci.
fidele maintenant et à jamais, detourne de moi les maux que j'ai
merité trés justement car mon ame est à genouk.—SUPPLICATION.
FIDES (Bell).—I cannot sufficiently express my ad¬
miration of N.'s most noble conduct. A continuance of it must

sent, of all discussion or negotiation with the other side. I have the
draft brief ready earlier than expected, and am going down today to
seeN. If possible let our arrangements for meeting and consultation
(for you should be present) be precisely the same as on the last occasion.

you will see this in time. The proposal for S. C. was sent within an
hour of its receipt.
MR. BRODIE CLARKE, who called at John Lilly¬

N.W., a few days ago, will oblige by SENDING his ADDRESS to
J. L.
LOST, on Saturday, 3d October, prebably dropped in

.

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a LADY's
GOLD WATCH, in Upper-street, Islington on Monday last.
Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Liddle, 196, Upper-street, Isling¬

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday
September 26, at Brighton, London, or Cheam, a GOLD SIGNET


TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 29th
September, at Royal Avenue-terrace, Chelsea, a LADY's RING,

diamonds. Whoever brings the same to No. 16, at the above address,
shall receive the reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday

tember 25, in the Haymarket, a BRINDLE BUL 
TERRIER BITCH, large size, fawn coat mixed black, white chest,
black nose ; leather collar, with beris.
person bringing the
aate.
same to 4, Red Lion-square, Holborn, shail receive the above reward.
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, supposed

ee
stone, bearing initials in old English R. L. S. Whosoever will bring


STRAYED, from Dorset-square, on Tuesday evening,
Sept. 29, a YELLOW and IRON GRAY SCOTCH TERRIER,
old and deaf; answers to the name of "Curragh." Any person bring¬
ing him to 18, Dorset-square, Regent's-park: or to Claremont-house,

FOUND, a PLUM-PUDDING CARRIAGE
BITCH. If not claimed within a week from this date will be sold

FOUND, a large BLACK DOG, early in September,
which the owner can have by describing it and paying expenses.
If not owned within six days will be sold. Apply at 18, Upper Seymour¬
street, Euston-square.
LEYS FOUND, at Garraway's, Change-alley, Corn¬
hill, by a customer—36 keys. Owner can have them on applica¬
tion.
WILL or CODICIL of EDWARD COLLARD.—
To Solicitors and others. Any person who may have prepared
or attested the execution of, or who has in his possession any WILL or
CODICIL of later date than the 23d of July, 1853, of EDWARD COL¬


uested to communi¬

MARGATE, Thursday, Oct. 1, 1863.—I, the under¬

29th September) to Mr. James Stevens and his wife, of the Hoy Hotel,
eeremoon...seaommer
sion, and hope that this will give every satisfaction, as what I then said

J. PAINE.
Witness—Donald Kerridge.
NOTICE to SHIPPERS.—Parties sending to the

muriatic acid, spirits of turpentine, lucifer matches, fusees, congreves,
wax vestas, German tinder, jackets or other wearing apparel made
waterproof by combustible composition, or any goods of a dangerous
quality, without their description being distinctly marked on the out¬
sides of the packages containing the same, are subject to a PENALTY
of £20, according to the London Dock Company's Act, 16 and 17 Vic¬
toria, cap. 100, sec. 50.
By the Company's regulations, the mark must be on the top of every
esseneseneseramsgeseettasaan
tained on the shipping note, and such articles will not be received at
the Docks until the export vessel is prepared to take them on board.
(Signed) R. RANDALL, Superintendent.
London Docks, October 1863.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works, at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C.: and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
CAUTION.—ADOLPHE BEAU, 283, Regent¬
street, begs to CAUTION the public against PIRATED COPIES
of his cartes de visite now in circulation, among which are portraits
of Dr. Newman, Rev. R. M. Bellew, Fechter, Lydia Thompson, Helen
Howard, Mrs. Charles Mathews Charles Mathews, Mr. and Mrs.
Keeley (group), Robson, Miss Ada Swanborough, &c. As such copies
must necessarily be inferior, purchasers wishing to have genuine ones
are requested to see that each copy is duly signed.—Adolphe Beau,
atelier of artistic photography, 283, Regent-st., near Langham-place.
IMPORTANT NOTICE to the WINE and SPIRIT
TRADE.—The Borough-market Distillery being required imme¬
diately for the Charing-cross Raitway extension to Cannon-street,
Messrs. JOSEPH and JOHN VICKERS, and Co. respectfully in¬
form their friends that they have taken TEMPORARY OFFICES
(through the kindness of Mr. Spencer) at the Bridge-house Hotel,
London-bridge, where attendance will be given daily, and where all
communications are to be addressed on and after Monday, Sept. 28th.
GEORGE DAWSON, Esq., will LECTURE at the
Bayswater Atheneeum, Westbourne-grove, To-morrow (Thurs¬
day), at 8 o'clock, on "Dr. Samuel Johnson." Tickets, for stalls, 3s.;
reserved seats, 2s.; area, 1s; back seats, 6d. Members, half price.
LIFEBOAT SERVICES.—The Committee of the
Royal National Lifeboat Institution earnestly APPEAL to the
public for ASSISTANCE to enable them to meet the continued heavy
demands on the Institution's 125 lifeboat establishments. During the
past 18 months nearly 500 shipwrecked sailors have been saved by the
Society's lifeboats. Contributions are received by all the London and
country bankers; and by the Secretary, Richard Lewis, at the Institu¬
tion, 14, John-Street, Adelphi, W.C.
LONDON GENERAL OMNIBUS COMPANY
(Limited).—Notice.—On and after 12th October, the Company's
large THREE-HORSE OMNIBUSES will RUN, every 10 minutes,
between the Dudley Arms, Paddington, and the City via Edgware-road,

These omnibuses will not wait at any intermediate place on the road.
By order,
A. G. CHURCH, Secretary.
No. 31, Moorgate-street, October 3, 1863.
OPERA and FIELD GLASSES. —NEGRETTI
and ZAMBRA warrant their glasses as unrivalled for brillancy,
power, and definition up to 10 miles range, 21s. and 42s. complete, in
case.—1. Hatton-garden; 59, Cornhill; 122, Regent-street; and
Crystal Palace, Sydenham. Illustrated list per post.
OPERA, Race, and Tourists' GLASSES in alu¬
minium, one-third the weight of brass, of high nower and perfect
definition. Tourists and deer-stalking telescopes of the same mate¬
rial, and of the very best make.—SMITH, BECK, and BECK, No. 31,
Cornhill, E.C. (late 6, Coleman-street).
OPERA and LANDSCAPE GLASS, of surpassing
power and light, at half London prices. Particulars and first¬
class testimonials free.—SALOM and Co., opticians, 98, Princes-street,
Edinburgh, direct attention to their, the only safe and pertect system
of adapting Spectacles and Eye-Glasses to the focus of each eye, which
has received the encomiums of the most eminent scientific men, in¬
cluding Sir David Brewster, Sir Philip Crampton, &c. Parties out of
Edinburgh corresponded with gratis. No branch out of Edinburgh.
OPERA, Race, and Field GLASSES, in every
variety of form and mounting, matchless for great magnifying
power and sharpness of definition. Prices from 30s. each, at CALLA¬
GHAN's, 23A, New Bond-street, W., corner of Conduit-street. N.B.
Sole agent for the celebrated race and field glasses made by Voigtlan¬
der. Vienna. Field glasses made expressly for India, warranted to
withstand the greatest tropical heat. The new aluminium mounted
glasses (as made for H.R.H. the Prince of Wales), though of the
largest size, weigh but a few ounces.
NEW OPERA and FIELD GLASS, also the 9s. 6d.
10-mile Reconnoitrer, and 25-mile Landscape Glass, post free,
10s. 10d. Ah immense favourite with tourists. "The Reconnoitrer
is very good."—Marquis of Carmarthen. "Never before met an article
that so completely answered the recommendation of its maker."—
F. H. Fawkes, Esq., of Farnley. "I have found it effective on the
1,000 yards range."—Capt. Sendy, 41st Middlesex, Royal Small Arms
Factory, Enfield-lock. These glasses are only to be had from SALOM
and Co., 98, Prince's-street. Edinburgh. A great favourite with tourists
TEN-GUINEA DISSOLVING SET includes a
pair of very best compound achromatic 10ft, dise lanterns, dis¬
solver, case, lock, key, best argand lamp, large panoramas, chroma¬
tropes, paintings, photographs, comic and lever slips, moving waters,
&c. Free to London or any station in Great Britain for £10 10s., only
from SALOM and Co., 98, Princes-street, Edinburgh. No branches.
FIVE-GUINEA MAGIC SET includes a very best
compound achromatic 10ft, dise lantern, paintings, photographs,
comic and lever slips, &c. Free to London or any station in Great
Britain for £5 5s., only from SALOM and Co., 93, Princes-street, Edin¬

SALOM's EDINBURGH HYTHE GLASS,
although of such high power as to show bullet marks at 1,200
yards, costs only 31s. 6d. It is in Scotland the favourite glass among
sportsmen, stalkers, and crack target shots. Only to be had direct
from Salom and Co., 98, Princes-street, Edinburgh. No agents.
LEYZOR and BENDON's two-guinea BINOCU¬
LAR FIELD, Rifle, or Opera GLASS. The extraordinary
power of this instrument renders it adapted to define objects distinctly
at 10 miles distance, is guitable for the theatre, race-course, target
practice, sportsmen, tourists, and general out-door observations.
No. 50, High Holborn, London, and country agents. Illustrated price
ist of optical and mathematical instruments for two stamps.
THE GLORIES of the HEAVENS seen distinetly
by a NEW TELESCOPE, for £5, which will also distinguish
the features of a man four miles, and time by a church clock 10 miles.
This instrument is equal in the most important respects to telescopes
costing £70. Persons are invited to apply for a diagram, with other
particulars and numerous testimonials. Sent free.—S. and B. SOLO¬
MONS, opticians to the Government, 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
Powerful pocket opera, field, and general out-door glasses.
BURROW's three-guinea TELESCOPE for RIFLE
PRACTICE possesses great power in a very handy form. Used
with the greatest success to diagram the shooting at Wimbledon during
the meeting of the National Rifle Association. This is the most per¬
fect rifleman's and tourist's telescope, and can be strongly recom.
mended. Address W. and J. Burrow. Malvern. London agents, B¬
Arnold, 72, Baker-street; Wales and McCulloch, 56, Cheapside, and
Ludgate-street.
THE planets and double stars seen distinetly by a
NEW TELESCOPE, for £5, which will also distinguish the face
of a sheep and the features of a man four miles, the sign of a public¬
house five miles, shot marks upon a target two miles, and time by a
church clock ten miles. This instrument is guaranteed, in writing, to
perform the whole of the above, and to be equal in the most important
respects to telescopes costing £70. It has a three-inch superior achro¬
matic object glass, two eye-pieces, &c., with portable metal tripod,
and pillar stand with jointed claw feet. N.B. Persons are invited to
apply for a diagram, with fuller particulars and numerous testimonials.
Sent free.—S. and B. SOLOMONS, opticians to the Government,
No. 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly. Powerful small pocket tele¬
L
POCKET BAROMETER, Compass, and Thermo¬
meter, all in one, the size of a watch, for telling the weather, the
heights of mountains, direction of winds, and temperature of the air.
Guaranteed for 12 months. Price £4 15s., sent free.—S. and B. SOLO¬
MONS, opticians to the Government, 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
DMIRAL FITZROY's STORM BAROMETERS.
—NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA have supplied the whole of these
splendid instruments to the Board of Trade, the Royal National Life¬
boat Institution, and Meteorological Society. Particulars by post.
—No. 1. Hatton-garden; 59, Cornhill; and 122, Regent-street. Admiral
Fitzroy's Manual for Foretelling the Weather, by post, 6d.
PHRENOLOGY.—A truly skilful and candid
analysis of the mental organization of the young may be
deepest importance in their education and destination. Dr. DONOVAN
brings to the practice of this science many years' experience.—111,
Strand, W.C.
MONS. ADOLPHE DIDIER, Professor of Medical
Mesmerism and Galvanism. Attendance at home from 2 till 5.
—No. 15, Russell-place, Fitzroy-square.
