AM in the country until Monday. Unhappy about
you. Thanks for letters. Hope to see you next week.—M. A. G.
LOST, on the 17th inst. (probably in the neighbour¬
hood of St. John's-wood), a GOLD PENCIL-CASE, with red
eesesense
the same to Mr. Walker's, 44, New Bond-street, W., shall receive TEN

LOST, on Ash-Wednesday, from Apsley-gardens,
a WHITE CUBA DOG, with black nose and long tail, age ten
years. Whoever has found the same and will bring him
osve¬
nor-place, Hyde-park-corner, shall RECEIVE THREE POUNDS.
No further reward will be offered.
LOST, between the Elephant and Castle and the
Farringdon-street Railway Station, in the evening of March 19, a
PARCEL of PHOTOGRAPHIC PORTRAITS, also a book of debts,
useless to any one but the owner. Any person finding either or both,
by forwarding the same to 325, City-road, Islington, shall RECEIVE
THIRTY SHILLINGS for the photographs and FIVE SHILLINGS
for the book.
TEN POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on Wednesday
evening, 11th inst., an old-fashioned GOLD DUPLEX WATCH,
in pair of cases, No. 5,173. Any one bringing it to Alex. Dow,
No. 2, Wakefield-street, Brunswick-square, shall receive the above
reward.—20th March.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LEFT, on Wednesday
afternoon, 18th inst., in a first-class carriage on the Metropolitan
Railway, a BROWN PAPER PARCEL, about 9 inches square, tied
with string, addressed "C. C. Hammond, Esq., 31, Rood-lane," con¬
taining a parchment deed, of no value to any one but the owner. Who¬
ever will bring it to Mr. Hammond, 5, Eastcheap, shall receive the
above reward.
FOUND, last week, in London, a BRACELET of
stones, set in gold. Apply by letter to J. C., post office, Wands¬
worth.—17th March, 1863.
PROPERTY FOUND by POLICE OFFICERS at
WINDSOR.—On Monday last, March 16, the following ARTI¬
CLES of PROPERTY were FOUND on two men, who gave their
names as John Williams and George Roberts, of London, but who de¬
clined to give any further address, and who were apprehended by the
police while in the act of picking pockets, viz:—A silver-gilt lever
watch, with imitation gold chain attached; a chain similar to the
above : a new leather purse containing some gold and silver coin and
some mother-o'-pearl shirt buttons; a bunch of keys, and two pocket
handkerchiefs. The prisoners are remanded till Thursday next, the
26th inst, at 11 o'clock. Any person having lost any of the above articles
is requested to apply to the Superintendent, Police Station, Windsor.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of 15 dividends on the sum of

standing in the name of ETHELBERT BIGLAND ROSE, of the
South Sea-house, Esq., deceased, and which dividends were paid over
to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in con¬
sequence of the first thereof having remained unclaimed since the 5th
January, 1853; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Dividends will be paid to John Gray,
the acting executor, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank
of England to direct the payment of four dividends on the sum of
£645 11s. 3d. Consolidated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore
eomaonemmemen
Prospect-place, Norwood, Surrey, and HENRIETTA JOHANNA
WALDBURGA GERTRUDE, Comtesse ROSSI, his wife, deceased,
and which dividends were paid over to the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt in consequence of the first thereof
having remained unclaimed since the 5th of January, 1853;—Notice is
hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,

ahe e s a  e ue
ess some other claimant shall sooner appear and

NEXT of KIN OFFICE: established 1825.—
ROBERT CHAMBERS (compiler of Chambers' Index to Chan¬
cery Heirs, Next of Kin, Legatees, &c.), 7, Whito Cottages, Grosvenor¬
street, Camberwell, London, S. Advertisements from 1700 to present

IN CHANCERY. —Between Joseph Foster Lloyd, of
Wednesbury, in the county of Stafford, and Madeley, in the same
county, coal and iron master Wilson Lloyd, of the same places, coal
and iron master, and William Henry Lloyd. of Madeley aforesaid, coal
master, plaintiffs, and Daniel Pearson, of Dudley Port, Tipton, in the
county of Stafford, and of Madeley aforesaid, engineer and coal mas¬
ter, defendant.—Notice is hereby given, that an order for an IN¬
JUNCTION has this day been made in the above cause by His Honour
the Master of the Rolls to restrain the abovenamed defendant,
DANIEL PEARSON, from drawing, accepting, indorsing, giving, or
negotiating any bill of exchange or promissory note in the name of
"the Madeley Coal and Iron Company," or in the name of "Lloyd,
Pearson, and Lloyds," or in any other name or way whereby the above¬
named plaintiffs or their partnership effects shall or may be rendered
liable to pay the same, or from otherwise engaging the credit of the
partnership in any way; and all persons are hereby cautioned against
discounting, receiving, or negotiating any such bills of exchange or
promissory notes, or having any dealings with the said Daniel Pearson
whereby he may attempt in any way to engage the credit of the plain¬
tiffs or their partnership effects. — Dated this 11th day of March. 1863.
S. F. MILLER and SON, Sussex-chambers, Duke-street, St. James's,
London, Agents for John Hunt Thursfield, Wednesbury, Staf¬
fordshire, Solicitor for the abovenamed Plaintiffs.
STAR-BRAND GENEVA.—CAUTION. —We
hereby give notice, that we will take legal proceedings against
any person offering for sale, or dealing in, Geneva in cases or casks
branded with our trade mark, viz:—a five-pointed star, having the
letter "R" in the centre ; and against any person offering for sale,

tation of our said trade mark.—HEINTZMANN and ROCHUSSEN,

MAIZENA.—It has been recently discovered that
a person has been manufacturing a spurious and inferior com¬
pound, which has been sold with the name and title of Maizena affixed
thereto. The Glen Cove Company, of New York, are the only manu¬
facturers of "a pecullar preparation of the most nutritious properties
of the Indian corn", which preparat ion the said Company have for
some years sold under the title of Maizena, which word forms an¬
essential part of their trade mark. The Glen Cove Company hereby
CAUTION all persons from infringing their said trade mark, and from
using the name Maizena, or any colourable imitation thereof, as in
case of breach immediate proceedings will be taken in the Court of
Chancery for an injunction. The Glen Cove Company also give notice,
that the sole consignees of Maizena in the United Kingdom are Messrs.
Tomlin, Rendell, and Co., 33, Eastcheap, London
HEAD and PATTISON, 5, Martin's-lane, Cannon-street,
Solicitors for the Glen Cove Company.
NOTICE.—The HYDROPULT WAREHOUSE,
27, Leadenhall-Street, and west-end depot, 309, Regent-street,
will CLOSE on Saturdays, at 2 p.m.—CHARLES P. BUTTON, Pro¬
prietor.
ECCLESIASTICAL COMMISSIONERS for ENGLAND,
REGULATIONS respecting GRANTS out of the COMMON FUND.
February, 1863.
THE Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England are
repared to receive APPLICATIONS for GRANTS out of the
COMMON FUND under their control, towards making better provi¬
—
These grants will be made only on condition that they be met by
benefactions from other sources, the benefaction not being in any case
less than £100.
benefaction from trustees, or from any diocesan or other society
or body of contributors, as well as from any individual, whether such
benefaction consist of money, land, house, site for a house, tithe, or
rent-charge, any or all, may be met by a grant from the Commis¬
sioners, but neither a grant from Queen Anne's Bounty, nor a bene¬
faction already met by such a grant, nor money borrowed of Queen
Anne's Bounty, nor a charge upon the revenues of any Ecclesiastical
Corporation aggregate or sole" (except as undermentioned), nor any
endowment, bequest, gift, or benefaction already secured to a benefice
or church, can be met by a grant from the Commissioners.
The grant will not in any case exceed the amount of the benefac¬
tion, and as a general rule it will not exceed £1,000.
Grants will be made to existing benefices. Districts proposed but
not actually assigned by Order in Council will not be eligible to receive
grants, except in cases where the amount of benefaction offered would,
with the Commissioners' grant, be sufficient to provide £150 per

In selecting cases priority will be given to those which, having regard
to income, population, and area, or any of them, shall appear to be
caessas¬
A benefice held contrary to the provisious of the Plurality Act as
applicable to new incumbents, will not be considered eligible for a
grant, except in the case where the object is in the immediate pro¬
vision of a parsonage house
A benefice which has received a grant is not disqualified, on the
offer of a further benefaction, from receiving a further grant in any
subsequent year.
The grant and benefaction may at any time, with the consent of the
Commissioners and the Bishop of the diocese, be laid out in the pur¬
chase of land, or tithe rent charge, within the parish or district, or in
the purchase or erection of a parsonage-house.
Every application must contain a specific offer of a benefaction, and
must reach the Commissioners' office before the 1st of December, in
order to obtain a grant in the following spring; and in the event of a
grant being made to a benefice, the benefaction, if in money, must be
paid to the Commissioners on or before the 1st of June following, or
the grant will be rescinded.
The Commissioners reserve to themselves the power of altering these
regulations from year to year, as they may deem expedient.
All communications to be addressed to the Secretary, Ecclesiastical
Commission, 10, Whitehall-place, London, S.W.
By order of the Board.		JAMES J. CHALK, Secretary.
Where the incumbent of a benefice is willing to surrender a portion
of the endowment of such benefice towards angmenting the income
of a district church, such surrender will be treated as a benefaction of
a sum equal to seven years' purchase of the net annual income so sur¬

A GRAND BAZAAR, under distinguished
patronage, for the benefit of the ROYAL HOSPITAL for
INCURABLES, at Putney, will be held in London, in the month of
June next.
Contributions to the approved value of £6 6s. and upwards constitute
the persons presenting them Life Governors of the Institution.
Further particulars may be obtained on application to the following
ladies: Mrs. R. Du Cane, Ashburton Cottage, Putney-heath, S.W.,
Treasurer: Miss Drummond, Linden Lodge, Linden-grove, Bays¬
water; Mrs. Le Neve Foster, Wandsworth-common, S.W.; Miss
Jolly, 13, Arbour-terrace, Stepney, E., Secretaries.
Office, 10, Poultry, E.C.
FREDERIC ANDREW, Sec.
IFEBOAT SERVICES.—The Committee of the
Royal National Lifeboat Institution earnestly APPEAL to the
public for ASSISTANCE to enable them to meet the continued heavy
demands on the Institution's 123 lifeboat establishments. During the
past year 358 shipwrecked sailors have been saved by the Society's life¬
boats. Contributions are received by all the London and country
bankers, and by the Secretary, Mr. Richard Lewis, at the Institu¬
tion, 14, John-Street, Adelphi.
ST. GEORGE's RIFLES.—The THIRD ANNUAL
REGIMENTAL BALL will take place (by permission of Lieut.¬
Col. the Hon C. H. Lindsay, Commanding), at St. James's-hall, on
Tuesday, the 24th March, under most distinguished patronage. The
orchestra, consisting of 25 performers, will be selected from the first
quadrille bands in the kingdom, conducted by Mr. Haydn Millars,
Bandmaster of the Regiment. Ladies tickets, 10s. 6d.; gentlemen's
tickets, 15s. (including supper, wine, and refreshments during the
evening)—may be obtained of the stewards, at the office, 39, Maddox-¬
street, Regent-street; and of the Hon. Secretaries,
HENRY MATTHEWS, 30. Gower-street, W. C.
EDWARD BAXTER, 16, Cockspur-street. S.W.
EVAN ORTNER, 3, St. James's-street, S.W.
THIRTY-SIXTH MIDDLESEX (PADDINGTON)
RIFLES.—A GRAND VOLUNTEER BALL (by permission of
the Commanding Officer, Lieut.-Col. Woodl, under distinguished pa¬
tronage, will take place at Willis's Rooms, King-Street, St. James's, on
Monday, March 23. The band of the Royal Horse Guards (by the kind
permission of Col. H. S. Bailie) and the band of the regiment. M.C.
Mr. Coote. Dancing at 9. Volunteers, uniform (full dress). Lady's
single ticket, 7s. 6d. ; gentlemen's ditto, 9s.; double ticket, 15s. (in¬
cluding refreshments): to be obtained of Captain Penny, 4, Berkeley¬
place, Hyde-park: Messrs. Hopwood and Carew, 42, New Bond-street;
or of the Stewards (see bills).
JAS. P. WARRINGTON, Hon. Secretaries.
JOHN FLUESTER,
PARIS PERMANENT UNIVERSAL EXHIBI¬
TION.—The construction of the building specially designed for
this Exhibition is already far advanced, and is rapidly progressing. In¬
tending exhibitors are reminded that SPACE will be ALLOTTED
according to priority of application. Forms of agreement and full in¬
formation may be obtained, and a recently printed list of those who
have engaged space may be inspected, at the offices of Messrs. J.
Studdy, Leigh, and Co., agents for Great Britain, Ireland, and the
Colonies, 27, Leadenhall-Street. London, E.C.; and also at the offices
of Mr. Ferrar, sub-agent, 454, Strand, London, W.C.
CHELSEA and PIMLICO EXPRESS OMNI¬
BUSES.—Saving of 20 minutes. These omnibuses leave the
Compasses daily, for St. Mary's Church, near the Mansion-house, at
Sh. Om., 9h. 30m., 11h. Om., 12h. 30m., 3h. Om., 4h. 30m., 6h. Om.,
passing the Monster, Lupus-street, Lambeth-bridge, Obelisk, and
London-bridge Stations; returning from St. Mary's Church at Sh. 45m.,
10h. 15m., 11h. 45m., 1h. 15m., 3h. 45m., 5h. 15m., 6h. 45m.
THE HOME and FOREIGN INQUIRY OFFICE.
—Confidential inquiries, legal and delicate investigations privately
instituted with the utmost speed and secrecy, in England and in all
parts of the continent, by IG. POLLAKY, 14, George-street, Mansion¬
house, EC.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICES, established 1852,
under the direction of CHARLES FREDERICK FIELD, late
Chief of the Detective Department of Metropolitan Police. Inquiries
made for noblemen, gentlemen, solicitors, milway and insurance com¬
panies.—No. 20, Devereux-court, Temple.
STAMPS.—550 Varieties in Moroceo Album
for SALE; cost 17 guineas. No reasonable offer refused. Ad¬
dres G. G. G., post office, Portsmouth.
