RUTLER, H.W. —Let us know at once where you are.
Your mother is ill.—EDA.
IF HENRY BELFOUR WINFIELD is in England,
and will SEND his ADDRESS to D. V. Osnabargh, post-office,
Marylebone-road, London, he will hear of an old friend.
D. B.—Your Sisters are anxious to know that vou are
safe and well. Write to us in Kent, or to the post-office, Tor¬
-place, W.C., to be called for.—C. G. B. and M. B.
ROYAL ALFRED AGED MERCHANT SEA¬
MENS INSTITUTION—The Committee beg to ACKNOW¬
LEDGE, with best thanks, a COLLECTION of £27 12s., made by
Mrx. H. T. Whitling, of Croydon, in Aid of the Funds of this Insti¬
tution.—Cowper's-court, Cernhill, 20th May, 1870.
MISSING, since Sunday last, a GENTLEMAN, age
40, height 5 feet 8 or 7 inches, florid complexion, prominent nose,
sharp features, high forehead, slightly bald in front, of military appear¬
ance, initials D. M. I. He is supposed to be labouring under delusions.
Has with him some shares on the National Bank of Ireland; also
some Brazilian shares, which he may endeavour to dispose of. If this
should meet his eye he is earnestly entreated to COMMUNICATE at
once with his brother- A. B. I., in the country. Any information re¬
spectin
him to be given to Mr. H. Smith, 18, Warwick-street, Pim¬
lico. S.W.—May 20, 1870.
LOST, on Friday, the 13th, a SMALL BLACK and
TAN TERRIER, sharp-looking face, very thin, long legs, and a
little white on his fore legs and chest. Answers to the name of
Ln. Upon restoring him to the owner, at 39, Portland-place, TWG
POUNDS REWARD will be given, and no further reward.
LOST, on Thursday last, a YELLOW CRYSTAL,
with the letters T. W. engraved thereou. ONE SOVEREIGN
REWARD on its being taken to the Wine Cabin, 52, Coleman¬

LOST, on Wednesday, the 18th inst., in Oxford-street,
between Vere-street and the Marble Arch, a GOLD GENEVA
WATCH, enamel dial, with letters instead of figures, Swiss landseape
at back, small chain attached. Whoever will take the same to 19,
Welbeck-street, Cavendish-square, will be bandsomely REWARDED.
LOST, on the morning of the 19th inst., FOUR
FIVE POUND BANK of ENGLAND NOTES, numbered
A76 48,951 to 54, dated 30th April, 1870. The finder will be RE¬
WARDED on taking them to A. G., No. 2. Waterloo-place, Pall-mall.
Tha notes have been stopped.
LEFT in  CAB, on Monday evening May 9th, at
the door of the Princess's Theatre, a BLACK DOUBLE OPERA¬
GLASS, maker's name Callaghan, engraved on the draws. Whoever
a

shall receive TWO POUNDS REWARD.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 19th
inst., an old-fashioned LIGHT-COLOUR TOPAZ BROOCH,
large stone laid in gold, with a narrow finted border round it. Who¬
ever will take it to Mrs. Bath, 34, Wellington-street, Strand, shall
receive the above reward.
FOUND in the summer of 1868, at Bayswater, a
LACE SCARF, with embroidered edge. Send-address to A. T.,
No. 60, Pownall-road, Dalston.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National. Debt of the sum of £44 14s. 1d. Con¬

aan.
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
CHARLOTTE BELL, of Upper George-street, Bryanston-square,
widow, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in conse¬
quence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the
5th January, 1860 ; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of
three months from this date, the said atock will be Transferred, and
the Dividends thereon Paid, to Charlotto Bell, who has claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the ro-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £117 4s. 2d. New £3 per
tent. Annuities, hereto o r
ensessmss
VILLE and FRANCES DOMVILLE, both of Eastbourne, Sussex,
spinsters, and HENRIETTA CORNELIA SKERRETT, of Beaumont-¬
street, Devonshire-place, spinster, and which was transferred to the
said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having
remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1860;—Notice is hereby given
that on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Sarah Dom¬
ville, Frances Domville, and Henrietta Cornella Skerrett, who have
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
a ad make out his claim thereto 
NORTH-EAST METROPOLITAN AUDIT
DISTRICT.—Whitechapel Union.—I, the undersigned Thomas
Wrake Ratcliff, Attorney-at Law, Auditor of the above named dis¬
trict, do hereby give notice that I have appointed the AUDIT of the
ACCOUNTS of the WHITECHAPEL UNION, and of the parishes
therein contained, for the half-year ended the 25th March, 1870, to
commence on Friday, the 3d day of June, 1870, at 12 o'clock noon,
at the Workhouse of the said Union, whon and where all persons
who by law are bound to account at such audit are required to attend,
and to submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers, containing
or relating to the accounts, or to moneys assessed for, and applicable
to, the relief of the poor.—Dated the 19th day of May, 1870.
THOS. W. RATCLIFF, District Auditor.
MISSING FRYENDS, Unclaimed Money, &c.—
INQUIRIES made in America and Australia, through 2,600
correspondents. Advertisements, inserted in foreign newspapers,
Index to 22,000 advertissments for next of kin, beirs at law, and lega
tees, 30 stamps.—ROBERT GUN.S, Prince of Wales-road, London, N.W.
NOTICE.—HENRY BENNETT, son of John and
Ann Bennett, of Cholsey, in the county of Berks.—Whereas
John Asbby, late of Clifton Hampden, in the county of Oxford, gen¬
tleman, by his last will and testament, bearing date the 17th day of
June, 1843, bequeathed to Joseph Christopher Latham, Robert Saun¬
ders, and George Saunders, the sum of £1,152 upon trust, to pay the
interest and dividends thereof unto his sister, Ann Bennett, the wife
of John Bennett, of Cholsey, in the county of Berks, relieving officer,
during her natural life, and from and immediately after her decease,
"upon trust, to pay, assign, and transfer the said sum of £1,152, and
the securitles, stocks, or funds in or upon which the same may then
be placed out, or invested, into or equally between and amongst all
and every the child and children of my said sister, Ann Bennett, who
shall be then living, and the issue of such of her children as shall
have died in her lifetime leaving issue, him, her, or them surviving
such issue to take the share only to which his her, or their parent or re¬
spective parents would have been entitled if such parent or parents
had been living at the time of the decease of my said sister, Ann
Bennett, and if more than one in equal shares:" and, whereas the
said testator died on the 2d day of June, 1344, and his said will was
duly proved in the Prerngative Court of Canterbury on the 3d day of
August, 1844, by the said Joseph Christopher Latham, Robert Saun¬
ders, and George Saunders, the executors thereof; and whereas the
said Ann Bennett died on the 21st day of January, 1870, up to which
time she duly received the interest of the said trust moneys, and upen
her death the said principal trust fund has now become divisible
among the childeen of the said Ann Bennett, in conformity to
the trusts of the said will of the said John Ashby; and whereas by
the said will it was provided that if any legatee, who under or by
virtue of the bequests therein contained should become entitled to
any legacy thercunder, should at the time when such legacy should
become payable be out of England, and should not for the space of 12
calendar months from the time such legacy should become payable
return to England to receive the same, the said legaey or legacies
should, at the expiration of the said 12 calender months, be absolutely
forfeited, and should sink into and become part of the said testator's
residuary personal estate ; and whereas Henry Bennett is one of the
children of the said Aun Bennett, and his place of residence is un¬
known, but he is believed to be out of England;—Notice is therefore
hareby given to the said Henry Bennett, that if he shall not within 12
calendar mouths from the decease of the said Ann Bennett, make per¬
sonal application for the said legacy to the said executors or one of
them, he will forfeit the same, and such legacy will fall into and be¬
come part of the residuary personal estate of the said John Ashby, and
be dealt with accordingly. —Dated this 18th day of May, 1870.
R. W. ATKINSON, Wallingford, Berks, Solicitor to
the abovenamed Executors.
WHEREAS CHARLES CONINGHAM
CONINGHAM, of No. 17, Fall-mall, in the county of Middle¬
sex, Esq., and GEORGE AXTON, of Wilton-house, Shepherd's-bush,
in the said county, Esq., being respectively interested under the provi¬
sions of "the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of
Lands," in the LAND and HEREDITAMENTS set forth in the
schedule hereunder written, with the easements and appurtenances
thereunto belonging, and being desirous of effecting an EXCHANGE
of the same, have made application in writing to the Inclosure Com¬
missioners for England and Wales to direct inquries whether such
proposed exchange would be beneficial to the owners of such respective
lands and hereditaments, and to proceed with the same under the
provisious of the said Acts;—Now, the Inclosure Commissioners for
England and Wales, being of opinion that euch exchange would be
beneficial, and that the terms thereof are just and reasonable hereby
give notice that they will cause to be framed and confirmed, under
their hands and seal, an order of exchange in the matter of the said
application, unless notice in writing of dissent to the said proposed
exchange be given to them by some person entitled to an estate in, or
to a charge unon, the said land and hereditaments, or any part
thereof, on or before the 22d day of August next.
The Schedule to wich the foregoing notice refers.
Land and hereditaments, in which the abovenamed Charies Coning¬
ham Coningham is interested, situate in the parish of Hammer¬
smith, in the county of Middiesex, and proposed to be exchanged
for the land and hereditaments hereinafter specified:—
No. on
Description.
a.r. p.
Tithe Map.
Se o n nd at Shopherersbuet, mown as)

020
of Mr. Brown
Land and hereditaments in which the abovenamed Geo
Axton is
terested situate in the parish of Hammersmith, in the county of
Middlesex, and proposed to be exchanged for the land and heredita¬
mente hereinbefore specified:—

Dascription.
a. r. p.
Tithe Map.
Wrie of and at Sbopherrsbuh, inomn as)
Streetsland, in the occupation of Mr.
Part 1759.
02  0

Witness my hand this 5th day of May, in the year of our Lord 1870.
. H. PYNE, by order of the Board.
aiclosure Commission, 3, St. James's-square, London, S.W.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—We beg to announce that from
this date DINNEFORD'S FLUID MAGNESIA may be obtained
at most of the principal pharmacies of France, Belgium, and Italy.
an, 1, 1870
DINNEFORD and Co.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE. —Each bottle of
this celebrated szuce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label, used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby.
CLOTHING and SHIRTS.—Notice.—Infringement
of Trade Mark. "Axe Brand Best Value for Moncy." Whole¬
sale buyers are CAUTIONED that goods of this registered brand can
only be obtained from FAVELL and Co., 12. St. Mary-axe.
CAUTION.—The NEW DERBY GARDEN SEAT,
with awnig or sun shade, casn
 procured from the inven¬
tors and sole makers, J. and G. HAYWOOD, Derby. Drawings' and
prices on recetpt of stamped envelor
CAUTION.—CHUBBS PATENT SAFES, for
effectually securing books, deeds, cash, plate, and jewels, from
fire and burglars, can be obtained in London only, at Chubb and Son's,
No. 57, St. Paul's churchyard.
CAUTION.—VOIGTLANDERS OPERA and
RACE GLASSES. The genuine bear the following inscription
on the stides—"Callaghan, sole agent, 23a, New Bond-street, corner of
Conduit-Street. By appointment. N.B. Prices now reduced.
CAUTION.—JOHN WILLIAM ROPE, Cook and
Confectioner, 27 and 28, Hyde-park-place, W., near the Marble
Arch, begs to inform his patrons that he has no connexion with any
other house of business in the same name.
CAUTION.—HARRIS'S SPECTACLES.—THOMAS
HARRIS and SON CAUTION the public against persons using
their name. Their business, established 1780, is solely conducted at 52,
Great Russell-street, opposite the British Museum-gate, where only can
be had their celebrated spectacies, opera, and fiel
dasses, No travellers.
CAUTION.—The PATENT NORWEGIAN
SELF-ACTING COOKING APPARATUS and SIMPLE
REFRIGERATOR. Four prize medals. Sole Licensees and Manu¬
facturers, S. W. SILVER and Co., 2, 3, and 4. Bishopsgate within,
and 66 and 67, Cornhill, London, E.C. Works, Limehouse, 1
CAUTION.—BETTS'S CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of capsules made in contravention
of his rights, which necessarly are numerous, Betty being the original,
inventor and sole maker in the United Kingdom.—1. Wharf-road, City¬
road, London; and Bordeaux, France.—April 8, 1869.
CAUTION.—PANCREATIC EMULSION and
PANCREATINE.—We hereby caution the public against in¬
ferior preparations of the above Medicines. Purchasers should see
that each bottle bears our nanie and trade mark.
SAVORY and MOORE, 143, New Bond-Street, London.
March, 1870.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to cantion their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name, Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted and registered achromatic lenses should
apply only direct to them, at 30, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHERS 50s. BINOCULAR
OPERA and FIELD GLASS.—The public are cautioned
against purchasing glasses faisely represented to be of Pillischer's
make. The genuiue bear his name and address, and can only be ob¬
tained of the sole manufacturer, M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New
Bond-street.
CAUTION.—The CISTERN and other FILTERS,
officially adopted by Goyernment for the Roval Navy, Indian
Barracks, Military Stores, Iron-plated Troopships, Abyssinian Army,

the late visitation of cholera (see The Times. Oct. 24th, 1866), can only
be obsained at ATKINS'S, 62, Fleet-Street, London, E.C.
NOTICE.—HOWARD and SONS beg to notify to
their patrons and the public that their EASY CHAIR and
SOFASHOW ROOM S 

CLOSE at TWOp.m. on SATURDAYS. —26, 26, and 27, Barners-st., W.
