ECEIVED £20 from B. R. E. B. is truly thankful.
Trusting you are quite well.
NOTCHEWITCHI to BROKEN PUNCH.—Juva's
Lil was chored by so-called Romni-chee-chee Rom-believe No
huckaben. Rescue Lil if possible. "Juva" and "Choomer" both in.
Words from Leland.
IF WILLIAM MULLIGAN, late of Drogheda, will
COMMUNICATE with his son. P. Mulligan, at 56, Watling¬
street, Dublin he will hear of something to his advantage.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—ABS¬
CONDED charged with felony, FRANCIS KEELING
HOLDSWORTH, late Manager of the North Kent Bank, Black¬
heath, and resided at Northbrook-road, Manor-park, Lee, Kent. De¬
scription—age 42, looks oldor, height 5ft. 7 or 8 inches, stout build,
florid complexion, brown eyes, slight defect or cast in one, gray hair,
whiskers, and moustache, rather bald on top of head, roiling gait,
prusque manner, good-looking. Was last seen at Blackheath on the
morning of the 26th of January last. Whereas a warrant has been
issued by the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the apprehen¬
sion of the said Francis Keeling Holdeworth, the above reward, will¬
be paid by the Directors of the North Kent Banking Company for
such information as shall lead to his arrest. Information to be given
to the Inspestor, City of London Police, Detective Department, 26,Old
Jewry, London, E.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of three Dividends on the sum of
£993 12s. 10d. Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore stand¬
ing in the names of EMANUEL YOUNG, of North Shields, and
CHARLES OCTAVIUS YOUNG, of South Shields, Shipowners and
Dockowners, and which Dividends were paid over to the Commis¬
sioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of the
first thereof having remained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1868;—
Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from
this date (February 28, 1878), the said Dividends will be paid to
Emanuel Young and Charles Octavius Young, who have claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out

CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand, W. C.
President, Lord OVERSTONE.—The Governors thankfully
ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEPT of £5 5s. from General the Lord
Rokeby, K.C.B.—HENRY WOOLCOTT. Sec.
CHELSEA HOSPITAL for WOMEN, King's-road,
S.W.—The Committee beg to express their grateful ACKNOW¬
LEDGMENT of a CONTRIBUTION of £10 10s., from Miss Hulse,
and £1 from Miss Gilby, in aid of the urgently-needed funds for
building the new Hospital.—J. S. WOOD, Secretary.
WESTMINSTER HOSPITAL, Broad Sanctuary,
S.W.—The Repairs and Improvement Committee have the
leasure to ACKNOWLEDGE  SECOND DONATION of £25, from
Mrs. Tominson, and one of £31 10s., from Messrs. John Mowlem and
Co., to the Repair Fund.—P. P. BOUVERIE, Treasurer and Chair¬
man of Committee.
MATIONAL HOSPITAL for DISEASES of the
HEART and PARALYSIS, Soho-square, W.—Treasurer, the
Earl of GLASGOW.—Special Fund for Repairs and Enlargement.—
The Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE DONATIONS of
£10 10s. from Miss Forbes, and £5 from Mrs. John Bell, towards the sum
of £1,000 required for above purpose.—H. SEYMOUR HILL, Sec.
OREADNOUGHT.—SEAMENS HOSPITAL,
Greenwich, S.E.—The Committee gratefully ACKNGWLEDGE
the RECEIPT of the following SUMS, towards the £6,000 required
to enable them to defray the current expenses of the present year.—
Miss E. Hale (annual, £2 2s.; D. Monteith, Esq., £2 2s.—HENRY C.
BURDETT, Secretary.
LOST, on Monday, 25th inst., in Belgravia, a SMALL
BOOK, bound in blue, title "Wnere is it." Any one who takes
the same to 85, Eaton-square, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, upon the 10th December, 1877, from the
2.15 p.m. train Oxford to London, a LARGE BROWN
LEATHER PORTMANTEAU, containing clothing, boots, brushes,
&c., said to have han "E. Hopkins" upon parchment label tied to one
of the handles, and several old railway labels pasted upon it. TEN
POUNDS REWARD will be paid for such information as will lead
to the recovery of the portmantean and contents, on application to
Mr. W. T. Mason, Special Police Department, Great Western Rail¬
way, Paddington.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday,
25th inst., in Westbourne-grove, between 3.30 and 4 p.m., a
BROWN MOROCCO PURSE, containing £5 note, £4 10s. in gold,
silver, and stamps. Whoever will take it to Mr. Miles, Grocer, Queen's-¬
road, Bayswater, shall receive the above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday.
the 24th inst., in Hyde-park, a GOLD HALF HUNTER
WATCH, with the initials J. L. engraved on the back; the maker's
name (Alex. Guillaume) engraved inside. Any person taking the same
to Mr. Gaze, 297, Liverpool-road, Islington, shall receive the above
reward.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on Sunday, Feb.
17th,  BRINDLE SCOTCH TERRIER BITCH. Answers to
the name of Frisk. Whoever will take the same to 24, Queen's-gate¬
mews, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—DOG LOST—a York¬
shire Terrier, blue and tan, answers to the name of Bob—in Pall¬
mall or St. Jamess-street, at midday on 20th inst. Any one taking
the dog to 51, Connaught-street, W., shall be paid above reward.
IN the matter of the UNION of the BENEFICE of
the Parish of SAINT DIONIS BACKCHURCH in the City of Lon¬
non with the Benclice (being an Untted Rectory) of All Hallows Lom¬
bard-street with Saint Senet Gracechurch and Saint Leonard Eastcheap
in the same City. Notice is hereby Given that in accordance with the
Provisions of the Act of Parlament 23 and 24 Vict cap., 142 the
Remains of all persons interred in or under the Church of Saint
Dionis Backchurch in the City of London and the Tablets or Monu¬
ments erected to the memory of any person in the said church will
be shortly removed. The Heirs Executors Administrators Rolatives
or Friends of any such persons interred may on proving their Title
to the satisfuction of the Churchwardens have the option of REMOV¬
ING the REMAINS of such persons under proper directions to any
consecrated Church or Burial Ground and also of removing such
Tablets or Monuments. The expenses of such removal not exceeding
ten pounds are under the said Act of Parliamont to be paid by
the Ecclesiastical Commissioners out of a fund to be provided by
them. In the event of no notice being received by me on or before
the 1st day of May next from the Heirs Executors Administrators
Relatives or Friends of such persons of their wish to the contrary the
remains of such persons will by and under the direction of the Com¬
missioners of Sewers of the City of London be removed to and interred
in the City of London Cemetery at Ilford in the County of Essex,
The Tablets and Monuments will be carefully removed to the Church
of All Hallows Lombard Street in the City of London.
H. J. GODDEN Lime Street Chambers 21 Lime Street E.C.
Solicitor acting for and on behalf of the Churchwardens of
Saint Dionis Backchurch.
22nd February 1878
MANAWATU LAND ORDERS.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the 30th day November, 1877, an Act was passed
by the General Assembly of New Zealand, intituled an Act to provide
for the satisfaction of certain Land Orders issued by the New Zealand
Company, and theretofore exercised in the Manawatu or Horowhenua
districts, within the aforesaid Company's settlement at Wellington.
The attention of every person claiming under any such Land Orders
as aforesaid is drawn to the provisions of the said Act next follow¬
ing, that is to say:—
Every person claiming land within the Provincial District of Wel¬
lington under any Land Order originally issued by the New Zealand
Company, and which has been exercised in the Manawatu or Horew¬
honua Districts, muss, within 12 months from the 30th November, 1877,
if he be a resident in the Colony, and within two years from such date
if he be resident clsewnere, give notice in writing, by himself or his
agent to the Commissioner appointed for the District of Wellington
under the Ordinance of the Legisiative Council of the Islands of New
Zealand, Session 11, No. 15, for the hearing and decision of his claim
under the provisions of the said Act, and at the time of making his
application for the satisfaction of his claim must lodge with the Com¬
missioner the origmal land order under which he claims to be entitled
to select any section of land, unless such land order shall previously
have been lodged with the Commissioner no claim can be heard and
determmed until such origmal land order is lodged, or proof of the
loss given to the satisfaction of the Commissioner.
The Commissioner will report to the Governer the name of the per¬
son found to be entitled to land under any particular land order; the
particular number thereof, the fact of such land order having been
loaged with him, or of his having received satisfactory proof of the
loss thereof, and the amount in value stated in such land order, such
report is to be considered and sapproved by the Governor in Council,
and forthwith published in the New Zealand Gazette, with the date
of the approval attached thereto.
Notification of the Governor's approval is a sufficient warrant to the
Commissioner to issuc to the persons named in such approved report
as being entitied to land, scrip for the amount of money originally
paid for the land order under which any such persons have been found
to be entitled, together with compensation to the amrount of £1 for
every £1 steriing represented by such land order added thereto; so
that every person found entitled shall receive £2 in value for every
20s. in value to which he shall have been found entitled, except in
cases of lost land orders, in which case proceedings must be taken
under the Lost Land Orders Act, 1861.
No scrip can be delivered by the Commissioner until the land order
in satisfaction of which such scrip is issued has been cancelled by
him.
Upon the receipt of scrip all the right, title, interest, claim, and de¬
mand of the person to whom the same is issued, and of all other per¬
sons whatsoever, to the land in respect of which scrip shall have been
issued is extinguished; and the issue of such scrip is, both at law and
in equity, a full and complete performance by the Crown, on behalf of
the New Zealand Company, of the contract or obligation of the Com¬
pany in respect of which such scrip shall have been issued.
All scrip to be issued under the authority of the said Act is trans¬
forable and is receivable as cash by the Receiver of Land Revenue, in or
towards the purchase of waste lands of the Crown in any part of the
provincial district of Wellington, but not elsewhere, and must be exer¬
cised within five years from the date of its issue ; claims for the exer¬
cise of scrip not made within such period of five yoars are barred.
The Commissioner cannot entertain or investigate any claims in
which the claimant shall not have notified his intention to have his
claim heard and decided under the provisions of the said Act within
the time limited for making such application. All claimants failing
to avail themselves of the provisions of the said Act are barred, and
their claim extinguished by reason of such default.
Claimants not resident within the Colony of New Zealand should
forthwith appoint a duly authorized agent to do and perform what¬
ever may be requisite to obtain, the benefit of the said Act.—Dated
at Wellington this 9th day of January, 1878.
(Signed) DAVID LEWIS, a Commissoner for the purposes
of the above referred to Act.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP
heretofore existing botween the undersigned William Limner
Dawson, of No. 15, Fenchurch-street, in the City of London, Brewery
Agent and Auctioneer, and Richard Wilmot, of Peckham, in the
County of Surrey, Brewer, trading as W. L. Dawson and Co., at the
Sheaf Brewery, Peckham aforesaid, has been this day DISSOLVED
by mutual consent. —Dated this 21st day of February, 1878.
WM. L. DAWSON.

RICHARD WILMOT.
Witness—John Andrews, 45, Fenchurch-Street, London, Solicitor.
WATER ANALYSIS.—Professor WANKLYN,
Lecturer on Cnemistry and Physics at St. George's Hospital,
Public Analyst for Buckinghamshire, Buckingham, High Wycombe,
Peterborough, and Shrewsbury, has REMOVED to 7, Westminster¬
chambers, Victoria-street, S.W.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c.—A
REGISTER, containing the names of all persons who have been
advertised for to claim money and property as next of kin since 1700.
Post free 2s. 1d.—Dougal and Co., 225, Strand W.C.
TAXATION of SILVER PLATE.—An effort will
be made to obtain the REPEAL of the DUTIES upon GOLD
and SILVER PLATE in the prosent Session of Parliament For all
statistical information application should be made to EDWARD J.
WATHERSTON, 12, Pall-mall east, London.
NOTICE to SILVERSMITHS.—MEMBERS of the
TRADE, who regard the notice recently issued by the Gold¬
amiths' Company, virtually prohibiting the importation, for purpose
of sale, of foreign manufactured p ate, as being utterly at variance
with the spirit of the age, and altogether subversive of the principles
of modern free-trade legislation, and who desire to see the abolition
of all antiquated, effete, and mischievous laws by which the silver trade
is now harassed, manfestly to the disadvantage of more than 11,000
licensed dealers in the United Kingdom, are requested to COM¬
MUNICATE with Edward J. Watherston, 12, Pall-mall east, London.
CUTTER YACHT, 78 tons, for SALE. Apply to J.
Arnell, 38, Alfred-street, East Cowes, Isle of Wight.
NESES. —M. WISONS INSTTUTION, 38,
Wimpole-street, Cavendish-square, London, W.
For upwards of 12 years the most eminent of the medical profes¬
sion and the public have been supplied at a moment's notice with
my Nurses, who reside at 96, Wimpole-street whose certificates can be

Medical, Surgical, Monthly Mental, Dipsomania, Fever Nurses, &c.
Male Attendants for all cases.
Nurses sent co all parts of England and the Continent upon parti¬
culars of the case being supplied, personally, or by letter or telegram,
to Mr. Wilson, or to the Lady Superintendent.
GENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, 5, Henrietts,


Medical Director—ALFRED EBSWORTH, F.R.C.S.
Resident skilled medical, surgical, and monthly nurses are supplied

tendants, and wet nurses. Applications to be addressed to the Secre¬
tary or Lady-Superintendent.
OXFORD INSTITUTION of RESIDENT HOS¬
PITAL-TRAINED NURSES, 299, Oxford-street, W. (opposite
Marshall and Snolgrove's), SUPPLIES, at a minute's notice,
skilled superfor NURSES for medical, surgical, monthly, mental,
fever, and smallpox cases; also male attendance. Apply Mrs. Wynd.
THE WIGMORE TRAINED NURSES INSTI¬
TUTE. — Resident skilled and experienced NURSES for Medical,
Surgical, Monthly, Mental, and Fever cases supplied at a minute's
notice. Address the Misses Carty, 34, Wigmore-street, London, W.
MEDICAL and SURGICAL HOME, 3, Manchester¬

Surgical, Mental, and Fever NURSES or MALE ATTENDANTS
SUPPLIED on the shortest notice, on personal application or by
letter or telegram to Mrs. Alexander.
