CHALATTA.—The time is short; do not lose oppor¬
tunities. Tell me when and where, and trust me ever.
IXA.—The Horseman is dismounted, and left in
the cold. (Telegram RNo. 9th).—POLLAKY,

ARTHUR EDMUND MOLESWORTH FOX,

ancouver's Island, in the early part of this year, is
requested to WRITE to his father, Mr. Edmund Fox, 12, Little

AUGUSTUS RICHARD BARTON.—Any person
giving INFORMATION of the present ADDRESS of AUGUSTUS
RICHARD BARTON, formerly in the 26th Regiment, late of Wing¬
cottage, Bucks, then of Christchurch, Canterbury, New Zealand, if
alive, or proof of his death, shall receive a reward, upon application
to  essrs. Lewis and Whitbourne, solicitors, 24, Basinghall-st., London.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £2.771 14s. 4d. Consolidated £3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of Right Hon.
HENEAGE, Earl of AYLESFORD, deceased, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1859;—
Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three months from
this date the said Stock will be Transferred and the Dividends
thereon Paid, to Right Hon. Hencage, Earl of Aylesford, sole exe¬
cutor of Heneage, Earl of Aylesford, deceased, who has claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his claim thereto.
NEXT of KIN (new edition, just published).—A
classified and descriptive INDEX (of 20,000 names guaranteed)
to Advertisements for Next of Kin, Chancery Heirs Legatees, &c.
from 1700 to 1869, post free for 32 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER,
No. 17, Southampton-buildings, Chancery-lane, W. C.
LOST, on Wednesday, in or near the National and
Provincial Bank, Baker-street, a £10 BANK of ENGLAND
NOTE, No. 26405. Whoever will take the same to the above Bank,
shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, on Sunday evening, a LADYS WRITING
CASE, marked "E. A. C." Supposed to have been left in a
first-class carriage between Subiton and Vauxhall. Whoever will take
it to 15, Chesham-street, Belgrave-square, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Sunday, the 7th inst., in the neighbourhood
of Lancaster-gate, or between the Stations of the Metropolitan
Railway of Queen's-road, Bayswater, and Gower-street, a small GOLD
WATCH: marked Mouline, Geneva; examined by Hunt and Roskell,
Whoever has found the same and will take it to Messrs. Hunt and
Roskeil, 156, New Bond-street, shall be REWARDED.
LEFT in a Hansom CAB, on Monday, the 8th Nov.,
between 6 and 7 o'clock in the afternoon, a SMALL BAG of
BERLIN WOOL WORK, of brown colour, lined with brown leather,
containing The Times of the 8th inst. Cab went from corner of Corn¬
hill and King William street to Loat's-road, Clapham-park. Any
one returning it to Wm. Brandts, Sons, and Co., 144, Leadenhall-street,
E.C., shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in Guildhall,
on the evening of the 9th November, a PLAIN GOLD BRACE¬
LET. Whoever will take the same to Mr. Ion, 174, Aldersgate-street,

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
evening, November 7, a LADY'S GOLD EARRING, between
Charing-cross and Brompton. Any person taking the same to
M'Carthy and Co., hatters, 30, Ludgate-hill, shall receive the above

ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on the Midland
Railway, on the 15th October, between Burton-on-Trent and St.
Pancras, a PURPLE MOROCCO WRITING-CASE, with a gilt
pattern and the letters F. G. in small upon it, in an outer cover of
strong brown leather, fastening with a buckle. The contents are only
of value to the owner. Any person restoring it, with its contents, to
No. 31, Bryanston-square, London, shall receive the above reward.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—To Cab¬
men and Railway Officials.—LOST, on Wednesday, October 13th,
a dark green morecco DESPATCH BOX, containing papers of no
use to anyone but the owner, with gilt handle and patent lock, with
initials engraved on the former, "E.J.C.," enclosed in a brown leather
case, also marked "E.J.C." Supposed to have been left in a fly taken
from Douglas' Hotel, Edinburgh, to the Caledonian Railway Station,
for Limited Mail Train for Euston-square Station, leaving at 6.5 p.m.,
or left in the cab which took up at Euston Station at 5 a.m. on Thurs¬
day, for Upper Brook-street. Whoever will restore the same to Mr.
Slaney, Douglas' Hotel, Edinburgh; or to Mr. D. Ogilvy, Marshall's
library, 50. Edgware-road, shall receive the above reward.
TO HANSOM CABMEN.—LEFT in a CAB, which
set down at the Temple, on Sunday last, LADYS UMBRELLA,
ivory handle, monegram C.C. FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD, if
taken to 29, Eccleston-street,
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday
mno nin,
the neighbourhood of Westbourne-street, Bayswater.
a TERRIER BITCH (a cross between a Scotch and Maitese terrer),
with yellow curly hair. Whoever will take the same to Mr. Green,
butcher, Little Sussex-place, Hyde-park-square, shall receive the above
reward. No further reward will be offered.
BROOCH LOST.—LOST, coming out of the Strand
Theatre, on the night of Saturday. Oct. 30, a RUBY and
DIAMOND HORSESHOE BROOCH. Whoever will take the same
to Mr. Sheppard, jeweller, 63, Brook-street, Grosvenor-square, W.,
shall receive FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
LOUND, at the ball given by the 27th Inni-killings
in Willis's Rooms, a BROOCH. Any one claiming the above
must forward a description of the same to X. Y. Z., post-office, Lew¬
isham. Should the description of brooch answer to the one found the
ame will be returned to the owner.
LONDON-BRIDGE.—Notice is hereby given, that
on and after Monday, the 15th day of November instant, the
CARRIAGEWAY on London-bridge will be entirely CLOSED, for
the purpose of being repaved; and during the execution of the work
no carriage, cart, waggon, truck, burrow, or other vehicle, nor any
horses, cattle, or sheep, will be allowed to pass over the bridge. The
traffic of foot passengers will not be interfered with.
FERDINAND BRAND, Comptroller.
Guildhall, 1st November, 1869.
SALMON FISHERY ACTS, 1861, 1865.—Notice is
hereby given, that the Special Commissioners for ENGLISH
FISHERIRS will hold an ADJOURNED COURT, in the large
room at the Savings Bank, Grosvenor-street, Chester, on Tuesday, the
7h December next at 11 o'clock a.m.; and at such Court will pro¬
ceed to inquire into the legality of all FISHING WEIRS, Fishing
Mill Dams, and Fixed Engines situate in the DEE FISHERY DIS¬
TRICT; and all persons interested in such engines are required to
attend at such Court from day to day until discharged, in order that
a decision may be made by the said Commissioners with respect to
the removal of such fishing weirs or fixed engines, or the alteration
of such fishing mill dams, or that such other order may be made by
them in the premises as the facts of each case appear to warrant.
THOMAS F. BRADY, Secretary.
Dated at 8, Parliament-street, Westminster, this 10th
day of November, 1869
To the BARBADOES SUGAR MERCHANTS of LONDON and
BARBADOES.
Gentlemen,
THE season for Barbadoes sugar which we are just
now passing through being of such a very unsatisfactory cha¬
racter, I trust you will not think it presumption on my part if I re¬
spectfully submit to your notice a few observations which I think may
be beneficial to all concerned. Having been a dealer in Barbadoes
sugar for the last 35 years, I can safely say that some improvement is
necessary so as to secure a more reliable turn-out,
Buying and selling ought to be mutually advantageous, and a man
ought to have what he buys, and get what he pays for; but now, if a
man buys 20 hiids, of Barbadoes sugar by given samples, the chances
are that he will not get more than half that quantity equal to what he
bought; indeed, in some cases of a "rascally turn-out," a loss of £5 or
£6 is sometimes experienced in a single hogshead, besides the great
nuisance of beig burdened with a quantity of unsuitable sugar. This,
of course, gives rise to disappointment, wrangling, and general dis¬
satisfaction, and calls loudly for a remedy. Nothing wrong ought to
remain unaltered; we all ought to progress and go on, not stand still
and rub on, especially when improvements can casily be made, Laxity
is a kind of passive vice, quite unworthy of men of business.
Barbadees sugar is a favourlte, and if some improvement could be
made in its preparation no moist sugar could excel it.
What is required is, a sugar so weil prepared that those who buy
it could depend upon getting what they buy. This could be accom¬
plished if sufficient means were taken to prepare the sugar suitable
for the grocer's use before being packed. Colour (or perhaps it
should be the absence of colour, whiteness), dryness, bright, blooming
complexion, sweetness, and good flavour, with a moderate grain, are
the principal qualities required. Sbould this, however, entail any
extra expouse, never mind, produce money's value, and you will get
value in money refurned, and have the satisfaction of placing the Bar¬
badees sugar trade on a fair and honourable footing.
The package, too, is also open to improvement. Everything for
man's use ought to be suitable to man's strength. Hogsheads are un¬
wieldy lumbering packages, inconvenient at every step. It is some¬
times almost fearful to withess hogsheads of sugar, 18 or 10cwt, each,
rolling out of a van in our over-crowded streets, with a kind of sulky,
heedless smash, as though ther didn't care whether they broke people's
limbs or not. Suitable bags of 1cwt, each would be a most agreeable
and beneficial substitute. Barress have been substituted instead of
unwieidy butts in the currant trade, and why not substitute suitable
bags for unwieldy hogsheads in the sugar trade? Packing in bags
would of course necessitate that the sugar should be thoroughly weel
prepared befcrehand, or the compression of bag upon bag would sub¬
ject the sugar to become woolly and deficient of bloom.
Trading is an honourable pursuit when conducted honourably,
and I hold it to be the duty of every seller, great or small, to do all
he possibly can to insure that the article sold shall be what it is repre¬
sented to be, and equal to what the customer agrees to buy and has

Bag packing would also much facilitate the distribution of the sugar
all orer
glan
With 
great deferd
toee e n e men. I suhmit these oe e
vations
tie e e e ice aened f et con id en t at if
won wunld
oe our powver-¬
ful aid the Barbadoes sugar trude would be placed on a more satisfac¬
tory footing th ar.
has eter yet held.
 beg to reme.
ae entlemen, your most o e
etnttt ervant,


caler and Grocer.
No. 67, Gishopsgate-street wit.
tanand Kingland.
BLACKBORNE, in consequence of reports having
been circulated that he has retired from business, and in conse¬
quence of numerous inquiries having been made as to the truth of the
statement, feels it incumbent upon him to state that all such re¬
ports are totally without foundation, and while thanking the
nobility and gentry for extensive and distinguished patronage, takes
this opportunity to a sure them that their kind commands will con¬
tinne to receive his personal and most assiduous atteation.—39, South
Audley-street, Nov., 1869.
THE public are CAUTIONED against IMITA¬
TIONS of the NEW VELLUM WOVE CLUB-HOUSE NOTE.
This paper has been manufactured to meet the universally-experienced.
want——fc., a paper which shall in itself combine a perrectly smooth
surface with total freedom from grease. It is made from the best linen
rags only, possesses great tenacity and durability, and is equally well
adapted for quill or steel pen. Sample packet post free for 18 stamps.
(Signed) PARTRIDGE and COOPER, sole manufacturers
and vendors, 192, Fleet-street, E.C.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENGY and SON,
bears the label, used so many years, signed "Elyal eth Lareply.
CAUTION.—JOSEPH GILLOTTS STEEL PENS.
—The public are respectfully cautioned that the genume PENS
are stamped with the name in full, and that a fac-simile of J. G.'ssig¬
nature is appended to each box.
CAUTION.—HOWARD and SONS PATENT
PARQUET FLOORING, No. 1,548.—All persons are CAU¬
TIONED against infringing this patent.—6 and 27, Berners-street,
Oxford-street, and Cleveland Works.
CAUTION.—The NAPIER INDIAN DESPATCH
BOX, which has met with the approbation of the highest military
authorities, and pronounced the most desirable for foreign service, is
only to be obtained at GRIFFITHS and Co.'s, 43, Cannon-street, E.C.
Each box bears the trade mark "Napier." 15 inch. 20s.: 17 inch. 29s.
CAUTION.-HARRIS'S SPECTACLES.—THOMAS
HARRIS and SON CAUTION the public against persons using
tneir name. Their businegs, established 1780, is solely conducted at 57,
Great Russell-Street, opposite the British Museum-gate, where only can
be had their celebrated spectacles, opera and field glasses. No travellers.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHERS QUEEN'S READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPE LAMPS, as supplied by him to Ier
Majesty and the Royal Family.—The public ars CAUTIONED against
inferior imitations. M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-street, bring
the sole inventor and manufacturer of these celebrated lamps. Draw¬
ings and prices post free. No agents.
CAUTION. —Betts Patent Capsules.—The public are
respectfully cautioned that BETTS' PATENT CAPSULES are
being INFRINGED by importations from abroad. Betts' name is
upon every capsule he makes for leading merchants at home and
abroad.—1, Wharf-road, City-road, London, April 8, 1866, and Bor¬
deaux, France.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacies of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S, have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted and registered achromatie lenscs should
apply only direct to them, at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
IMPORTANT CAUTION.—The unprecedented suc¬
cess of ROWLAND'S MACASSAR CIL for the hair has caused
counterfeiters to spring up in every possible variety. Some so far copy
the labels as frequently to deceive the unwary; some offer to dispose
of the recipe of a Macassar oil, with other recipes of a similar cha¬
racter, for a few postage stamps; while others profess to manufacture
the real () article at a considerably reduced price, if the public will
only purchase it. The name of these wretched counterfeiters is
"Legion," and calls for more than usual care on the part of pur¬
chasers as to where they make theirselection of articles for the tollet."
Morning Paper.
NOTICE.—Mr. E. HARTRY, surgeon-dentist, in
consequence of the death of his brother, has REMOVED from
No. 42, Harley-street, Cavendish-square, to 41, St. Martin's-lane, Tra¬
falgar-square, the original firm.
POLLAKYS PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES with secrecy and derpatch in diverce
cases, &c., by Mr. Pollaks, 13. Pad d en.
in-green.
