. W. S. M.—YES. Address G. C., St. Bride's
Coffeehouse, 136, Fleet-street.

NASH.—No letter. WRITE at once, and call at

FIDES (Bell). —Full particulars were sent to you by
yesterday's post, and await your call. Do not proceed further
until you have received them.
BE ELIZABETH KIERAN, deceased.—Captain
THOMAS MITCHELL. R.N., trustee of the above estate, is
requested to COMMUNICATE at once with Mr. T. Wells, solicitor,
No. 47, Moorgate-street, on business of great importance to this estate.
LOST, a BLACK CURLY RETRIEVER DOG:
answers to the name of "Rock." THREE GUINEAS will be
paid for restoring him on application to Mr. Morton, 394. Euston-road.
LOST, TWO FIVE POUND BANK of ENGLAND
NOTES, Nos. 61975 and 61976 (the payment of which has been
stopped), and £2 10s. in gold. Any person bringing the above to Mrs.
N., 8, St. Stephen's-road, Bayswater, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, a small BUNCH of KEYS, between Belgrave¬
place and Grosvenor-gate, on Thursday afternoon. Whoever will
bring the same to 32, Upper Belgrave-place, S.W., shall be handsomely
REWARDED.
LOST, a GOLD GENEVA CHASED WATCH,
maker's name Mottu, between Gower-street and Ampthill-square,
on Sunday, October 11. Whoever will deliver the same at 43, Bedford¬
square, shall be suitaply REWARDED.
LOST, on Sunday afternoon, opposite the Horse
Guards, St. James's-park, a SKYE TERRIER; answers to the
name of "Garry." Whoever will bring the same to 1, Devonshire¬
terrace, Walcot-place, Kennington-road, shall receive ONE POUND
REWARD.
LOST, a BLACK RETRIEVER DOG, on Friday,
October 9, from No. 20, King Henry-road, Adelaide-road, Haver¬
stock-hill. Has a white spot on breast and white right fore foot,
Answers to the name of "Nero." ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD will

TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
evening, Oct. 8th, a GOLD LEVER WATCH with the name
of Arnold on dial and spring split second hands. Address G. D.,
No. 26a, New-street, Dorset-square.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in Hyde-park,
or on the way from Lowndes-square to the park, a CORAL
NECKLACE. Whoever will bring the same to 39, Lowndes-square,
shall receive the above reward.
BLACK SATIN BOOTS and SILK STOCKINGS
(boots marked inside A. Morton) LOST out of a box in a Hansom
cab, conveying a lady to King's-cross, on the 3d inst. THIRTY SHIL¬
LINGS REWARD.—49. Winchester-street, Belgravia.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday
last, between the hours of 2 and 4 o'clock p.m., in the neighbour¬
hood of Doctors'-commons, a GOLD RING, with crest on bloodstone.
Whoever will take the same to Mr. J. D. M'Dougall, at 11, Upper
Thames-street, city, E.C., shall receive the above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
last, bety
Maida-vale and Kennington through Regent's¬
park, a DARK BLUE CHESTERFIELD OVERCOAT, fly front and
velvet collar. The above reward will be given upon the same being
brought to 1, Carlton Villas, Maida-vale.
UMBRELLA and STICK EXCHANGED, by mis¬
take, by a gentleman who arrived at 11 p.m., on Saturday by the
tidal train from Folkestone. They may be exchanged on Monday, the
19th inst., by applying at P. Walther and Co.'s, 5, Gresham-street, and

FOLLOWED a gentleman, from Savory and Co.'s,
Bond-street, a small TERRIER. Upon describing the same, and
paying all expenses, possession may be had upon application at 7, Lower

RICHARD HORWOOD, late of No. 28, Berwick¬
street, Soho, harness maker.—This person having died suddenly
on the 18th of August last, a coroner's inquest was held on his remains,
and his personal effects (apparently of but little value) were removed
to the workhouse of St. James's, Westminster, situate in Poland-stret,
Oxford-street; notice is hereby given that, unless within one month
the insertion of this advertisement some person having a legal right
to the PROPERTY shall appear to CLAIM the same, it will be SOLD
to defray the cost of the funeral of the deceased and other expenses
to which the parish has been subjected.
By order of the Governors and Directors of the Poor.
GEORGE BUZZARD, Clerk.
Parochial-office, Poland-street, W.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Dividend.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of
£3,000 Consolidated Three per Cent Annuities, heretofore standing in
the name of SUSANNA LOAT, of Clapham, Surrey, widow, deceased,
and which dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt in consequence of its having remained un¬
claimed since the 5th July, 1853; Notice is hereby given that, on the
expiration of three months from this date, the said Dividend will be
paid to John Loat, the surviving executor, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim

NORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Richmond Union.—I, the undersigned J. H. Mitchiner,
auditor of the above named district, do hereby give notice, that I
have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the RICHMOND
UNION, and of the parishes therein contained (and mentioned at the
foot of this notice), for the half-year ended the 29th of September.
1863, to commence on Tuesday, the 27th day of October inst., at 10
o'clock in the forenoon, at the Union Workhouse, Richmond, Surrey,
when and where all persons who by law are bound to account at such
audit are required to attend, and to submit all books, documents,
bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the accounts or to moneys
assessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the poor.—Dated the 12th
day of October, 1863.	J. H. MITCHINER, District Auditor.
Parishes comprised in the above named union:—Barnes, Kew,
Mortlake, Petersham, Richmond.
NORTH-EAST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—HACKNEY UNION.—I, the undersigned Thomas
Wrake Ratcliff, Auditor of the abovenamed district, do hereby givenotice
that I have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the Hackney
Union, and of the parishes therein contained (and mentioned at the
foot of this notice), for the half-year ended the 29th day of September,
1863, to commence on Monday, the 26th day of October, 1863, at half¬
past 11 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Hackney Union Workhouse,
at Homerton, when and where all persons who by law are bound to
account at such audit, are required to attend, and to submit all
books, documents, bills and vouchers containing or relating to the
accounts, or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the

THOS. W. RATCLIFF, District Auditor.
White Horse-street, Stepney.
Parishes comprised in the abovenamed Union:—St. John, Hackney,

CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works, at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C.; and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
BURROW's LANDSCAPE GLASSES.—Notice is
hereby given, that legal proceedings will be immediately taken
against all persons offering for sale field-glasses as and for the genuine
MALVERN LANDSCAPE GLASSES, and the public are CAU¬
TIONED against buving such as do not bear the names of "W. and J.
BURROW, Great Malvern," in relief uponithe evepieces both of the
3-guinea and 6-guinea glasses.	WM. WILKES CAWLEY,
Great Malvern.
Solicitor for the said W. and J. Burrow.
SPECIAL NOTICE.—The FOREIGN VINE¬
YARD ASSOCIATION (Limited). Joint-Stock Compaay re¬
gistered in 1854. Offices, 180, Regent-street, W.—The Directors beg to
inform the public that Mr. T. W. STAPLETON's ENGAGEMENT as
MANAGER of this Company was CANCELLED by mutual consent
on the 1st August last. The Directors also hereby caution their friends
that the Association has no connexion with any company or establish¬
ment. The Directors therefore request that all communications on the
affairs of this Association be addressed to W. H. PALMER, Esq.,

NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP
heretofore subsisting between the undersigned, Abraham Troost
and Sous and Otto Pressprich, carrying on business at the city of New
Orleans, in North America, as merchants, under the firm of Troost and
Company, was this day DISSOLVED, by mutual consent.—Dated
ARM. TROOST and SONS.
this 2d day of October, 1863.
LOTTO PRESSPRICH.
LIFEBOAT SERVICES.—The Committee of the
Royal National Lifeboat Institution earnestly APPEAL to the
public for ASSISTANCE to enable them to meet the continued heavy
demands on the Institution's 125 lifeboat establishments. During the
past 21 months over 500-shipwrecked sailors, have been saved by the
Society's lifeboats. Contributions are received by all the London and
country bankers; and by the Secretary, Richard Lewis, at the Institu¬

LONDON GENERAL OMNIBUS COMPANY
(Limited).—Notice.—On and after 12th October the Company's
large THREE-HORSE OMNIBUSES will RUN every 10 minutes be¬
tween the Dudley Arms, PADDINGTON, and LONDON-BRIDGE
RAILWAY STATION via Edgware-road, Oxford-street, Holborn,
Cheapside, and King William-street.
Fares:—To or from Farringdon-street, 2d. ; all the way, 3d.
These omnibuses will not stop on the journey except to take up or
set down passengers.
By order,
No. 31, Moorgate-street, Oct. 8, 1863.	A. G. CHURCH, Sec.
TO EMIGRANTS.—The following COPY of a
DECREE of the GOVERNMENT of COSTA RICA has been
received at the Consulate in London:—
Translation.
"Ministry of Foreign Affairs, National Palace, San José,
13th August, 1863.
Considered, the memorial presented by Mr. John Maclean, 60
years of age, of Irish extraction, and agriculturist by profession, in
which he seeks permission to settle in the territory of this Republic
for the purpose of forming a colony with 200 of his compatriots, between
the Harbour of Sarapiqui and Quebrada Grande.
Considered, further, the advantages which would result to the
nation from an increase of its industrial population, and in exercise of
the faculty which the decree of 3d November, 1862, gives to the
Executive Power, the licence which he solicits is granted to the said
John Maclean under the following conditions:
"1. John Maclean engages to bring 200 colonists, being Irish
labourers, to the place which is assigned to him between Sarapiqui and
Quebrada Grande within five months reckoned from this date ; and
from 300 to 1,000 colonists within one year, also reckoned from this date.
42. From the time of their arrival the colonists shall be subject to
the authorities and laws of the Republic, but they shall not be liable
to any military enlistment, unless in the case of foreign invasion,
when all the colonists shall take up arms in defence of their adopted
country: this privilege holding good until such time as they shall have
become naturalized in conformity with Art. 2 of the Decree above re¬
ferred to.
3. From the time that the colonists enter the country they renounce
the protection of every other Government, placing themselves thence¬
forth under that of the Republic its laws, and authorities.
"4. Every colonist of the male sex, from the age of 18 up to 45 years,
shall receive 10 manzanas (about 20 acres) of land, as his absolute
property, and if married, 10 manzanas more, and for every male child
under 18 years of age, a further grant of five manzanas of land."
"5. The Government engages to have 40 manzanas of land cleared in
the district that Maclean may point out, in order that on them
the colonists may raise their primary subsistence, since each one
must find provision out of his own ground, the aforesaid 40 manzanas
of land remaining as common of the colony, provided that the colony
exceeds 500 persons, as prior to reaching this number the land remains
national property. On the said 40 manzanas there shall be constructed.
at the cost of the Government, two large huts, where the first 200
colonists shall lodge while their own own dwellings are in course of
erection.
"6. Pending the receipt by the colonists of the number of manzanas
of land to which they are entitled under Art. 4, the Government will
not dispose of nor admit of surrender of any quantity of land, within a
radius of half a league from the point designated for the colony.
7. The Government engage to pay half of the passage-money o
each individual from New York to the harbour Sarapiqui, in the chief
cabin for the chaplain of the colony; in the second, for Maclean and
his family; and in the fore cabin, for all and each of the other colonists.
Each colonist shall be at liberty to bring 2001b, weight of luggage and
provisions for three or five months, purchased at his own expense, and
the freight of which shall be paid by the Government, provided that
the said half of the passage-money and freight of the provisions and
baggage do not exceed the sums of 2,000 dollars for the first 200
colonists.
s" 8. The Government will solicit from the Legislative Body an
exemption in favour of the colonists, that for the term of five years,
they shall be allowed to introduce and export such articles as they may
require for their personal use and the produce of their industry; it
being well understood that they will not introduce into the interior of
the Republic any of those articles that are permitted them for their
own use and consumption, and that on every other article that they
may introduce they will pay the corresponding duties in conformity
with the Customs' tariff, and with subjection to the general laws of the
Republic.
"Communicated.
L.C. "Certified by the hand of the President.
"The Secretary of State in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
especially charged with Emigration and the Colonies.
(Signed) JULIAN VOLIO."
The undersigned is authorized to state that the Government of Costa
Rica is willing to make further grants of land to persons desirous of
settling in the country, on the same terms and conditions as contained

GEORGE W. EWEN, Consul in London for the Republic of
Costa Rica.
Consulate office, 4, Adam's-court, Old Broad-street, E.C.
ROROUGH-MARKET DISTILLERY. — Notice.
—These premises being required immediately for the Charing
ros Railway extension to Cannon-street, Messrs. JOSEPH and
JOHN VICKERS, and Co. respectfully inform their friends that
they have taken TEMPORARY OFFICES (through the kindness
of Mr. Spencer) at the Bridge-house Hotel, London-bridge, where
attendance will be given daily, and where all communications are
to be addressed on and after Monday, Sept. 28th.
