IN the winter or spring of 1863, an ADVERTISE¬
MENT appeared inquiring for the NEAREST RELATIVE of a
person whose maiden name was ANN HODSON, or Hodgson. The
advertiser, or any person who can refer to the date of the advertise¬
ment, is requested to communicate with Joseph Hodgson, care of Rev.
M. Davies, Bednall, Stafford.
GRATEFUL THANKS for CHARITABLE AID
for RELIEF of POOR SICK CHILDREN.—The Secretary of
the Royal Infirmary gratefully ACKNOWLEDGES the receipt of the
following CONTRIBUTIONS:—A Mother £5; Sir E. T., £1 1s.;
Mrs. Hemming, 10s.; A. Edgar, 5s. Further benevolent assistance is
earnestly entreated in behalf of these poor little sufferers.
CHAS. J. F RENTON, Sec.
Royal Infirmary for Sick Children and Women, Waterloo¬
bridge-road, S.
CULVER, late HOPKINS.—Mrs. HARRIET
CULVER, widow of Richard Culver formerly of 15 Francis¬
street, Woolwich, may HEAR of SOMETHING to her ADVANTAGE
by applying to Mr. Thos. Lyne, of No. 2, St. Giles's-close, Reading,
Berks. The above Harriet Culver's maiden name was Hopkins,
formerly of Cheltenham, and was married in the year 1853 to Richard
Culver, a Sergeant of Marines, who is believed to have died on board
H. M.S. Cumberland in the year 1858 or 1859. If the above Harriet Cul¬
ver is dead, any person giving satisfactory proofs of such death shall
receive a reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, an OVAL
SARDONYX CAMEO BREAST PIN, by Pistrucci, whose name
is on the side. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Gilliam, 6, Serle¬
street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, shall receive the above reward.
SUPPOSED to have been LOST in the neighbour¬
hood of Berkeley-square, a CERTIFICATE of £60, East Indian
Railway Stock, in the name of Maria Lang. Any person bringing the
same to Mr. Barnard, 18a, Victoria-road, shall be REWARDED.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, between
Brook's-terrace, Old Kent-road and King William-street, a BLUE
SKYE TERRIER, long hair, and short legs. Answers to "Bob."
Whoever brings the same to Doctor King, 159, Camberwell-road, will
receive the above.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday,
the 30th ult., on going by the city Atlas Omnibus from Park-place.
Regent's-park, to London-bridge, between the hours of 4 and 5, a small
PASTEBOARD BOX, containing three gold rings, two diamond rings,
the other pearl, garnet, and turquoise, a double gold eye-glass, to which
wat attached a gold locket set in pearls (with hair), two brooches (one
mosaic), another a topaz. Whoever has found the same and will take
it Mr. Salter's, stationer, 45, Upper Baker-street, shall receive the above
reward.
FOUND on the 13th of July, in Old Burlington¬
street, a BRACELET. The owner can have it by giving a full
description and paying all expenses. Apply, between 2 and 4, at Mr.
Bridge's, news agent, 2, Sherwood-street, Regent-Street. If not owned
within seven days it will be sold to pay Expenses. (Third advertise¬
ment.)
MISSING FRIENDS, Next of Kin, &c.—PER¬
SONAL INQUIRIES made for MISSING FRIENDS, &c.,
abroad, through correspondents resident in all the chief towns in the
United States of America, Canada, Australia, and the other British
colonies. Or, advertisements inserted in the newspapers. A list of
upwards of 4,000 names of persons who have died, leaving property un¬
claimed, sent free for three stamps.—GUN and Co., American, colonial,
and foreign agents, 17, Charlotte-street, Bedford-square.
THE HERO of NIAGARA.—BLONDIN begs to
inform his numerous friends and patrons in England, on the con¬
tinent, and elsewhere that he is now on a professional tour through
Italy, Germany, Austria, and Russia, and that he has NO CON¬
NEXION whatever with the person who has been performing at the
Hippodrome, in Paris, who falsely assumes the title of "Blondin, the
Hero of Niagara," the undersigned being the only one of that name
who ever crossed the Falls on a rope.—J. F. Blondin, Hero of Niagara,
Hotel Schwender, Vienna, July 8. 1864.
CITY of LONDON.—ORDERS made by the Court
Quarter Sessions, holden on the 9th day of January, 1864, as
to the GRANTING of LICENSES, under statute 25 Geo. II., c. 36.
No. 1. Ordered, that all persons intending to apply for licenses for
music, dancing, or other public entertainments of the like kind, under
statute 25 Geo. II., c. 36 (except the parties mentioned in order No. 4),
shall give one month's notice at the least, previously to the commence¬
ment of the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions for the City of London, to
the Alderman of the Ward in which the premises are situate ; to the
Clerk of the Peace for the said city, at his office in the Sessions-house,
Old Bailey; to the Clerk of the Special Sessions, at the Guildhall;
and to the Acting Inspector at the police station of the district in
which such premises are situate, of their intended application; and
shall also, one month at the least before the commencement of such
Session, cause a notice, in the undermentioned form, to be affixed
upon the outer door or other conspicuous part of the premises sought
to be licensed:—
Form of Notice.
I.—
 of—— do hereby give notice, that I intend to apply,
under the provisions of the statute 25 Geo. II., c. 36, at the next Michael¬
mas Quarter Sessions for the City of London, to be holden at the Guild¬
hall in the said city, on the — day of October, 18—, for a license there in¬
sert the particular sort or sorts of public entertainment for which the
license is required), to be carried on within the house or premises,
situate at — or known by the name of— (as the case
may be), and now in the occupation of me, the subscriber hereto.—
Dated the — day of — 18—
No. 2. Ordered, that every person presenting a petition against the
grant or renewal of a license shall leave with the Clerk of the peace,
four clear days before the commencement of the Michaelmas Quarter
Session, a copy of such counter petition, for the inspection of the
party applying for such grant or renewal.
No. 3. Ordered, that every applicant for a music or dancing license
be required to attend the Court personally, unless a reason satisfactory
to the Court shall be assigned for his absence.
No. 4. Ordered, that in every case, when any person having a music
or dancing liceuse shall transfer his premises to any other person, such
incoming tenant shall be required to give 14 days' notice, instead of
the one month's notice required by Order No. 1
By the Court. S. R. GOODMAN, Clerk of the Peace.
THE LATE CENTRAL SOCIETY of VINEYARD
PROPRIETORS.—BRANDY TRADE MARK.—Having been
instructed by my client, Mr. Edward Henry Leveaux, that he had in¬
advertently purchased from parties abroad certain brandies, bearing a
label which he found to be a colourable imitation of the label for¬
merly used by the above Society, of whose existence he was not aware,
and that he had become acquainted with that fact by being served
with a copy of a Bill in Chancery, filed against him by Messrs. Noix,
Vallein, and Co., of Saintes, in the Department of Charente Inféricure,
who claim to have purchased the instruments employed in branding
the trade mark of the said Association, and also all the rights of the
said Association in the trade marks and labels used by the said Asso¬
ciation, when the effects of the said Association were sold by public
auction, upon the said Association being dissolved and their affairs
wound up; I, immediately after the service of the Bill, communicated
to the solicitor of Messrs. Noix, Vallein, and Co. that Mr. Leveaux
had bought the brandy in ignorance of the label being spurious, but
that he would immediately discontinue its use, and would pay their
costs of the Bill, and, amongst others, I wrote the following letter:—
7, Old Jewry, May 30, 1863.
Noix v. Leveaux.
Dear Sir.—I have seen my clients to-day respecting other matters,
and they wish me to inform you that, irrespective of whether your
client carries on or drops his present Bill, they shall not send out any
more brandy with the objectionable label attached, as they have no
desire to facilitate the circulation of a spurious trade mark, and they
would not ever have lent themselves to it if your clients had only in¬
formed them that it was their label, and not the label of the Hun¬
garian exporter.
Yours fruly,
For J. Michael, A. D. MICHAEL.
To J. W. Nicholson, Esq., 48, Lime-street, E.C.
The plaintiffs, however, insisted upon carrying on an expensive suit
in Chancery, in which they of course obtained an injunction, as inno¬
cence or ignorance of there being an infringement is not any defence
against an injunction in the Court of Chancery.
J. MICHAEL, 3, Barge-yard, Bucklersbury, Solicitor for the
Defendant.
JAMES TRINDER, Jun., FLEECE COMMER¬
CIAL FAMILY HOTEL,
Cirencester.—HOUSEWARMING
DINNER, Wednesday, August 17, 1864.
JOSEPH CHADWICK, Esq., in the chair.
CAUTION.—COCKS's celebrated READING
SAUCE, for fish, game, steaks, soups, gravies, hot and cold
meats, and pnrivalled for general use, is sold by all respectable dealers
in sauces. It is manufactured only by the executors of the sole proprie¬
tor, Charles Cocks, 6, Duke-street, Reading, the original sauce ware¬
house. All others are spurious imitations.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz.:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
CAUTION.—The ACHROMATIC SPECTACLE
LENSES REGISTERED by S. and B. SOLOMONS, opticians
to the Government, 24th December, 1863, No. 4,610, are only to be had
at their firm, 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly. "The great advantage
and benefit derived from the use of these lenses need no comment."—
Vide Sir David Brewster on Optics, page 57, and Sir Wm. Herschel,
page 22.
CAUTION.—G. W. WHEATLEY and Co. (formerly
Waghorn), established, 28 years, overland parcel carriers and
general forwarding agents to all parts of the world, caution the public
against being misied by imitations of their advertisements, placards,
and tariffs.—Wheatley and Co.'s only offices in London are 150, Leaden.
hall-street; Chaplin's, Regent-cireus, 150, Cheapside, and 23, Regent-st.
TO Messrs. WHEATLEY and Co.—In consideration
of your abstaining from taking proceedings to obtain an injune¬
tion against me, I undertake and agree forthwith to cease to issue the
circulars, both books and hanubills, of which you complain; and I
further undertake and agree to abstain in future from using any title
in imitation of the title used by you, and further to abstain from copy¬
ing, extracting, or imitating the circulars or advertisements issued by
you from time to time. Dated 29th day of
sse
(Sigued)
WILLIAM R. SUTTON.

SPECIAL NOTICE.—Messrs. SUTTON and Co.,
general shipping agents, of 101, Leadenhall-street, beg to give
notice, that the letter signed on the 29th July, 1863, by W. R. Sutton,
as proprietor of Mann's Parcel Despatch, and now being published in
The Times by another shipping firm, has nothing whatever to do with
them: and the latter being inserted in the same publication, with a
shipping advertisement from the same firm, tends to mislead the public
and do Messrs. S. and Co. considerable injury.
July 11, 1864.
SUTTON and Co., 101, Leadenhall-Street.
—
PELLATT and Co. beg to CONTRADICT the
REPORT that they have REMOVED. They still carry on
business at their old-established premises, the Falcon Glass Works,
Holland-street, Blackfriars-road, near the Chatham and Dover Rail¬
way Station. An illustrated catalogue post free.
NOTICE.—Mr. WATHERSTON (late of Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden) begs respectfully to inform the nobility
and gentry that his late partnership having been dissolved, he now
carries on the same style of business at No. 12. Pall-mall east, adjoining
the National Gallery, under the firm of Watherston and Son.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—ATLAS WORKS.—
HENRY CLAYTON and Co., engineers and ironfounders, on
and after Monday, the 8th August, will transfer the manufacture of
their patent brick and tile machines, contractors, and constructive
machinery generally from their old works, at Upper Park-place, Dor¬
set-square, to their spacious new Atlas Engineering Works, foundry.
and offices, in the Woodfield-road, Harrow-road, London, W.—H. C.
and Co. invite the attention of brick manufacturers to their recently
patented pneumatic drying process. Catalogues free by post, on
application.
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE
Confidential inquiries in England and abroad. Personal consul¬
tations before 10 and after 3 daily, at 13, Paddington-green, W.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE OFFICE (established
1857, 5, Church-court, Clement's-lane, Lombard-street), RE¬
MOVED to 13, Great Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons. Private, confi¬
dential, and important inquiries conducted by JNO. LEWIS, 17 years
an officer in the city of London police. Evidence collected for the
courts of law (civil).
THE RANTOONE, 142 and 143, Cheapside,
London.

TO ANGLERS.—CHAS. FARLOW, 181, Strand,
manufacturer of good FISHING RODS and TACKLE, at mode¬
rate prices. Prize medal. Catalogues gratis.
AMERICAN EAGLE COTTON GIN.—At
WILLIAMS and GEILS', 35, King William-street, E.C.
TO BOBBIN and PILL-BOX MAKERS, or Wood
Turners in Germany, or their Agents.—WANTED, 50,000 groes
of PILL-BOXES, for which cash will be paid on the receipt of each
delivery. Apply at Holloway's, 244, Strand, London.
TO STICK COLLECTORS and FANCIERS, &c.—
A. DAVIS, 33, Strand, has a few of the very handsomest ORANGE
STICKS ever imported. Early application is necessary to secure a
specimen of this rare and beautiful tree. Lowest price, 10s. 6d. each.
To be seen at A. Davis's, 33, Strand, and 72, Piccadilly.
BENJAMIN EDGINGTON, Marquee, Tent, Rick¬
cloth, and Flag Manufacturer by Special Appointment to Her
Majesty.—MARQUEES and TEMPORARY ROOMS for dinners,
balis, parties, &c., on HIRE, lined, boarded, lighted, and elegantly
decorated, Rickcloths, new and second-hand, with poles, &c., com¬
plete. Netting for fruit trees, &c. An illustrated catalogue sent free
by post. Be particular to address Benjamin Edgington (only), 2, Duke¬
street, London-bridge, S.E. No other establishment.
ELOWERS (WAX and PAPER).—"When we can¬
not obtain flowers pencilled by the hand of God we desire nothing
better than Mrs. Peachey's counterfeit presentments."—Builder. Mrs.
Peachey is not only the most finished artiste, she is also the most skil¬
ful instructress. —Mrs. PEACHEY, 10, Berners-street (late of Rath¬
bone-place).
DUT-DOOR GAMES:—Croquet, 10s., 18s., 21s.,
25s., 30s., 40s., 50s., 60s.; Lawn Billiards, 14s., 21s., 31s. 6d.; Aunt
Sally, 12s. 6d., 21s., 30s.: Volunteer Handicap, 25s.; Jack's Alive, 14s.,
21s., 25s.; Red. White, and Blue, 25s.; Bowls, 25s., 31s. 6d.; every re¬
quisite for archery, cricket, fencing quoits, racquets, and all other
athletic games can be had at W. LEUCHARS, toy warehouse,
No. 3, Cheapside, E.C. Illustrated catalogues gratis.
