LY.—For the love of God, RETURN. Have
mercy Peace and happiness awaits you. Comel—W—
GIPSEY.—Thanks for your letter. I knew you would
write when possible. Have you got them if not, call again as
soon as you can. If I go it will be next door, but unless you say yes I
shall not attempt it at all, for reasons you will understand.—7th

SHOULD this MEET the EYE of F. M.—,merchant,
late of H..... France, he is earnestly requested by his friends
(some grave family complications having occurred since his absence)
to COMMUNICATE immediately, either by telegram or letter, with
Mr. Pollaky, Private Inquiry Office, 13, Paddington-green, London, W.
RECEIVED 204,700.—Rev. E. COKE, St. James'
Rectory, Bethnal-green, THANKS C. L. P.; E.C.; S.W.; L. G. M.;
Hicks (and clothes); Farnham; E. E.; Hansler; Jones; Loft: C.M.d
Folkestone; Louth; C. S. C.: T. A. G.; Cuckfield; C. J. B.; and
hopes for ald to complete 250,000 pence for Bethnal-green Dispensary.
KING's COLLEGE HOSPITAL, Portugal-street,
Lincoln's-inn.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE
the receipt of an additional DONATION of 50 guineas in aid of the
funds of this unendowed Charity from the Worshipful Company of
Drapers.
JAMES S. BLYTH, Sec.
LOST, on Dec. 24, in the Edgware-road, near Maida¬
hill, a large BLACK DOG, with white metal collar. Answers to
the n e
eep."Apply to J. Dolling, 199, Edgware-road, when
a reward will be given.
LOST, a CORAL EARRING, possibly dropped in
a cab on the night of the 4th inst., between Buckingham-gate
and Chelsea. Whoever will bring the same to 26, Paultons-square,
Chelsoa, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, on Tuesday evening, a MOURNING
BROOCH, with inscription. Supposed to have been dropped in
a cab between Oxford-street and Paddington,
f brough t to Moore's
cutlery establishment, 349, Oxford-street, TEN SHILLINGS RE¬
WARD will be paid.
LOST, on Wednesday afternoon, in Lowndes-square,
or Victoria-street, a GREEN LEATHER PURSE, supposed to
have been dropped in getting out of a carriage. It contains a yearly
railway pass, and a library subscription ticket, a small gold locket,
also half a sovereign and two or three shillings, which will be given to
anyone returning the purse to 19, Westbourne-terrace-road, W.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, between 5 and
6 o'clock, at the Ealing Station, on Friday evening, a GOLD
WATCH: maker's name Donne. If brought to Mr. Rist, 1, Edwardes¬
terrace, Kensington, the above reward will be given.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, from Rutland¬

gate, on the 6th inst., a BLACK and TAN TOY TERRIER
PUP. Answers to the name of "Tooi." Has been cropped, is rather
thin, and has lost his hair in patches. Had on a small leather collar.
Apply at the porter's lodge, Rutland-gate, Knightsbridge.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a GARNET
RING, in chased gold setting; supposed to have been left in a
Hansom cab, or dropped in the street or on the platform at Victoria
Station, on Tuesday, Dec. 20. The above reward will be paid on re¬
covery, on application to H. W. N., 112, Cambridge-street, Belgravia
South.
TO CABMEN.—LEFT in a CAB, on the 3d inst.,

rom Sheldon-street, Bishop's-road, to Hyde-park-terrace,
a BLACK LEATHER BAG. If
river will bring the same
to 2, Sheldon-street, he shall be REWARDET
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, in St.
Wamess
Jermyn-street, or Piccadilly, a PAIR of PLAIN
GOLD WRIST LINKS. Whoever has found the same, and will take
them to 8, St. James's-street, shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, a BANK of ENGLAND NOTE. The
termay receive the same by applying to Fortnum, Mason, and
Co., 182, Piccadilly.
FOUND, on the 4th inst., at Upper Streatham,near
the White Lion Inn, a FIVE-POUND NOTE (£5). Any person
giving the number and description of the same can receive it.
Apply to A. S. B. Barnes, 13, Leigham-lane, Streatham.
FOUR POUNDS REWARD.—WANTED, a COPY
of an ADVERTISEMENT which was seen in the Morning Post
and other London and country newspapers in the year 1858, inquiring
for John and Thos. Savage, of Llandrinio, or next of kin. Apply to
E. Savage, Wantage, Berxs.
THOMAS JACKSON and JOSEPH JACKSON,
two of the sons of Henry Jackson, of Skirwith, in Cumberland,
and Margaret, his wife, formerly Margaret Nelson, of Morland, and
born respectively in 1750 and 1753, left this country as young men, and
have not, it is believed, since been heard of. The latter is supposed to
have sailed on some whaling expedition, but it is not known where
Thomas went. If they or either of them have left children or other
issue, such children or issue may HEAR of SOMETHING to their
ADVANTAGE by applying to Messrs. Bell, Brodrick, and Bell, of
Bow churchyard, London; or Mr. Edward Bleaymire, of Penrith,
Cumberland.
TO SOLICITORS, Proctors, and others.—In the
Matter of Mrs. MARGARET CAMPBELL, deceased.—Whereas,
Margaret Campbell, of Bligh-street, Sydney, in the colony of New
South Wales, widow and relict of Robert Campbell, late of the same
place. Esquire, deceased, made her last will at Sydney aforesaid, dated
the 23th December, 1858, and left the said colony for England in the
beginning of the year 1859, and afterwards arrived there and resided
for a short time at Richmond, in the county of Surrey, and afterwards
at the Hotel Bristol and at No. 4, Rue d'Astoy, Paris, and died at the
Hotel Chatham, Paris, on the 25th day of April, 1864. It is not known
whether the said Margaret Campbell made any codicil to her said will
or not after leaving the said colony. The executors named in the will
hereby offer to any solicitor, proctor, notary, or other person who may
have made any CODICIL to her said WILL, upon its being handed to
her executors, or giving satisfactory information relative thereto, such
a sum as will fully and liberally reimburse them for all their expenses
and trouble in the business. Information to be forwarded to Messrs.
Wilde, Rees, Humphry, and Wilde, 21, College-hill, London, solicitors
for the executors.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs-at-Law, Legatees, &c.—An
Index to 20,000 persons advertised for since 1750, 1s., post free
13 stamps.—HERBERT FRERES, 2, Marlborough-terrace, Bridge¬
road, Battersea. Bank of England Unclaimed Dividends, Treasury,
Chancery, and all Foreign Stocks and Records Searched.
NCLAIMED PROPERTY.—Heirs Wanted.—
British, colonial
dae eod
PROPERTIE S e

at various periods
ween 1750 and 186
remain UNCLAIMED.—

a d Co., Clarendon.
ambers, Holborn, W.C., possess
facilities for the recovery thereof. Families entitied to any lost pro¬

can forward written statements. Bona fide claims taken on
commissio
Wills, unclaimed funds, Chancery, Indian, and other re¬
cords searched.
POLOGY from Captain DONALD (late North¬
amptonshire Militial.—John Quicke, Esq.—Sir.—I apologize
for the unjustifiable attack I made upon you at the Gloucester Hotel,
Weymouth, on the 24th of November, 1864. I admit that you have
made no apology, and that I require none; and I consent to your
publishing this in the newspapers or in any other way you ple¬
THOMAS DONALD.
PROCLAMATION.—At the request of Senator Dr.
Fried. Muller, in his name and in that of his constituent Joles.
Jeel. Muller, in Mgoszez (Western Prussia), of Charles Adolphe Raynal
in the name of his wife, Margaretha Christina Muller, and of Heinrich
August Muller, as heirs of the deceased Carl Hermann Muller, the
Lower Court of this city has issued a Proclamation, to the end that
all those persons who have a right, pretension, or CLAIM to the
SUCCESSION of CARL HERMANN MULLER, deceased, in this
city, on the 31st August, 1863, arising from any motive or title, espe¬
cially from the transactions of the deceased with the houses Bablsen,
Muller, and Co., in Valparaiso and Lima; F. N. Muller and Co., in
London and Liverpool; and Erer, Einebeke and Muller, in Valparaiso,
and are willing to vindicate their claims to the said succession, are
obliged, under pain of exclusion, to notify their claims to this Court,
foreigners by agents duly authorized, and to clear their title, until the
24th March, 1865, which is the only and peremptory term
Hamburg, Nov. 2. 1864.
(In fidem) BIELAU, Actuary.
NOTICE.—BROKERS.—City of London.—
Whereas, by an Act of Parlament passed in the 6th year of the
reign of her late Majesty, Queen Anne, it is enacted "That all per¬
sons that shall act as Brokers within the city of London and Liberties
thereof shall from time to time be admitted by the Court of Mayor
and Aldermen of the said city for the time being, under such restric¬
tions and limitations for their bonest and good behaviour as
that Court shall think fit and reasonable"; and by an Act of Parlia¬
ment passed in the 57th year of the reign of his late Majesty, King
George III., after reciting the said first-mentioned Act, it is enacted
"That if any person shall take upon him to act as a Broker, or employ,
or cause, permit, or suffer any person or persons to be employed with,
under, or for him, to act as such within the said city and liberties,
not being admitted in pursuance of the said recited Act, every such per¬
son so offending shall forfeit and pay to the use of the Mayor and
Commonalty and citizens of the said city, for every such offence, the
sum of £100, to be recevered by action of debt, in the name of the
Chamberlain of the said city, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Re¬
cord"; and whereas, there is great reason to believe that many persons
who are not admitted by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen do exercise
the office of a Broker, and employ others under them to act as such,
within the said city and liberties, in contempt and violation of the law,
to the great injury and prejudice of those who are duly admitted to be
brokers of this city, and to the manifest hazard of merchants and
others employing persons who are under no restrictions or limitations,
nor have given bond with sureties for their honest and good behaviour,
as brokers regularly admitted by the Court of Aldermen are subjected
o:—Notice is therefore hereby given, that whoever will give IN¬
FORMATION, either to the Comptroller, at his office in Guildhall, or
to Mr. John Thornton, 2, Guildhall-chambers, Basinghall-street,
receiver of brokers' rents, of any offence committed contrary to the
said Act, shall receive a REWARD of FIFTY POUNDS on convic¬
tion of the offender, who will be prosecuted on such information at

WOODTHORPE.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD. — Whereas, certain
persons have been going about the country falsely representing
themselves as travellers for the firm of Lewis and Allenby, of Regent¬
street. London, silkmercers, and offering for sale articles represented
as part of that firm's stock:—Notice is hereby given, for and on behalf
of the said LEWIS and ALLENBY, that they neither employ travel¬
lers nor authorize persons to go about the country soliciting orders
and with a view to the detection and punishment of the parties making
so fraudulent a use of their name, a reward of £50 is hereby offered
by the said Lewis and Allenby to any person giving such information
as shall result in a conviction of the offending parties such reward to
be paid on conviction. Information to be sent to 
J. H. and R. Tyas.
No. 13, Beaufort-buildings, Strand, London, the e.
citors of th e a i dn
Lewis and Allenby.	J. H. and R. TYAS, 13, Beaufort¬

buildings, Strand.
MARTIN MAYLARD
o0 an
50
High-street,
Borough, in RETIRING from BUSINESS, begs to return


o his numerous friends and customers for the
ong¬
contined favours, and to inform them that he has transferred his stock
and bu
tatss to Capper

achurch-strete to whom
mhe et thtat all debts due to him

We beg to notify that the whole remainder of Mr. Maylard's stod
has been removed to our premises, and will be offered, at a great reduc¬
tion from the original cost, on Thursday, the 12th of January, and fol¬
lowing days, with our usual new year's clearance of last season's goods
—silk and other dresses, French shawls, flannels, table linen and sheet¬
ings, lace shawls and cambric handkerchiefs, muslin works of all
kinds, hosiery and gloves.—Capper, Son, and Co., nnendrapers by ap¬
pointment to the Queen and to the Prince of Wales, 69 and 70, Grace¬
church-street, and 169 and 170, Fenchurch-street.
MESSRS. JOSEPH and JOHN VICKERS and
Co. beg to inform their friends that the first brick of the founda¬
tions of their new distillery in Victoria-street, Westminster, was laid
on Monday, the 2d day of January, and every effort will be made to
press forward the work without delay. The erection of the new steam
stills and machinery has been entrusted to a gentleman of the highest
scientific attainments, and everything will be done to render the new
distillery worthy of the patronage of those friends who have so long
given them their support. Fresent address, Bridge-house Hotel, Lon¬
don-bridge, S.E., and Rutland-wharf, 4, Upper
ames-st, city, E.C.
SCARFS.—Manufacturers and retailers are CAU¬
TIONED that proceedings will be taken against all persons who
make or sell any scarfs which admit of being worn either end upwards,
with a detachable band or tie, except such as are secured by letters
patent granted to Alfred Swonnell, dated 6th May, 1864.—Dated 3d
January, 1865. H. WICKENS, Solicitor to the Patentee,
 4, Tokenhouse-yard, Bank.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING ad DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17. Wharf-road, City-road, viz.:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
CAUTION.—HARRIS'SSPECTACLES. THOMAS
HARRIS and SON CAUTION the public against persons using
their name. Business (established 1780) solely conducted at 52, Great
Russell-street, opposite the British Museum-gate, where only can be
had their celebrated spectacles, opera and field glasses. No travellers
REMOVAL. —W. CARDINAL and Co., importers
of Turkey carpetsn
general carpet warehousemen, respect¬
fully announce their REMOVAL from St. Helen's-place, Bishopsgate,
to Levant-warehouse, 108 and 109, High Holborn, W.C.
NOTICE.—Mr. WATHERSTON (late of Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden, goldsmith, begs respectfully to inform
the nobility and gentry that his late partnership having been dissolved.
he now carries on the same system of business at 12, Pall-mall east,
adjoining the National Gallery, under the firm of Watherston and Son,
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. J.W. BENSON begs
to inform the nobility, gentry, and public that, in consequence
of his premises in Cornhill being required for a public com¬
pany, he has TRANSFERRED the BUSINESS lately carried on
there to his principal establishment and manufactory, at 33 and 34,
Ludgate-hill. For the further convenience of his customers he has also
opened branch establishments at 99, Westbourne-grove, 164, Totten¬
ham-court-road, and 67, Newington-causeway.
SOHO BAZAAR, Counters Nos. 184, 185, 218, and
.
219.—MORNING CAPS. Miss BRYAN.
THF. RANTOONE.
.
