WB., 5 a. If that is a rock of offence, remove it to
28 red —— E. N.
NET is in very great distress about money matters.
Will his friend lend him some early next week? Jet is ashamed
to ask this, but the case is urgent.—March 16.
DEAR C.,—Are you ill, or why this long silence?
I am unhappy about you. I want to know about the L.affair.
Am also leaving here, the 22d. Do come up, if only for an hour.—Em.
RENEFACTION.—£20 was safely RECEIVED
from a benefactor unknown, by the Secretary of the ROYAL
INFIRMARY, City-road. The Committee in gratefully acknowledg.
ing it wish they had many more to announce.
ROYAL NATIONAL LIFE-BOAT INSTITU¬
TION.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEPT of £25 from the Stewards of the Private Ball given at St.
James's-hall on the 5th February in aid of the funds of the Institution.
—14, John-Street, Adelphi, March 15.
TO PARISH CLERKS and others. —ONE
GUINEA will be given for the CERTIFICATE of the BURIAL
of WM. WILKINSON, Esq., formerly of the firm of Donaldson and
Wilkinson, 53, Old Broad-street; supposed to be dead about 23 years.
Apply to J. G., 2, John-Street, Bedford-row, London.
MONTAGUE HARVEY GRANT. — TWO
GUINEAS will be paid for the BURIAL CERTIFICATE of
the above person, or for other satisfactory evidence of the time of his
death. He is believed to have died in 1834, and it is known that he
was discharged from the King's Bench Prison in October, 1831. Apply
to Messrs. Clare and Coulcher, law stationers, 50, Chancery-lane, W.O.
CASSWELL and BAKER were many years since
wholesale druggists in Gracechurch-Street. If they or any of
their children will apply at the following address they will HEAR of
SOMETHING to their ADVANTAGE. Address A. B., H. Davies,
Esq.'s, 1. White Hart-court, Lombard-street.
MARY ANN PARSONS, who, in the early part of
last year, lived at 13, Stockbridge-terrace, Pimlico, is requested
to communicate with Mr. F. W. Hilbery, solicitor, 32, Crutchedfriars,
London, from whom she will HEAR of SOMETHING to her AD¬
VANTAGE; or any person giving information as to where she may
now be found shall (on her being so) receive two guineas e
ward.
CHARLES SMITH, carver and gilder.—FIVE
POUNDS REWARD for his present ADDRESS, if alive, or some
evidence of his death. Last heard of about the latter end of 1828 or
the early part of 1829; then 25 years of age, and employed at a car¬
ver's in Bath, and lodging at Mr. Vine's, the Fox and Hounds, Walcot¬
street, Bath. Subject to fits. Accustomed to say "Don't you know me?"
Supposed to have left for Bristol, and thence by vessel, as a notice
appeared about this time in a newspaper describing such a person as
having fallen overboard in a fit and was drowned. Address M. J., care
of Eyre and
Co., 4. Bouverie-street, Fleet-street, E.C.
LOST, a BUNCH of KEYS, on Chubb's patent
ring, No. 4,448. Whoever will bring them to 102, Leadenhall¬
street, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, on Tuesday, the 14th, between Upper Sey¬
mour-street west and Portsea-place.
Connaught-square, a GOLD
CHAIN, with five lockets attached. Whoever brings the same to
No. 16, Upper Seymour-st, west, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, between 22, Henrietta-street, Cavendish¬
square, and Vere-street Chapel, between 11 a.m. and noon
yesterday, a PURSE, containing a gold pencilease. Whoever will
bring these to the above address will be REWARDED.—March 15, 1865.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, a large
DOG; answers to "Faust." Light brown colour, rough coat.
Irish wolf breed. Has a leather collar, with brass plate—"C. M. C., 5,
Bow-churchyard;" and the above reward will be paid to any one who
may return the same to this address.
TEN POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on Wednesday
sevening, the 15th March, a GOLD HUNTING WATCH, with
gold Albert chain, drop keys, &c.; makers' names "Fletcher and
Sons," No. 15,729. Anyone bringing the same to Messrs. Fletcher and
Sons, 143, Leadenhall-Street, shall receive the above rew
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—A gentleman, travel
ling by the 4.15 p.m. express Manchester to London, on Sunday,
the 5th inst., LEFT, in a second-class carriage at Alderley, or in a first¬
class carriage at Rugby, a small BLACK LEATHER PORTMAN¬
TEAU. The above reward will be paid to any one who will forward
the same to Mr. Farrar, at the Star Hotel, High-Street, Sheffield

TO BANKERS, Bill Discounters, and others.—
LOST or STOLEN, a FIRST BILL of EXCHANGE for £700,
drawn by the Egyptian Commercial and Trading Company at Alex¬
andria, at three months' date, on their London Board, in favour of
Franghidi, Brothers, endorsed by them to Charalampi Balli, and by
him to Papayanni, Brothers, but not endorsed by the last named firm;
accepted by the Egyptian Commercial and Trading Company of Lon¬
don, payable at Glyn, Mills, and Co.'s, due 1-4, May, 1865. Payment of
the bill is stopped. Communications may be made to the Egyptian
Commercial and Trading Company, London; or Messrs. Papayanni,
Brothers, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.
FOUND, some BANK of ENGLAND NOTES. The
owner, upon giving a proper description and paying expenses of
this advertisement, can have the same by applying to Lake and Turner,
Anchor dining rooms, 66, Chepse.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £75 Reduced Three per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of BERNARD COBBE,
of Walnut-tree-walk, Lambeth, Esq., deceased, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 10th October, 1833;—
Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid to Anne Frances Cobbe, spinster, John Henry Eccles,
and John Nicholas Bennett, executors of Charles Cobbe, deceased, who
was the surviving executor of the said Bernard Cobbe, who have
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and
make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £31 11s. 8d. Consolidated
Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
CHARLES FALKNER, of Dippenhall, near Farnham, farmer;
CHARLES FALKNER, jun., of the same place, gentleman;
GEORGE FALKNER, of Walnut Tree-walk, Lambeth, gentleman:
and WILLIAM FALKNER, of Hampton, Middlesex, gentleman; and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of
the Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th Ja¬
nuary, 1854;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid, to Charles Falkner and Charles Falkner, jun.,
who have claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner
appear and make out his claim thereto.
NOTICE to a LEGATEE.—Leaver, Lawes, or
Leeves.—Pursuant to a Decree of the High Court of Chancery,
made in a cause "Montagu v. Lansdown and others," all persons
CLAIMING to be the LEGATEE, or the Legal Personal Representa¬
tives of the deceased Legatee, under the WILL of MONTAGU
MONTAGU, late of the city of Bath, Esquire, a captain in Her
Majesty's Navy (who died on 31st July, 1863), in respect of the under¬
mentioned legacy, is or are, by her or their solicitors, on or before the
11th day of April, 1865, to come in and prove her or their right to
such legacy at the chambers of the Vice-Chancellor Wood, No. 11,New¬
square, Lincoln's-inn, Middlesex; or, in default thereof, she or they
will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the said decree.
Saturday, the 15th day of April, 1865, at 12 o'clock at noon, at the said
chambers, is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upou the claims.
The following is the legacy above referred to.—To Miss Leaver, Bath,
£100. There is some reason to suppose that the legatee's real name
may have been Lawes or Leeves, and that she at some time resided at
Brighton. —Dated this 14th day of March, 1865.
HY. LEMAN, Chief Clerk.
ICKS and SON, Gray
eeiiaintiff's S
citor.
CITY of LONDON UN
N.—r T 
Board of
C
Guardians of the City of London Union do hereby gt
notics,
the
e the e e
sace
te te ey will proceed to the
election of a RFGISTRAR of BIRTHS and DEA¬
S for the South
District of the Union. Applications from candidates
ese
who must reside within the district, must be sent to me on or befor
Monday, the 27th of March. Candidates are expected to be in attend¬
ance on the 28th of March, at 2 o'clock p.m. Particulars
dluties and
qualifications can be obtained on application to the Superintendent
Registrar.
By order of the Board,
HHN BP E.
te . Clerk and Superintenden.
Registrar,
City of London Union Offices,
St. Mary-axe, E.C.
March 14th, 1865.
FFI L.
NENRNREREST .
—No. 230. —Tilley¬
park, Wem, Salop.—In the matter of the Act of 25th and 26th
Victoria, chap. 53.—Notice is hereby given, that on the application of
RICHARD BRYAN SMITH, of Villa Nova, Shrewsbury, in the
county of Salop. Esquire, and MARY EMMA SMITH, of the same
place, spinster, the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry intends, at
the expiration of three calendar months from the date hereof to
REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE all those HEREDITA¬
MENTS called or known as the Tilley-park Estate, in the township of
Tilley and Trench, in the parish of Wem, in the county of Salop;
containing 93a. 3r. 16p. or thereabouts, in the tenure or occupation
of John Starkie, and which hereditaments are dolineated on the map
No. 230, deposited by the applicants in the Office of Land Registry as
part of the description of the same, and therein edged with red,
together with the mines and minerals under the same here¬
ditaments. If any person objects to, or desires to show cause against
such registration, or claims that the same should be subject to any con¬
ditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or incumbrauce,
charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before the Regis¬
trar, should be entered bn the Register, with reference to such here¬
ditaments, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the
said three calendar months from the date hereof, personally or by his
solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection
or to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect of such re¬
gistration. But any person desiring to make such objection or claim
must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and
with his name and address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry be¬
fore the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from making the same.
The said, map of the said hereditaments deposited in the Office of
Land Registry may be inspected at the said office at any time before
the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof.
—Dated this 17th day of March, 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
A. . S  .
MARY EMMA SMITH Applicants in Person.
THE SOUTH LONDON WORKING CLASSES
INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION, Lambeth Baths, Westminster-rd.
Patron—His Royal Highness the Prince of WALES.
OPEN daily, Monday till Thursday, 12 to 4, admission 6d.; Fridays,
12 to 4, half-a-crown; Saturdays, from 2 to 10, and every evening, 6
till 10, at 2d. Special arrangements for 
ools on application to the
Honorary Secretary GEO. M. MURPHY, 55, Finchley-road, S.
INAUGURATION of the NEW TATTERSALL's.
—The friends of Messrs. Tattersall having determined on giving
them a DINNER to celebrate the above event, and to mark the
eneral estimation in which they are held, the same will take place at
Willis's Rooms, King-Street, St. James's, on Tuesday, the 11th of April,
1865, at 6 o'clock precisely,
The Hon. Admiral ROUS in the Chair.
Tickets, two guineas each, to be had at Willis's Rooms; at Mr.
Bubb's library, 167, New Bond-street; and at Tattersall's subscription
rooms, Hyde-park-corner, on application to Mr. Thomas.
.To the GROCERS of GREAT BRITAIN.

PERMIT me respectfully to offer a few words more
on the proposed alteration of the credit on sugar. Two months'
prompt is not excessive nor too long for practical convenience, and
possesses many advantages which, if given up, must be an injury to the
trade at large. Custom is law. The bar itself is governed by custom. The
market terms belong to the whole trade, and are not the property of
any particular few. No set of men have any right to alter the
usual terms, to the injury of the great body, without sufficient compen¬
sation. Why should the middle agents get two months' discount and
the retailers, who are to find the money, get only one? Why should
the severely-earned money of the grocers not be entitled to the full ad¬
vantage of trade discount as in other trades? Upon what ground is
the loss of this month's discount to be taken out of the grocers'
pockets? What are a few men joined together to compel the grocers
to ignore their own market rights and to stultily the just discount
which their capital is fairly entitled to
The idea is vicious in the extreme, and opposed to all reason and
good sense. Pardon me, Gentlemen, if I say that no man with a proper
amount of self respect ought to allow himself to be so imposed upon.
Those who expected to get the best men only will find it quite the
reverse.

Your obedient servant.
TEETGEN.
Kingsland, and 67, Bishopsgate-street within, March 14, 1860.
TO PRINTERS.—V. and J. FIGGINS beg to in¬
form their friends that their FOUNDRY is REMOVED from
West-street to Ray-street, Farringdon-road, E.C.
TO the LEATHER TRADE.—W. H. JONES and
SON, leather merchants and boot upper manufacturers, respect¬
fully beg to remind thehl countrycorrespondonts that they now CLOSE
at 2 o'clock on SATURDATS.—179, High-Street, Borough, S.E.
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
—Confidential inquiries in England and the Continent.—London
offices, 13, Paddington-green, W.
PRIVATE INQUIRY-OFFICE, 20, Devereux¬
le lestablished 1852), under the direction of CHARLES
FREDERICK FIELD, late Chief of the Metropolitan Detective
Police. Inquiries made for noblemen, gentlemen, solicitors, railway
and insurance companies. Avents in New York, Quebec, Montreal.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE OFFICE (established
57), at 5, Church-court, Clement's-lane, Lombard-street, RE¬
MOVED to 13, Great Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons
dential, and important inouiries conducted by JOHN LEWIS, 17
years an officer in the city of London police.
PHRENOLOGY.—Miss NOA receives visitors for
the examination of heads at her residence, 31, Western-villas,
Blomfield-road. W. She alto gives lessons and lectures on nhrenology.
