HOPE.—More mortification for me; have been
waiting most impatiently to hear from you, and this day
Nos. 1 and 2 have been returned. A thousand kind wishes.—b. y d h.
CAPTAIN.—The party now lives in St. John's-wood.
Your letter was misdirected.—C. NICHOLLS, Private Inquiry¬
office, Devernex-court, Temple
FELIX.—Thanks. Though painfully anxious and
alarmed, we try to rest hopingly on B—e's truth and love. Please
arrange with Ce. shortly, and write home about it. Absolutely neces¬
sary. If both are vetoed, what is gained by desertion? T.'s love and
thanks to W—y for the signature. God bless you. You can if you
will.
DEAR JOE.—Why do you not come home? You
were not well when you left town on Friday. You are ill some¬
where, and we are in great distress. Can I come to you? or if you want
money let me know You have only to ask for anything you want, and
nothing to fear.—Your Sister, M. S. R.
TRAVERS, W., to JOE R.—If you do not like to
communicate with home, and you want money or advice, why
not communicate with me or Henry W.?. You knoweither of us would
help you.
TO C. C. W.—RETURN immediately. Read atten¬
tively Section 11 of the Bankruptcy Act; or, if you cannot get it,
the pamphlet called "The People's Guide to the New Law," page 19,
will do as well. You have only 14 days to decide. Telegraph at once.
—R. C., 14th Dec. Les Journaux Etrangers sont priés de vouloir
bien inserer l'annonce qui precede, attendu qu'on pense que la per¬
sonne qu'on recherche est à l'stranger.
COLBORN BARRELL.—To Parish Clerks and
others.—£2 will be given for a COPY of the REGISTRY of
BURIAL, or other authentic evidence of the date of the death, of
Mr. COLBORN BARRELL, a member of the firm of Barrell and
Servante, merchants and American agents, who are believed to have
garried on business in Threadneedle-street, and afterwards a
No. 6, Ingram-court, Fenchurch-street, from 1795 to 1800. Apply to
Messrs. Dangerfield and Fraser, solicitors, 26, Craven-street, Charing¬
cross, W.C.
REV. SEPTIMUS HANSARD ACKNOW¬
LEDGES the RECEIPT of £10, from a "Spinster lady, late
for the sick and destitute of St. Matthew's, Bethnal-green.
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand.
W.C.—The Governors thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RE¬
CEIPT of £25 from the Worshipful the Court of the Company of
HENRY WOOLCOTT, Secretary.
ST. PETERS HOSPITAL for STONE, 54, Berners¬
cet.—The Honorary Secretary has, with all gratitude, to AC¬
KNOWLEDGE the RECEPT of £5 Note, A over 28 15695, from
A. Rose"'.—23d. Dec., 186.
SHIPWRECKED MARINERS' SOCIETY.—The
Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the SUM of £5 5s. from
Messrs. Schilizzl and Co., of Finsbury-circus, in aid of poor castaways,
or their widows and orphans, during the late disastrous gales.
Hiberma-chambers, London-bridge, S.E., Dec. 24th, 1869.
THE HOSPITAL for WOMEN, Soho-square.—
The Secretary begs to ACKNOWLEDGE, with thanks, the RE¬
CEIPT of a GRANT of £50, from the Worshipful Company of Brewers,
to the funds of the above Institution.
THE NATIONAL HOSPITAL for CONSUMP¬
TION, on the separate or cottage principle, Ventnor.—The Gene¬
ral Committee ACKNOWLEDGE, with cordial thanks, the liberal
GRANT of FIFTY GUINEAS from the Worshipful Company of
ROYAL ALERED AGED MERCHANT SEA¬
MENS INSTITUTION (ate Belvedere).—The kind COLLEC¬
TION of £43 17s., made by J. W. WOOD, Esq., Registrar of Shipping
Harwich, in aid of the Funes of this Institution, is thankfully
ACKNOWLEDGED by the Committee.—Cowper's-court, Cornhill,
E.C., 24th December, 1864.
LEFT on the 21st instant, in a CAB, from Wey¬
mouth-street to Kentish-town, a CASH BOX, containing keys,
and two cheques on Messrs. Praed and Co., the payment of which has
been stopped. Whoever will send the box, with contents, or the keys,
per Parcels Delivery Company, to the Rev. W. Calvert, the Parsonage
House, Kentish-town, shall be REWARDED.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT, in a first¬
class railway carriage at Reading Station, on Wednesday, Nov. 26,
TWO GOLD BRACELETS, and other Articles of Jewellery. Apply to
W. Dickenson, 1, Queen's-gardens, Hyde-park.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, between the
Alhambra and the Strand, on the night of the 23d inst., a GOLD
WATCH and CHAIN (one of Viner's pamp watches). Any one taking
the same to the housekeeper, 11, Adam-Street, Adelphi, W.C., shall
receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, supposed to
have been taken by mistake from the Waterloo Junction or
Waterloo Stations, on the afternoon of the 23d December, a DARK
LEATHER HAND-BAG, containing pair of boots, slippers, metal
flask, book, papers, bunches of keys, &c. Information as to the
owner's address may be obtained from Mr. Coyle, at cloak room,
Cannon-Street Station, S.E. Railway.
FOUND, in a railway carriage, a PURSE, containing
among other articles a lady's visiting card, with name but no
address. The owner may recover the same by sending full description,
per letter only, addressed A. C., 98, Maida-vale, 
IF the LUGGAGE LEFT by ROBT. VOKINS, in
June, 1867, at Hutchett's Hotel, Piccadilly, is NOT REMOVED
within 14 days from this date, it will be SOLD to defray expenses.
NEVADA FREEHOLD PROPERTIES TRUST.
—Chairman, the Honourable JAMES TOBIN. Major-General
Mason, the Trustee deputed to proceed to Nevada to examine the
Mines and register the titles to the properties, has brought home a
most satisfactory report, together with numerous samples of ores,
taken by himself, and three hars of silver produced from three tons
of ore mined and milled under his personal supervision, all of which
are open to inspection at the offices of the Trust.
By order, C. H. THOMAS, Secretary pro tem.
No. 42, Moorgate-street, London, E.C.
AND REGISTRY.—No. 525.—In the Matter of
the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53.—The Blagrave
Estate, in the parish of Barrow Gurney, and other parishes, in the
county of Somerset.—Notice is hereby given, that on the application of
JOHN HENRY BLAGRAVE, of Calcot-park, near Reading, in the
county of Berks, Esquire, the Registrar intends, at the expiration of
three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an
indefeasible TITLE the INCORPOREAL HEREDITAMENTS
called or known as the Manor of Barrow Gurney, in the county of
Somerset, and also the Hereditaments called or known as the Blagrave
Barrow Estate, in the parish of Barrow Gurney; Dundry Farm, in the
parish of Dundry; Backwell Farm, in the parish of Backwell; Failand
Farm, in the parishes of Wraxall and Porthury; and other lands in
the parishes of Winford St. George and Nailsen, all in the county of
Somerset, containing the respective quantities following (that is to
say):—In the parish of Barrow Gurney 790a. 3r. 34p., or thereabouts; in
the parish of Dundry 275a., or thereabouts; in the parish of Backwell
74a. Ir. 24p., or thereabouts; in the parish of Wraxall 198a, 2r., or
thereabouts; in the parish of Portbury 45a. 1r. 22p., or thereabouts;
in the parish of Winford 165a. 2r. 16p., or thereabouts; in the parish of
St. George 3a. 2r. 32p., or thereabouts; and in the parish of Nailsea
17a. Ir., or thereabouts, partly in hand, and partly in the tenures or
occupations of the Reverend Henry Tripp, John Stephens, George
Vowles, Robert Weeks, Richard Bax, Hester Holder, James Reynolds,
Samuel Cox, Joseph Hy. Ridler, Samuel Woolf, John Griffin, Richmond
Harding, Joseph Joues, Abraham Long, Robert Marshall, James
Williams, George Yeales, John Naish, Thomas Marshall, Thomas
Young, Thomas Parnell, Thomas Cole, William Pearce, George Lodge,
William Broad, Sir J. M. Elton, Bart., Chares Lovell, John Hasell,
Eliza Coombs, Joseph Poole, John Derrich, George Marshall, Isaac
Hayman, Betsey Gowen, William Simmons, J. Mirehouse, Alfred
Watts, Samuel Child, John Jonas Edgell, Richard Evered, and others,
which said hereditaments have for a considerable time formed part of
the estates of the Biagrave family, and are (exclusive of the said
manor) delineated on the map No. 525, parts 1, 2, 3, and 4 respectively,
deposited in the Office of Land Registry as part of the description
of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, together
with the mines and minerals under the hereditaments on the said
map. If any person object to, or desire to show cause against,
such registration, or claim that the same should be subject to any
couditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance,
charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar,
shouid be entered on the register, such person may be heard at the
Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before
the expiration of the said three months, personally or by his solicitor
or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection to, or
to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect of, such registra¬
tion. But any person desiring to make such objection or claim must
lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his
name and address thereto, in the said office before the expiration of
the said three months, otherwise he will be excluded from making
the same. The aforesaid map may be inspected at the said office at
any time before the expiration of the said three months.—Dated this
25th day of December, 1864.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
BRIDGES, SAWTELL, HEYWOOD, and RAM, 23, Red
Lionsquare, London, W.C., Solicitors to the Applicant.
WHEREAS THOMAS BLACKWELL, of Soho¬
square, in the county of Middlesex, Italian warehouseman
d HENRY PHELPS BAXTER, of Southall-green, in the said
sounty, farmer, and JAMES RICHMOND, of James-street, Covent¬
gurden, in the said county, potato salesman, being respectively inte¬
rested under the provisions of "The Acts for the Inclostire, Exchange.
and Improvement of Lands" in the LAND and HEREDITAMENTS
set forth in the Schedule nercunder written, with the easements and
appursenances thereunto belenging, and being de-irous of eifecting an
EXCHANGE of the same, have made application, in writing, to the
Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales to direct inquiries
whether such proposed exchange would be beneficial to the owners of
such respective lands and herenitaments, and to proceed with the same
under the provisions of the said Acts.
Now the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales being of
opinion that such exchange would be benencial, and that the terms
thereof are just and reasonable, hereby give notice thit they will cause
to be framed and confirmed, under ther hands and seal, an Order of
Exchange in the matter of the said application, unless notice in writing
of d ssent to the said proposed exchange be given to them by some
person entitled to an estate in, or to a charee upon, the said land and
hereditaments, or any part thereof, on or b. foe the 8th day of April
nest.
The SCHEDULE to which the Foregoing Notice refers.
Land and hereditaments in which the above-named Thomas Black¬
well is interested, situate in the parish of St. Mary, Lambeth, in the
county of Surrey, and proposed to be exchanged for the land and here¬
ditaments hereinafter specified. Description:—All those three preces
or parcels of ground, with the three messuages or tenements there¬
upon built, situate and being on the north side of Upper Kennington¬
lane (lately New Bridge-street, Vauxhall), as the same with the dimen¬
sions and abuttals thereof are more particularly delineated in the plan
annexed to the said application, together with the appurtenances
thereunte belonging, except the free passage of water and soil from
the other premises of the said Thomas Blackwell, his heir or assigns,
or his or their tenants, through the channels and drains appertaining
to the said premises, and commonly maed for that purpoce.—2,003

Land and hereditaments in which the above named Henry Phelpt
Baxter and James Richmond are interested, situate in the parish oe
St. Anne, Westminster in the county of Middlesex, and proposedof
be exchanged for the land and hereditaments hereinbefore specified
Description:—A picce of land, situate and being on the west side of
Sutton-place (formerly Bow-street), and the stables, cowhouses, and
buildings erected thereon, which said piece of land is bouaded on the
north by premises belonging to the devisee in trust of the late Fraucis
Glossor, Esquire, on the south by premises belonging to Messrs.
Crosse and Blackwell, on the east by Sutton-place aforesaid, and on
the west partly by premises in the occupation of Messrs. Emmerson
and Son, and partly by premises in the occupation or Messrs. eertham
and Co., as the same premises now and have for many years past been
in the occupation of Miss T. M. Worrell, dairywoman, and are, with the
dimensions and abuttals thereof, more particularly de.ineated in the
plan annexed to the said application. —750 square feet.
Witness my hand this 23d day of December, in the year of our
Lord, 1869.
H. PYNE (by Oorder of the Board).
Inclosure Commission, 3, St. James's-square, London, S.W
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bettle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON,
bears the label, used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHERS QUEEN's READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPE LAMPS, as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family.—The public are CAUTIONED against
inferior imitations, M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-street, being
the sole inventor and manufacturer of these celebrated lamps. Draw¬
ings and prices post free. No agents.
CAUTION.—The THREE-GUINEA GOLD
BRIDESMAID's LOCKET, of best werkmanship, gold opening
back to contain two miniatures and any initials, in fine pearls, tur¬
quoises, coral, or coloured enamels, can only be obtained of the re¬
gistered designers and inventors, Messrs. HOWELL, JAMES, and
Co., jewellers to the Royal Family, 5, 7, 9, Regent-street, Pall-mall.,
Five per cent, discount allowed for cash.
CAUTION.—The THREE-GUINEA GOLD
BRIDESMAID'S LOCKET, of best workmanship, gold opening
back to contain two miniatures and any initials, in fine pearls, tur¬
quoises, coral, or coloured emamels, can only be obtained of the re¬
gistered designers and inventors, Messrs. HOWELL, JAMES, and
Co., jewellers to the Royal Family, 5, 7, 9, Regent-street, Pall-mall.
Five per cent, discount allowed for cath.
CAUTION.—The NOURISHING STOUT.—Trade
Label. The public are cautioned against receiving any as genuine
which does not bear upon each cusk and bottle the registered trade
mark, as follows:—"Nourishing Londen Stout," between two red
circles; within the inner circle. "Ragget
late Blocke
21 n eke,
street, St. James's," as well as the letters "K. above B' in red; and
across the label, in white letters epon a red band, "Anfilyzed and Re¬
ported on by Dr. Hassall." It is very important that the names of
RAGGETT (late Blockey), and Dr. Hassall, should be distinctly
noted, as unprincipled traders are copying the label with this exceptions.
CAUTION.—The Pall-mall Jewel Case.—Messrs.
HOWELL, JAMES, and Co. beg respectfully to caution the
public that they are the sole patentees and manufacturers of the newly¬
mvented PALL-MALL JEWEL CASE, the chief characteristics of
which will recommend themselves as a ready deposit and safeguard to
valuable property. In the construction of the case the greatest sim¬
plicity and portability have been observed, coupled with the utmost
secrecy and consequent security to the contents. It is fire-proof; and,
in discarding the hitherto shapened receptacles for the several articles,
the case is adapted to fit any jewel without the fear of the slightest
injury. —Howell. James, and Co., Regent-street, Pall-mall.
