POLLO.—Go to the P. O.
MAUDE.—Send NAME and ADDRESS to
Morrisson's Hotel, Dublin.—.
AUNATICS. —Settled in a house at last. Write to
me; send an address to X. Y. Z., post-office, tea merchant's,
ing's-road, Chelsea.
MRS. JONES is informed that Mrs. T. has left her
old residence. Any day Mrs. Jones is in town will be glad to see
—No letter received. Expect my fears turned out
ZO, frue. Remember Motto 26. Telegraph instantly. Through
thick and thin.—T. F.
SATURDAY, July 24th, returning from Dramatic
Fête at Crystal Palace, Westminster train to Edgware-road
Station, Cab to 13, G—C—.—The GENTLEMAN is requested to let
E. know, through the second column of The Times, where a LETTER
can be sent to for him.
FRANCIS BRADLEY DYNE, Esquire, deceased.
—To Solicitors and others.—Notice is hereby given, that any
nor persons having in their custody any DEEDS or DOCU¬
MENTS belonging to the estate of the said F. B. DYNE, late of Gore¬
court, Tunstall, in the county of Kent, deceased, are hereby requested
forthwith to transmit such deeds and documents to me, the under¬
signed, the solicitor to the executors of the said F. B. Dyne: and
notice is further given, that any reasonable expenses incurred by any
such person or persons will be defrayed by the executors. —Dated 9th

E. S. CAVELL, 11, Waterloo-place, Pall-mall, S.W.,
Solicitor to the Executors of the said F. B. Dyne.
ALBERT LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY.—A
MEETING of the GENERAL COMMITTEE of the PRO¬
VINCIAL POLICY-HOLDERS in the above Company will be held
at the Guildhall Hotel, Gresham-street, city, London, on Wednesday,
the 15th day of September instant, at 11 o'clock a.m., at which the
Chairman, and one or more representatives of each Local Policy¬
holders Committee in the Kingdom, now or hereafter to be formed.
are particularly requested to attend.
Local Committees who may not send up representatives are re¬
quested to forward to the Secretarx the number of policy-holders and.
the total amount assured, represented by them, and also to express
their adhesion to such course of action as may be adopted by the

It is hoped that at this Meeting a definite course of action will be
adopted on the part of all the provincial policy-holders, and ulti¬
mately on the part of all the policy-holders in the kingdom.
Communications to be addressed to the Secretary,
 F. F. AYRE, Esq., 17, Bowl-alley-lane, Hull.
Dated this 10th day of September, 1869.
H. W. KEMP, the Charter-house, Hull, Chairman of the Hull
Policy-holders Committee.
ROBERT SMITH, Brook-street-mills, Manchester, Chairman of
the Manchester Policy-holders Committe.
JOHN LOWE, Birmingham, Chairman of the Birminghan
Policy-holders' Committee.
LOST, at Brighton (ONE POUND REWARD)
on Saturday, 4th September, in the Western-road, a SILVER
CARD CASE. If the finder will take the same to the address on the
cards contained in it, or to No. 12, Oakley-square, London, N.W., he
shall receive the above reward.
LOST, a BLACK LEATHER BAG, containing a
pocket-book, papers, and jewellery, supposed to be left in a cab
taken at Euston-square Station, and set down at Lower East Smith¬
field. Whoever shall take the same to Mr. Daniels, Albion Tavern,
Lower East Smithfield, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, supposed to have been taken by mistake from
the hall of the Hotel de Hollande, Cologue, on Friday morning,
September 10th, a SQUARE BLACK BOX, containing a deal bonnet¬
box, with two straw hats, a bonnet, and other things, also some dresses
and other wearing apparel. The box had an adhesive label, addressed
"Miss Murdoch, Cologne," and one of the handles had been torn off.
Whoever has taken it is requested to send it at once to Miss Murdoch,
No. 11, Elvaston-place, London, when all expenses connected with it
will be paid.
LOST DOGS.—Owners of lost dogs are recommended
to inquire between the hours of 9 and 6 o'clock, at the TEM¬
PORARY HOME for LOST DOGS, Hollingworth-Street, St. James's¬

No admissio n und.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, near West¬
minster-bridge, a small BLACK and TAN BITCH. If taken to
 Grosvenor Hotel, S.W., the above reward will be paid.—Sept. 13.
ONE POUND REWARD.—STRAYED, from
No. 33, New Finchley-road, St. John's-wood, on Sunday evening,
a SANDY coloured SCOTCH TERRIER DOG, answers to the name
"Dunny;" had on a collar engraved John Skinner, Oriental Bank,
Whoever will take him to the above address, shall receive the reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at Conway
Castle, on or about the 21st August, a LADYS handsome GOLD
CHAIN, Foreign Coin, Cross, &c., attached. Any person restoring the
same will be at once paid the above reward by Major Greig, Head Con¬
stable, Liverpool.
NEXT of KIN.—Nerestant.—The RELATIONS or
NEXT of KIN of CHARLES ERNEST NERESTANT, de¬
ceased, formerly of Langham-street, Portland-place, in the county of
Middlesex, but late of Avenue de Wagram, Paris, who died in April,
1863, are requested to apply to the Solicitor of the Treasury, White,
hall, London.—11th September, 1869.
NEXT of KIN.—Pike.—The RELATIONS or
NEXT of KIN of ELIZABETH PIKE, formerly of Cornwall¬
cottage, in the parish of Walcot, Bath, and late of Morforl-street, in
the same city, spinster, deceased, who died in the month of May,
1869, are requested to apply to the Solicitor of the Treasury, White¬
hall, London.—11th September 1369.
TO the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all persons in
general having or pretending to have any interest in the personal
estate and effects of SARAH LOWE, late of Onslow-square, Bromp¬
ton, Middlesex, spinster, deceased.—Take notice, that on the 4th day
of September, 1863, a CITATION, issued under the seal of Her Ma¬
jesty's Court of Probate, at the instance of Mary Elizabeth Ford, of
Scholar-green, near Lawton, in the county of Cheshire, widow, as the
sole legatee named in the will of Sarah Lowe, late of Onslow-square,
Brompton, in the county of Middlesex, spinster, deceased, citing the
next of kin (if any), and all persons in general, within 20 days after the
service of the said citation, inclusive of the day of service, to cause an
appearance to be entered for them in the said Court of Probate, and
a cept or refuse letters of administration, with the will annexed, of the
personal estate and effects of the said Sarah Lowe, deceased, or show
cause why the same should not be granted to the said Mary Elizabeth
Ford, as such sole legatee, with an intimation thut, in default of their
so doing, the Judge of the said Court of Probate, or the Registrars of
the Principal Registry, will proceed therem according to law, their
absence notwithstanding.
H. L. STRONG Registrar
KEMPSTON, TROLLOPE, and WINCKWORTH.

NEXT of KIN (new edition, just published).—A
classified and descriptive INDEX (of 20,000 hames guaranteed)
to Advertisements for Next of Kin, Chancery Heirs, Legatees, &c.,
from 1700 to 1869, post free for 32 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER,
b 17, Southampton-buildings, Chancer-an.
tLondon, E.C.
MISSING FRIENDS, Unclaimed Money, &c.—
INQUIRIES made in the United States of America, Canada,
Australia, and all parts of the globe, through 2,000 correspondents.
Legal business attended to abroad. Advertisements inserted in foreign
newspapers. Index to 12,000 advertisements for next of kin, heirs at
law, and legatecs, sent for 12 stamps.—ROBERT GUN, American,
colonial, and foreign agent, 6, Prince of Wales-road, London, N.W.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—Although most of the respect¬
able clothiers, drapers, and hosiers throughout the metropolis,
Liverpool, Manchester, and Birmingham, and other towns, have
entered ito arrangements whereby Messrs. NICOLLS PALETOTS
and other patented garments will be sold to the public at the customary
and very moderate retail prices, it is, nevertheless, needful, and in
order to prevent piracy, now to advertise that the TRADE MARK of
the firm us in each gurment, and consists of a loop or suspender, on
which is woven or stamped the Arms of London and Paris, and between
them the words "Nicoll's Patent." The public are also Cautioned
against the copyists of this firm's advertisements describing the merits
or pecuharities of the several novelties introduced by them, and as
they usually appear in a full column of The Times and other journals.
Information in reference to any infringement should be addressed to
the whole sale warehouse (D. Nicoll and Co.), 6, Fell-Street, Wood-street,
aoenonn
THE public are CAUTIONED acainst IMITA¬
TIONS of the NEW VELLUM WOVE CLUB-HOUSE NOTE.
This paper has been manufactured to meet the universally experienced
want &c., a paper which shall in itself combine a perfectly smooth
surface with total freedom from grease. It is made from the best linen
rags only, possesses great tenacity and durability, and is equally well
anapted for quill or steel pen. Sample packet post free for 18 stamps¬
(Signed) PARTRIDGE and COOPER, Sole Manufacturers
  Vendors, 192, Fleet-street, E.C.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON,
bears the label used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby."
CAUTION.—VOIGTLANDER'S OPERA and
RACE GLASSES.—The public are hereby cautioned against
imitations. The genuine bear the following mscription on the slides:—
Callaghan, sule agent, 23a, New Bond-Street, corner of Conduit-st."
CAUTION.—JOSEPH GILLOTT's STEEL PENS.
—The public are respectfully cautioned that the genuine PENS
are stamped with the name in full, and that a fac-simile of J. G.'s sig¬
nature is appended to each box.
CAUTION. — Mr. LIPSCOMBES CHARCOAL
FILTERS are the only ones that remove lead, lime, and sewage
from water, and that are self-cleaning. Prospectus irce. —Temple-bar,
ondon. Last Patent, Jun. 6, 1869.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHERS QUEEN'S READ¬
ING and MICKOSCOPE LAMPS, as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family.—The public are CAUTIONED against
inferior imitations. M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-street, being
the sole inventor and manufacturer of these celebrated lamps. Draw¬

s free. No agents.

CAUTION.—Our New Price Lists are obtainable,
free by post for two stamps.—The RAW HIDE GIRTHS, as
used in the Cape, Australia, and the back woods of America, &c., are
solely made in this country by us; likewise the extra-heavy all Fawn
Rugs, for use after clioping, so celebrated in former years, and at the
same prices.—A. DAVIS and Co., 1s, Strand, London.
CAUTION.—The Directors of the manufactory "La
Ferme," carrying on business in St. Petersburg, Moscow, Warsaw,
and Dresden, have discoveted that certain persons have, notwithstand¬
ing the protection of trade marks by Prussian lsw, astempted to bring
into the market an imitation, La FERME CIGARETTES, in
wrappers strikingly similar to those used by the original firm.
In order to protect the public from fraud, the Direetors make known
the following points by which the two wrappers may be distinguished:
—On the wrappers which have been in use for 18 years at the manufac¬
tories, "La kerme," in St. P'etersburg, Moscow, Warsaw, and Dresden,
there is written above the Russian eagle "Recu, 1868," above the Paris
medal "Premier prix," and above the Chemnitz medal "Hors
concours." The inserig tion on both medals is perfectly legible be¬
sides, there is "palrique de Tabnes et Cigarettes." "La Ferme,"à St.
Petersburg; "Perss ue Nersiy," à Moscow; "Pont de Morech," à
Varsovie et a Dresde dans sa prapre maisen. On the other hand,
some of the imitations have also the Russian tatle and the prize
medals of both the Paris and the Chemmty exhibitions, andanove, tite
eagle "Fondi, 1867," and above the prize mefials, on which the mscrip¬
tion is not legible, there is "Premier qualite," and the following in¬
scription:—" Fabrique de cigarettes, et ne tabacs,""La Forme," vend
à St. Petersburg, à Moscon, à Ocressa, à Varsovie, a Dreale et à Berlit
dans propre maison.
The Directors ascertained also that certain connnercial travellers
have taken orders in the name of the original firm; they therefore give
notice that they never had, or ever intend to have, traveders, where¬
fore all such offers from travellers, to persuade persons to buy other
goods resembling those of the "La Ferme' manufactory, must be looked
upon as attempts to defrand. They would be very thankfal for any m¬
formation about such persons, in order to put an end to such wrongful

Beside the imitation above referred to there are two others one
called "La Terne," and the other "Lamberd." The public who wish
to be secured from such imitations are requested either to apply to the
firm "La Ferme," of Dresden, or to other well-known houses, who only
sell the genuine article (in London, Messrs. Adolph Frankau and Co.,
No. 72, Wood-street).
Dresden, June 30th, 1869.
REMOVAL.—The BUSINESS of BYFIELD and
Co., news agents, stationers, military booksellers, &c., carried on
r upwards of a century and a quarter at 21, Charing-cross, is now
REMOVED to Edward Stanford's, 6 and 7, Charing-cross, London,
S.W., by whom English, Foreign, and Colonial newspapers and maga¬
zines are forwarded to all parts of the world on the day of publication,
Lists gratis on upplication, or perpost ferone stamp.
BOLLAKYS PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES with secrecy and despatch in divorce
cases, &c., by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington-green.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, 2, Southampton¬
buildings, Holborn.—Mr. BENTLEY is now disengaged, and
ready to undertake inquiries of all kinds, especially for the Divorce
and other law courts. References to solicitors.
FIELD'S original PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.
—Mr. Field conducts inquiries, with diseretion, in divorce and
other matters.—No. 10, York-road, Lambeth. 20 years' experience
with the detective police.
THE MOST LAUGHABLE THING on EARTH.
A New Parlour Pastime, 50,000 Comical Transformations. Post
free for 14 stamps. Endless amusement for partics of two to 50.—
H. G. CLARKE and Co., 2, Garrick-street, Covent-garden.
THE ENCHANTED ALBUM; or, Magic Book.—
By simply blowing on the leaves of this enchanted volume it is
instantly filled with an endless variety of engravings, or is composed of
blank leaves at will. Post free, with full instructions, for 30 stamps.
—H. G. CLARKE and Co., 2, Garrick-street, Covent-garden.
THE MAGIC DONKEYS.—Roars of Laughter.—
These wonderful animals go through their extraordinary evolu¬
tions daily, at 2, Garick-street. The pair sent post free for 14 stamps.
—H. G. CLARKE and Co., 2, Garrick-street, Covent-garden.
THE CHAMELEON TOP. A fund of amusement
for all, the prettiest toy of the day. Price 3s. 6d. ; per post 4s. 2d.
CREMER, jun., 210, Regent-street, where every novelty may always
be procured. See the new Illustrated Albume.
