LITTLE SILLY.—Under cover to my agent.
SHOULD this MEET the EYE of Mrs. PA—R,
she is earnestly requested to COME to Mrs. Holmes, Albert-¬
place, Lee, immediately.
AUSTRALIA.—Ship Swiftsure.—Any PASSEN¬
GER who may have come home in November, 1860, is earnestly
requested to COMMUNICATE with Mrs. Holloway (who lived in Tas¬
mania and Victoria nine years), at 11, Cumberland-market, Regent's¬

SIXTY POUNDS REWARD.—To Picturedealers
a andnet
LLLS
tu 18 months since, THREE SMALL
WATER-COLOUR DRAWINGS, varnished to resemble oil paintings,
for which they might easily be mistaken, being copies, by Miss Chawner,
of Rome, of Correggio's Magdalene, Carlo Dolci's Madonna and Child,
and Murillo's Madonna and Child. They were in slight gilt frames,
but not glazed. Any one giving such information as will lead to the
recovery of the same if lost, or the conviction of the offender or offend¬
ers if stolen, shall receive a reward of £20 for each picture. Apply to
Messrs. Trollope and Sons, 15, Parliament-street, S. W.
LOST, probably in Cambridge-square, Hyde-park,
on Tuesday, November 12, a plain HAIR BRACELET, with a
plain gold snake's head fo r o
Whoever brings it to 8, Cambridge-¬
square, shall receive FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, in, or on getting out of, a cab, on Saturday,
November 16, between 8, Maddox-street, and 4, Heathcote-street,
between 5 and half-past 5 p.m., a GOLD CHAIN, with glass attached.
A REWARD of ONE POUND is offered to any one who will bring
the same to 8, Maddox-street, Regent-street. No further reward will
be offered.
LAW PAPERS. —LOST, on the 2d November, TWO
MORTGAGE-DEEDS, written on paper. Any person having
found, or giving information of the same to Mr. Powell, law stationer,
No. 54, Parliament-street, shall be REWARDED.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday,
the 9th of November, in the neighbourhood of Ludgate-hill, a
GOLD HUNTING WATCH, with crest and motto on the outside,
and on the inside case a full coat of arms, motto, "Dixi quod dixi."
Any one bringing it 26, Hatton-garden, shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—Book Lost.—LOST,
between the 31st of October and 4th November (supposed to have
been left in a railway carriage), a LAW DIARY for 1861. Whoever
has found the same and will forward it to Mr. Gee, publisher, Denbigh,
shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednes¬
day, November 20, near Sloane-street, a small ENGLISH BLACK
and TAN TERRIER. Had on a chain collar with "19, Delamere¬
street," engraved on it. Answers to the name of "Prince." Whoever
will bring the same to 19. Delamere-street, Upper Westbourne-terrace,
shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, in Stratford, Essex, on the 5th inst.,
CURLY COATED BLACK RETRIEVER DOG. Apply at 12,
coader-terrace, Leyton-road, Stratford, E.
FOUND, by a lady, a SAPPHIRE RING, at the
door of Waterloo-house, Cockspur-Street. It will be restored to
the owner on application to Halling, Pearce, and Stone, at the above
address, on paying the cost of advertising it.
DOG FOUND, on November 8, in the Crescent¬
grove, Clapham-common—a fox bitch. Whoever will call at
No. 3, Park-road, Clapham, near the post-office, and give a full descrip¬
tion, and pay the advertising and expenses, shall have the same given
up to him.
A FIVE-POUND NOTE FOUND, by the porter,
in the Grand Cigar Divan, Strand. The owner may have the
same upon description.
NOTICE is hereby given, that GHARLES BROM¬
LEY, late of the city of Bath, painter, and son of the late Mr.
John Bromley, of Corsham, Wilts, is INTERESTED in the ESTATE
of the said JOHN BROMLEY, and is requested to apply forthwith to
Charles Sargent, of Corsham, Wilts, executor of the said John Brom¬
ley.—Corsham, Nov. 9, 1861.
TWO BOYS WANTED—THOMAS and GEORGE
BROCK, who left their home about 12 years ago (Thomas now
aged 17 years, and George 15 years: it is not unlikely they are passing
under the assumed names of Healing, Louch, or Fergusson), on apply¬
ing by letter to Mr. Robert Raby, Bush Inn, Liverpool, one of the
executors, they will HEAR of SOMETHING to their ADVANTAGE.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD will be paid to
any person who can supply LEGAL EVIDENCE of the DEATH
of ANN BIRCH, formerly Ann Thomas, daughter of Nathaniel
Thomas, an Alderman of the city of London. She was married in
March, 1776, to Dr. John Birch, who was Surgeon to St. Thomas's
Hospital and to the Prince Regent, and who died in 1815. Mrs. Birch
was living in 1805, and is believed to have resided on the continent for
some years previous to her death. Apply to Mr. Archibald Murray,
No. 59, Chancer-lane, London, W.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £500 Reduced Three per Cent,
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of RICHARD CARTER,
of Romford, Essex, victualler, and which was transferred to the said
Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having re¬
mained unclaimed from the 10th October, 1851; Notice is hereby
given that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said
Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to the said
Richard Carter who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of One Dividend on the sum of
£4,598 9s. 3d. Consolidated 3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing
in the names of GEORGE WILLIAM NEWCOMF of Upper
Wimpole-street, Esq., deceased, and SAMUEL SEAWELL, of South¬
ampton-street, Esq., deceased, and which dividend was paid over to
the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in con¬
sequence of its having remained unclaimed since the 5th January,
1833; Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Dividend will be paid to Charles Yorke Sea¬
well, Rev. Henry Walter Seawell, the acting executors of Charles Sea¬
well, deceased, who was the sole Executor of the said Samuel Sea¬
well, deceased, who was the survivor, who have claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim

IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—
To James Elliot, formerly of Long Ashton, in the county of Somer¬
but whose present residence is unknown.—Take notice, that a
CITATION has issued, under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate,
dated the 18th day of November, 1861, at the instance of William
Dingle Chowne, of 8, Connaught-place west, Hyde-park, in the
county of Middlesex, Esq., doctor of medicine, one of the executors
of the will of Elizabeth Chowne, deceased, and also one of the
executors of the will of Mary Dinglo, deceased, who was, whilst
living, the sole executrix of the will of Jemima Dingle, de¬
ceased, and which said Elizabeth Chowne, Mary Dingle, and
Jomima Dingle, were respectively legatees in and entitled to a sum
of £1,000 £3 per Cent Reduced Annuities upon the decease of John
Dingle and Elizabeth Dingle, under the will of Susannah Dingle, late
of Topsham, in the county of Devon, spinster, deceased, against
you the said JAMES ELLIOT, as the natural and lawful and only
child, and the only person entitled to the undisposed of residuary person¬
al estate and effects of James Elliot, late of Coombinteignhead, in the
county of Devon, a widower, deceased, citing you, within 30 days after
service thereof, to cause an appearance to be entered for you in the said
Court, and to accept or refuse letters of administration, with the will an¬
nexed, of the personalestate and effects of the said James Elliot, deceased,
or show cause why letters of administation of the said personal estate
and effects, limited to all the right, title, and interest of him, the said
deceased in and to the said sum of £1,000 £3 per Cent. Reduced An¬
nuities, and the interest and dividends now due or hereafter to be¬
come due thereon, should not be granted to the said William Dingle
Chowne, with an intimation that, in default of your appearing, accept¬
ing, and extracting the said letters of administration, with the will
annexed, the Judge of the said Court, or the Registrars of the Princi¬
pal Registry thereof, will proceed to grant letters of administration
of the personal estate and effects of the said James Elliot, deceased,
under the limitations aforesaid, or under such other limitations as to the
said Judge or Registrars may seem meet, to the said William Dingle
Chowne.
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
TREHERN and WHITE, 13, Barge-yard-chambers, Bucklersbury,
London, Solicitors for the se
d William Dingle Chowne.
CAUTION.—Sponsalia House.—Mr. Clarkington's
Photographic Establishment, 246 and 248, Regent-street.—All
PERSONS who may be INDEBTED to Mr. CLARKINGTON are
CAUTIONED against paying their accounts to any one not producing
a written authority to receive the same, as no receipts will be acknow¬
ledged unless signed by a person duly authorized to receive the amount

DENT's CHRONOMETERS, Watches, and Clocks.
—Caution.—Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery, on the 11th
of July, 1861, granted a perpetual INJUNCTION, restraining Henry
William Turpin, George Hathaway Turpin, and Adolphe Mosenthal
respectively, from manufacturing any watches marked with the name
of Dent, and from selling or exporting, or causing to be sold or ex¬
ported for sale, any watches made and marked with the name of Dent
by them or by their order or direction. Manufacturers and others
are hereby cautioned against using the name or trade mark of Dent.
TUCKER and NEW, Solicitors to M. F. Dent, 33 and 34, Cock¬
-steet, Charing-cross, London.
UBITT, Mayor.
COMMON COUNCIL, holden in the Chamber of
the Guildhall of the City of London, on Thursday, the 21st day
of November, 1861,
Resolved unanimously, That the thanks of this Court be presented
to the Right Hon. William Cubitt, Lord Mayor of this city, for the
dignity, fidelity, and indefatigable zeal with which he has discharged
the arduons and important duties of that high office during the past
year; for the judgment, fairness, and humanity which he has displaved
in the punctual performance of his magisterial duties, whereby he has
given universal satisfaction to the mercantile and all other classes of
his fellow citizens who have sought justice at the civic tribunals; for
his munificent support of the various charitable institutions of this
city; and for originating the fund for relieving the famine in India,
from which fund relief was so speedily and bountifully sent to the suf¬
fering populations of India and many lives were saved; for the splendid
hospitalily which he has so signally displayed; for the readiness with
which he has convened Courts of Common Council, and for the ability
and strict impartiality with which he has presided over their delibera¬
tions; for the urbanity of manner and easiness of access for which he
has so uniformly been distinguished; and the devotion he has ever
manifested in support of the rights, privileges, and interests of his

WOODTHORPE.
METROPOLITAN FREE DRINKING FOUN¬
TAINS ASSOCIATION, 11, Waterloo-place, S.W.—The Chair¬
an and Treasurer beg to ACKNOWLEDGE the following DONA¬
TIONS in Aid of the Funds of the Association, viz.:

By a Lady.
Mr. F....£50 0 0	The Hon. Baron Wild..£5
10 10 0	Alex. Angus Croll, Esq.
British Collego of
Earl of Harrington

5 5 0Arthur Wm. Jaffray, Esq.
Sir Chas. Eastlake2 2 0 E. H. M.
The Right Hon. Justice
Rev. Newman Hall
Keating
10 0 0
Further Donations and Subscriptions are most earnestly re
for erecting more drinking fountains in the
on.
districts of London.
SAMUEL GURNEY, M.P., Chairm.
THE NATIONAL HALL ASSOCIATION

Musical Director and Conductor—Mr. ALFRED MELLON,
Capital £20,000, in 4,000 shares of £5.
The object of this Association is to erect a Temporary Hall, and to
give a series of 12 or more grand concerts between May and October,
1862, on the most attractive possible scale.
A piece of ground has been secured immediately adjacent to the
International Exhibition Building, at Kensingtor
The Hall will cover an area of 22,500 feet, will be circular in form,
and will be erected at a cost of about £15,000, including internal fit¬
tings and rent of site for the year.
The building will afford accommodation for an audience of 10,000
persons, besides an orchestra, capable of holding from 1,000 to 1,200
performers, there will also be refreshment rooms, cloak rooms, &c.
The musical performances will be under the direction of Mr. Alfred
Mellon, and the object of the Association being that music, as one of
the fine arts, shall be brought before the public, concurrently with the
International Exhibition, the services of the greatest musical artistes of
the day, both vocal and instrumental, will be secured.
The promoters of the Association anticipate from calculations made
rom previous results of large festival performances, and also from the
Hall being engaged by other musical societies, that the efforts of the
Association will be successful, and that the shareholders will reap a
large profit.
A considerable part of the capital has already been subscribed, and
gentlemen desirous of promoting the objects of the Assoclation are re¬
quested to send their names and addresses to Edward L. Paraire, Esq.,
the Secretary pro tem., at the temporary offices of the Association, at
No. 442, Oxford-street, W. C., where a plan of the contemplated build¬
ing may be seen.
MR. HENRY JOHN LINCOLN bees to announce
the he will shortly DELIVER (in London) TWO LECTURES
on the "Operatic Overture," illustrated by specimens from its origin
to the present time.
BRYANSTON-HALL, Orchard-street, Portman¬
square.—A LECTURE will be delivered on HALF-A-CROWN.
with Pictorial Illustrations, by the Rev. HENRY CHRISTMAS,
M.A., F.R.S., on Wednesday, November 27th, 1861. To commence at
half-past 8 o'clock. Admission 1s. Tickets may be obtained at 29,
Orchard-street, and at the Hall on the evening of the lecture.
POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTION.—The Inter¬

1862 on the Disc.—Splendid SECOND
SERIES of PHOTOGRAPHS from Messrs. Birnstingl, the photo¬
graphers appointed by Her Majesty's Commissioners, illustrating the
progress of this wonderful building, daily at a 1 past 4 and 3 past?
POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTION.—Last Two
Weeks—The ART of BALANCING, explaining the principles
on which Blondin and Leotard perform their wonderful feate.—J. H.
PEPPER, Esq., will deliver a LECTURE on this subject, daily, at 3
and half-past 7, illustrated with curious models, dissolving diagrams,
pictures, and photographs. N.B. John Suell, waterman, of Hampton,
will illustrato the rope feats.
