C. A.—Are you "ever the same", and may I direct as

W.B. C.—RETURN HOME, or write as soon as
E.
possible. All is settled.—E. E. F.
NATIONAL PROVINCIAL BANKofENGLAND
s—E.St F., Stone, Kent.—Part of amount forgotten by accident;
will be placed if reply to this appears in The Times during September.
LOST, in St. James's-street, or the vicinity between
12 and 1 a.m., on Sunday morning, Sept. 1st, a LETTER, of no
value to any one except the owner Whoever brings the same to 56,
Jermyn-street.
shal
 liberally REWARDED.
LEFT, in the 5 p.m. express from Brighton, on Satur¬
day last, a small BLACK LEATHER BAG, containing a writing
case, and other papers. A REWARD of ONE POUND will be given
upon the same being returned to D. W., 40, Liverpool-street, King's¬
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on Friday
evening, in Piccadilly, opposite Down-Street, a GRAY SKYE
TERRIER. Apply at Miland's library, Chapel-street, Belgrave-square,
between the hours of 9  a e
NATCH LOST (FIFTEEN POUNDS RE¬
WARD) on Friday night, in Holborn. Shamrock and "Erin
go Bragh," outside ; inscription and name of owner inside. £15 will be
paid to any one delivering the same to the makers, Cozens, Matthews,
and Thorpe, 10, Bunhill-row Finsbury,
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 22d
ult., on the Dover Racecourse, or between the Racecourse and
Dover, a GOLD LOCKET, with monogram and crest in blue enamel
(portrait of a lady inside). Whoever will bring the same to Mr. H.
Elt's, 66, Snargate-street, Dover, or to St. James's Hotel, Piccadilly,
London, shall receive the above reward.
IF Mr. STONE does NOT TAKE AWAY the
BLACK MARE, left at the Dun Horse stables, High-street,
Borough, on or before Saturday next, September 7th, it will be SOLD
to defray expenses.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £38 8s., Consolidated £3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of SOPHIA WAL¬
KINSHAW, widow, JOHN HAVENHAND, edge tool-maker, and
ANTHONY BARTON, grocer, all of Coal Ashton, Dronfield, Derby¬
shire, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in conse¬
quence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the
5th July, 1856;—Notice is, hereby given, that, on the expiration of
three months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid, to Sophia Walkinshaw, widow, and Anthony
Barton, the survivors, who have claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thes
eto.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Stock.—In pur¬
suance of an Order of the Court of Chancery, dated the 12th
July, 1867, and made in the matter of the Act 56th Geo. III., cap. 60,
and in the matter of the trusts of the will of George Clavering, de¬
ceased, the officers of the Bank of England are directed to retransfer
from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt the
sum of £43 14s. 8d. New £3 per Cent. Annuities, substituted 5th July,
1822, for £41 13s. 1d. Navy £5 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing
in the names of HENRY
ELLISON, deceased, Hepburn, Durham.
Esq., Rev. NATHANIEL ELLISON, deceased, Newcastle-upon-Tyne,
and CHARLES WREN, of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, gentleman, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of
the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July,
1801;—Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid, to Peregrine George Ellison and John Claver¬
ng, the persons named in the said order, unless some other claimant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—In pur¬
suance of an Order of the Court of Chancery, dated the 12th
July, 1867, and made in the matter of the Act 56th Geo. III., cap. 60,
and in the matter of the trusts of the will of George Clavering,
deceased, the officers of the Bank of England are directed to re-trans¬
fer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt
the sum of £633 7s. 4d. New £3 per Cent. Annuities, substituted 5th
July, 1822, for £603 4s. 2d. Navy £5 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore
standing in the names of Rev. NATHANIEL ELLISON, deceased, and
CHARLES WREN, Esq., both of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and which
was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the
dividends thereon having remained (unclaimed since the 5th January,
1799; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid to Peregrine George Ellison and John Clavering, the
persons named in the said order, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
PERSONS of the NAMES of MORSE, Prior, Par¬
giter, Ranelagh, Rogers, Rothery, Surtees, Sweetapple, Tash,
Tyrrel, Turnour, Tyson. Wedgwood and Weldon are hereby informed,
that some valuable INFORMATION, which may be very much to
their advantage, is now published in the 17th number of RESEARCHES
respecting FAMILY HISTORY, Unclaimed Property and Estates in
Abevance. Price 5s., or sent free for 62 postage stamps. Address
J. H. FENNELL, 49, Millbank-street, near the Houses of Parlament
CAUTION.—I, the undersigned, hereby give notice
that all persons detected selling any imitation of my EAU de
COLOGNE will be proceeded against by law. All purchasers should
note that the label on the bottle is that of Johann Maria Farina,
Julichs Platz, No. 4. My sole agents for Great Britain and Ireland
are Wm. Fickus, jun., and Co., 23, Mark-lane, London.
JOHANN MARIA FARINA. Julichs Platz, No. 4, Cologne.
NOTICE.—HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co.
(Limited).—Owing to numerous letters miscarrying through being
inaccurately addressed, all letters should be addressed Hancock, Bur¬
brook, and Co., Limited (now Edwin W. Streeter), 37, Conduit-street,
New Bond-street.
NOTICE.—Hancock, Burbrook, and Co. (Limited).
—In consequence of advertisements continually appearing in
newspapers, railway stations, covers of periodicals, &c., under the above
title, the public are hereby informed that Messrs. HANCOCK and
BURBROOK have nothing whatever to do with the concern, notwith¬
standing their names are being used by the present proprietor. All
letters to Mr. R. Burbrook to be addressed 3, St. James's-street, S.W.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—The Society of Arts having
awarded their silver medal and prize of 20 guineas to Messrs.
PARKINS and GOTTO, of 25, Oxford-street, for their 2s. WRITING¬
CASE (of which 500,000 have been sold), for its utility, durability, and
cheapness, the public are hereby CAUTIONED against various imita¬
tions of the same, none being genuine unless stamped "Parkins and
Gotto," with a crown above. The Postmaster-General permits this
particular case to pass through the post for four stamp
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES instituted with secresy and despatch
dlivorce, and other cases, by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington-green.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, 2, Southampton-¬
buildings, Holborn. — Mr. BENTLEY (late Sheriff's officer), having
had 20 years' experience, undertakes inquiries of all kinds requiring
ecreey and despatch, especially for the Divorce Con.

PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—THOMAS
BALCHIN, 21 years city detective officer, is prepared to under¬
take private, confidential, and important inquiries with secresy and
despatch. Terms reasonable.—Offices, 58, London-wall.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE-OFFICE (established
1857), 35, Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons.—Private confidential,
and important Inquiries, conducted by JNO. LEWIS, 17 years an
officer in the city of London Police.
MADAME TUSSAUD's EXHIBITION.—A
PORTRAIT MODEL of H. I. M. the SULTAN is now added;
all the Kings and Queens of England, in gorgeous costumes; the
Crowned Heads of Europe; American Celebrities; Napoleon Relics;
Chamber of Horrors. Admission 1s.; children under ten, 6d. Extra
rooms 6d. Open from 11 a.m. till 10 p.m.
ELIJAH WALTON's ALPINE and EGYPTIAN
DRAWINGS and PAINTINGS (about 140 subjects) ON VIEW
at the Pall-mall Gallery, 48, Pall-mall. Admission 1s. Catalogue,
with an illustration in chromo-lithography 6d. From 10 to 5.
WATER-COLOUR DRAWINGS.—A choice
selection of high class WATER-COLOUR DRAWINGS
always ON VIEW at T. McLEaN's, 7, Haymarket, next the Theatre.

MR. MORBY's COLLECTION of PICTURES,
24, Cornhill:—Hooke, R.A.; T. Faed, R.A.; Frith, R.A.; John
Phillip, R.A.; Leslie, R.A.; F. Goodall, R.A.: Lewis, R.A.; Nicol,
A.R.A.; Dobson, A.R.A.; Birket Foster, Peter Graham, Orchardson.
THE EXTRAORDINARY ART-UNION.—
Every subscriber to receive, for each guinea paid, seven large
pictures (28 by 18, on mounts 38 by 28), in size and quality equal to
those sold at £3 3s., or £22 1s. for a set of seven such as now an¬
nounced for one guinea, executed in the finest style of chromo-litho¬
graphy.
Prospectuses of W. J. Day, 20, Cockspur-Street, S.W. Specimens on
THE late Professor FARADAY.—PHOTOGRA¬
PHIC PORTRAITS of the late Dr. FARADAY, half-a-crown,
postage four stamps. Cartes de visite, 1s.: free by post for 13 stamps.
—McLEAN and Co., photographers 7. Haymarket, S.
COPIES of PORTRAITS. —Send carte and stamps
where all the largest trade orders are executed The original and
12 perfect copies returned for 2s. 8d.—CITY PHOTO COMPANY, 2,
—
FIFTEEN CARTES de VISITE for 2s. 6d., six
for 1s. 6d.—Send carte and stamps to the LONDON and PRO¬
VINCIAL PHOTO COMPANY, 443, Strand, opposite Charing-cross
Station. Portraits from life 7s. 6d. per dozen; colouring 6d.
SIX CARTES de VISITE for 1s. 8d.; 12, 2s. 8d.;
carte enlarged to 10 by eight inches, 7s. 6d. ; eight by six inches,
5s. 6d. ; cabinet. 2s. 6d. Send carte with stamps, perfect copies and
original returned free. London Photographic Company, 304, Regent¬
street, opposite the Polytechnic. —L. PHILLIPS, Manager.
RODRIGUES' CARTE de VISITE ALBUMS, of
the best make, in handsome antique morocco and russia bindings;
also in or-moulu, walnut, and coromandel, of new and elegant designs.
Albums for monograms, crests, and postage stamps. Albums of every
description made to order.—At Henry Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly.
PARKINS and GOTTO's PORTRAIT ALBUMS,
Dressing-cases, Dressing-bags, Writing-cases, Stationery-cases,
Portmanteaus, Travelling-bags, Trunks, Despatch-boxes, and other
articles of English manufacture are of the very best quality, and con¬
siderably below the usual west-end prices. Illustrated catalogue post
free.—Parkins and Gotto's fancy goods warehouse, 24, 25, 27, and 28,
Oxford-st., W.—N.B. Nine large show rooms for presents of all kinds.
NOTICE.—"The Chromolithograph" and Water¬
Colour Painting.—On view shortly the Landscapes in Water¬
Colours, by Mr. Aaron Penley, Senior Professor of Drawing and Paint¬
ing at the Royal Military College, Addiscombe, Member of the New
Society of Painters in Water-colours, and Author of "The E.
lish
School of Painting in Water-Colours, its Theory and Practice" who
will contribute to the new journal, the CHROMOLITHOGRAPH,
every fourth week, a full-page water colour drawing of landscape scenery
together with a descriptive lesson and the same accomplished artist
and distinguished teacher will contribute each intermediate fortnight
an Article, which will ultimately form a continuous elucidation of the
whole art and mystery of painting in water colours. Full prospec¬
tuses of the journal, which will contain three full-page chromolitho¬
graphs weekly, price sixpence, may be had on application to W. J.
Day, 20, Cockspur-Street, London, S.
NOTICE.—"The Chromolithograph" and Figure
Painting.—On view shortly, the Figure Drawings in Water¬
Colour, by Mr. Frederick Smallfield, whose talent as an artist and
pre-eminence as a teacher in this branch of art are so well known, and
who has undertaken to supply a full-page coloured study and a descrip¬
tive lesson, once a month, to the pages of the new journal, the CHRO¬
MOLITHOGRAPH. Full prospectuses of the journal, which will con¬
tain three full-page chromolithographs weekly, price sixpence, may be
had on application to W
J. Day, 20, Cockspur-Street, London, S.W
NOTICE.—"The Chromolithograph" and Flower
and Fruit Painting.—On view shortly the Oil Pictures by Mr. T.
Gronland, who is acknowledged, by our most renowned painters, to be
the very best artist for the purpose, and who has undertaken to con¬
tribute, once a month, to the pages of the new journal the CHROMO¬
LITHOGRAPH, a full-page coloured study, and descriptive lesson for
executing the same in both oil and water colour; and who promises to
give, successively, the most prominent specimens to be obtained by fol¬
lowing the natural productions of the seasons; thus, enabling students
not only to copy accurate representations of nature by an accomplished
artist, but also at once to appeal back to nature herself for further in¬
spiration. Full prospectus of the journal, which will contain three
full-page chromolithographs, weekly for 6d., may be had on applica¬
tion to W. J. Day, 20, Cockspur-street, London, S.W.
NOTICE.—The "Chromolithograph" and Wood
Carving, and the various studies in connexion with that art.—On
view shortly specimens of the illustrations by Mr. George Alfred
Rogers, artist in wood to the Queen, professor of wood carving at the
Crystal Palace School of Art, and author of several works on the sub¬
ject, who has undertaken to contribute to the pages of the new journal
the CHROMOLITHOGRAPH, an illustrated paper once a month,
treating of fretwork, Carved Fretwork, and the more advanced study;
and ample materials, for study and execution, will be supplied to oc¬
cupy the amateur during the monthly intervals. Full prospectus of the
journal which will contain three full-page chromolithographs weekly,
for 6d. May be had on application to W. J. Day, 20, Cockspur-street,

NOTICE.—"The Chromolithograph" and Illumina¬
tion.—On view shortly, Illuminations by Messrs. W. and G.
Audsley, of Liverpool, whose magnificently illuminated works, pub¬
lished under Mr. W. Day's direction, have gained such world-wide
fame, and who have undertaken to contribute in the pages of the new
journal, the CHROMOLITHOGRAPH, once a month, a full-page
illustration and accompanying text, and who will do all that can be
done to make every student of their articles and illustrations equally
as well informed and accomplished in execution as they themselves
are acknowledged to be. Full prospectus of the journal, which will
contain three full-page chromolithographs weekly, for 6d., may be had
on application to W. J. Day, 20, Cockspur-Street, London, S.W.
NOTICE.—"The Chromolithograph" and the Deco¬
rative Arts.—On view shortly, the coloured photographs of
objects which Mr. Dresser has selected from the Paris Exhibition to
form full-page illustrations, every week, in the pages of the new
journal the CHROMOLITHOGRAPH, with descriptive text. Full
prospectuses of the journal, which will contain three-full-page chromo¬
lithographs weekly, for 6d., may be had on application to W. J. Day
No. 20, Cockspur-Street, London, S.W.
