RECEIVED, £5.—J. C.

THIERRY.—LETTERS AWAIT YOU, at
Mr. G. Street's, 30, Cornhill, London, E.C.
MARRY.—Will HARRY, who met Charlie and
Con, in Kensington-gardens, 18th July, WRITE to C. C.,
post office, Kentish-town, N.W. Charlie anxiously waits an inter¬

IF WILLIAM CAMPBELL LEOMARIN, Esq., or
his agents, will WRITE to Omega, Clarendon library, Notting-hill,
W., they will HEAR of SOMETHING to their ADVANTAGE.
EWIS COHEN, who left Caleutta in or about the
year 1828, and afterwards resided in Liverpoel, or (if dead) his
representative, is requested to COMMUNICATE immediately with
the undersigned.—G. S. and H. Brandon, solicitors, 15, Essex-street,
Strand, London.
MR. WILLIAM DAVIS, who wrote from Sydney
in September, 1862, to a friend in Mincing-lane, London, asking
the address of his family, is earnestly entreated to WRITE to his
mother and sister, 2, St. George's-terrace, Great Yarmouth, Norfolk.
Several letters have been sent to him, as he requested, to the care of
Mr. Holman, White Horse Tavern, George-street, Sydney, but no
answer has been received.
IN the Matter of the WILL of JOHN BLUNT,
late of Brafield-on-the-Green, Northampton, yeoman, deceased.—
If HARRIET BLUNT, the daughter of the said John Blunt, be now
living she is requested to make immediate APPLICATION to Messrs.
Howes, solicitors, Northampton; or to Mr. Joseph Olive, solicitor, 47a,
Portsmouth-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, London, when she will hear of
something to her advantage under the said will. —July 22d, 1864.
QUEEN ADELAIDE's DISPENSARY, Bethnal¬
green.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEPT of £200 from the Fund placed at the disposal of R. W.
Crawford, Esq., M.P., by the Honourable Rustomjee Jamsetjce
Jejeebhoy. —July 21, 1864.
THOMAS PECKSTON, Hon. Sec.
GEORGE RACINE
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT his HOME, on
the 1st of March, 1864, JAMES HENRY WITHERS, formerly of
the Castle Hotel, Portland, and after that of Weymouth, and also well¬
known in the neighbourhood of Ealing, Hanwell, and Brentford,
Middlesex. Any one giving information of his whereabouts to the
Superintendent of Police, at Weymouth or Hanwell, shall receive the
above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at the Crystal
Palace, Saturday, July 16, a GOLD BRACELET, with a horse¬
shoe of turquoises and and small brillants. The above reward will
be given to any person bringing the same to Mrs. Rimer, 43, Sloane¬

LOST, on Tuesday last, crossing Endell-street,
Bloomsbury, a DIAMOND RING. A suitable REWARD will
be paid if left with Captain Stuart Fairfax, 6, Duchess-street, Port¬
land-place, W.
LOST, in the neighbourhood of Park-stet, Camden¬
town, on Thursday, 21st inst., a GOLD CHAIN, with Locket,
is, &c., attached. E. M. on locket. The finder will be amply
REWARDED. Apply to the Police-office, Kentish-town-road.
LOST, from 75, Victoria-street, S.W., a large
BLACK, half-bred RETRIEVER DOG, marked on the face
with tan, round tan spot over each eye, tan paws, lightly tipped with
white, little white on chest. Answers to the name of "Nero." TWO
GUINEAS REWARD will be paid to any one bringing him to the
above address. No further reward will be offered.
LEFT, in a four-wheeled CAB, which took up at
14, Hanover-street, Hanover-square, and set down at the box
entrance, Italian Opera, Covent-garden, on Saturday evening, the 16th,
about 8 p.m., a PAIR of WHITE IVORY OPERA-GLASSES, in
dark leather case lined with red satin. Whoever will bring them to the
above address shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. Makers
names in case, Negretti and Zambra.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in Rotten¬
row or Constitution-hill, on Thursday, the 21st inst., a SMALL
GOLD CHAIN, with a key and pencil-case, and a small horseshoe
attached to it. Whoever will bring the same to 11, St. James's-place,
shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday
evening, the 8th July, between Cavendish-square, Albert-gate,
and Belgrave-square, a GOLD BRACELET. Whoever has found the
same and will bring it to Messrs. Lambert, jewellers and silversmiths,
No. 12, Coventry-street, Haymarket, shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, near Forest-hill Station, on the 16th inst.,
 PURSE, which can be had on describing it and stating contents
to N. B., 15, Cornhil ,
FOUND, at Pimlico, about a fortnight ago, a GOLD
WATCH and CHAIN. Send description, post paid, to W.C.S.,
—
FOUND, in Rotten-row, on the morning of the 20th
inst., a BROOCH. Apply, by letter, giving description, to K. P.,
Calder's, Bathurst-street, Hyde-park.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £49 17s. 4d. New Consslidated £3 per
Sent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of CHARLES
WILLIAM BARNARD, of the General Post-office, Esq., and which
was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the divi¬
dends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1854;—
Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon
paid, to the said Charles William Barnard, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
IN the Matter of a PATENT granted to PETER
KERR, of Paisley, in the county of Renirew, North Britain, ma¬
nufacturer, for the invention of "Improvements in preparing and
finishing threads or yarns," bearing date the 2d day of October, 1857
(No. 2,531).—Notice is hereby given, that the patentee of the said
letters patent has applied by PETITION to Her Majesty's Commis¬
sioners of Patents for Inventions for leave to FILE a DISCLAIMER
and MEMORANDUM of ALTERATION of certain parts of the said
specification to the said letters patent, and any person intending to
oppose such application must leave notice thereof at the office of the
Attorney-General, No. 11, New-square, Lincoln's-inn, within 10 days
from the date hereof. —Dated this 21st day of July, 1864.
WILLIAM CARPMAEL, Agent for the Petitioner,
No. 24, Southampton-buildings, Chancer-lane.
NOTICE is hereby given, that I, the undersigned
Thomas Jervis-Edwards, of Trematon-hall, by Saltash, in the
county of Cornwall, Esq., heretofore known by the name of Thomas
Edwards, late a cornet in Her Majesty's Fourth or Royal Irish
Dragoon Guards, have ASSUMED the SURNAME of JERVIS, in
addition to and immediately before that of Edwards, and that I shall
at all times hereafter, in all deeds and writings, and in all dealings and
transactions, and upon all occasions whatsoever and wheresoever, use
and subscribe, and be called, known, and distinguished by the said
surname of Jervis, in addition to and immediately before that of
Edwards; and I hereby further give notice that I intend forthwith to
execute a deed poll, under my hand and seal, declaring such my as¬
sumption of the said surname of Jervis, to be hereafter used and sub¬
scribed by me in manner aforesaid, and also to cause the said deed,
when so executed, to be duly enrolled in Her Majesty's High Court of
Chancery for legally establishing the same.—Dated this 18th day of
July, 1864.
THOS. JERVIS-EDWARDS.
Witness to the signature of the said Thomas Jervis-Edwards,
Nugent Wade, Rectory,
oho-square, London.
MIDDLE S EX.—MUSIC or DANCING
LICENSES.—Notice is hereby given, that all persons intending
to apply for the grant or renewal of any license for music or dancing,
under the statute 25th Geo. II., c. 36 (except in the case of a transfer of
any license as hereinafter mentioned), must, two months at the
least before Monday, the 3d day of October, which will be the com¬
mencement of the next Michaelmas Quarter Session, cause a notice
in the undermentioned form to be affixed upon the outer door, or
other conspicuous part of the premises sought to be licensed, and upon
the outer door of the Police Station, or other place of confinement in
the parish in which such premises shall be situate, and must also serve
copies of such last-mentioned notice upon the Churchwardens and
Overseers of the parish in question, and also upon the Clerk to the
Vestry, or Guardians of the union or parish in which the house is
situate, with the view to such notice being affixed in the entrance-hall
or some conspicuous part of the building in which the meetings of
such Vestry or Guardians are held, two months before the commence¬
ment of the said sessions; and must also give two months' notice at
least before the said 3d day of October next to me, at the Sessions'-¬
house, Clerkenwell, and to the Clerk of the Petty Sessions of the divi¬
sion wherein the premises are situate of their intended application.
In every case when any person having a music or dancing license shall
transfer his premises to any other person, such incoming tenant shall
give one month instead of two months' notice as above required.

I
of — do hereby give notice, that I intend to apply
under the provisions of the statute 25 Geo. II., c. 36, at the next
Michaelmas Quarter Sessions for the county of Middlesex, to be holden
at Clerkenwell on the 6th day of October, 1864, for a license for (here
insert the particular sort or sorts of public entertainment for which
the license is required), to be carried on within the house or premises,
situate at —, or known by the name of (as the case may bel, and
now in the occupation of me the subscriber hereto.
And notice is also given, that every person presenting any petition
against the grant or renewal of any license must leave with me, at the
Sessions'-house, Clerkenwell, 14 clear days before the said 3d day of
October, a copy of such counter-petition, for the inspection of the party
applying for such grant or renewal.
And that every applicant for a license is required to attend the
Court personally, on the said 6th day of October, which will be the day
for granting licenses, unless a reason satisfactory to the Court shall be
assigned for his absence,
The Court will not in future insert in licenses to be granted under
the said Act the words, "or other public entertainment of the like
kind," but will in all cases specify the particular entertainment which
may be given.
Counter petitions must now be lodged 14 instead of 10 clear days
before the 3d day of October next, and all notices are now to be given
two months at the least, instead of 21 days before that date, except in
cases of transfer, when one month's notice only is required.
C. HEATON ELLIS, Clerk of the Peace.
Sessions'-house, Clerkenwell, July, 1864.
CAUTION.—Fox's Frames for Umbrellas and Para¬
sols.—SAMUEL FOXand Co., patentees and sole manufacturers
of the PARAGON FRAME, and manufacturers of frames made of
solid steel wire for UMBRELLAS and PARASOLS, beg to invite
notice to their label, which should be placed inside each umbrella and
parasol, and to caution dealers and the public against imitations of
their patent pebble tips. These imitations, which are brittle, and
easily defaced, are being used by other persons to cause inferior frames
to resemble those manufactured by S. Fox and Co., by which a small
extra profit may be made, at the expense of the durability of the
umbrella or parasol. S. Fox and Co.'s frames, made of solid wire, are
warranted not to lock together on opening the umbrella or parasol,
and, from the superior quality and temper of the steel, will not snap,
nor become bent in the use. They are charged 1d. per umbrella or
parasol more than the frames of other makers, S. Fox and Co.'s patent
pebble tips, being used only as a trade mark to denote their special
manufacture, are charged without profit. They are of extreme strength
and durability, and will last as long as the irames.—S. Fox and Co.,
Deepcar, near Sheffield, July 13
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz.:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
CAUTION.—G. W. WHEATLEY and Co. (formerly
Waghorn), established 28 years, overland parcel carriers and
general forwarding agents to all parts of the world, caution the public
against being misled by imitations of their advertisements, placards,
and tariffs.—Wheatley and Co.'s only offices in London are 150, Leaden¬
hall-Street; Chaplin's, Regent-circus, 150, Cheapside, and 23, Regent-st.
TO Messrs. WHEATLEY and Co.—In consideration
of your abstaining from taking proceedings to obtain an injune¬
tion against me, I undertake and agree forthwith to cease to issue the
circulars, both books and handbills, of which, you complain; and I
further undertake and agree to abstain in future from using any title
in imitation of the title used by you, and further to abstain from copy¬
ing, extracting, or imitating the circulars or advertisements issued by
you from time to time. —Dated 29th day of July, 1863.
(Signed)
WILLIAM R. SUTTON.
SPECIAL NOTICE.—Messrs. SUTTON and Co.,
General Shipping and Commission Agents, of 101, Leadenhall-¬
street, beg to give notice that the letter signed, on 29th July, 1863, by
W. R. Sutton, as proprietor of Mann's Parcel Despatch, and published
in The Times lately, has no relation whatever to their general shipping
and commission agency at 101, Leadenhall-street; and the letter, being
inserted in the same publication with a shipping advertisement from
another firm, tends to mislead the public and do us considerable

SUTTON and Co., 101, Leadenhall-street.
July 11, 1864.
THE GRAND HOTEL, Brighton, will be OPEN to
the public this day (Saturday), Julv 23, 1864
No. 36, Cannon-street, E.C.	H. A. LINFORD, Secretary.
DEATHS.
On the 21st inst., at the residence of his son-in-law, W. C. Venning,
Esq., Upper Clapton, in his 85th year, JAMES ESDAILE, Esq., of 24,
Upper Bedford-place, Russell-square.
On the 21st inst., at Bognor, after a long and severe illness, THoMAs
GARDNER, Esq., formerly of Stonehouse, aged 82.
On the 21st inst., in London, EVERSON HARRISSON, Esq., of Tole¬
thorpe Hall, county of Rutland, aged 68.
On the 21st inst., at St. Lawrence, Isle of Thanet, JANE WEST,
aged 68, second daughter of the late Robert West, of Longfield, Kent,
for 49 years the valued friend of the family of the late Rev. John
Boyle Thomson, of St. Lawrence, Isle of Thanet.
On Friday, the 22d inst., at the residence of her father, Mr. Willm,
Clarke, 2, Northumberland-row, Tottenham, of rapid consumption,
SUSANNAH WIGGINS, the beloved wife of Robert Wiggins, of Den¬
mark-hill, aged 30.
