—Silence? There is such a thing as shame.
LY. Z.—Arrived safely. WRITE.

N.—Remember the past, and think what my
suffering must be now. Affection exists as ever. Pray let me

LOST, on the 15th, from a Hansom, between 25,
Chapel-Street, Park-lane, and Shoreditch Station, a BLACK
HAND BAG, containing flask, &c., with owner's name. Finder shall
receive FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, a SECOND-CLASS ANNUAL TICKET,
of the London. Chatham, and Dover Railway, No. 135, from
Ludgate-hill to Wandsworth-road. Any one taking it to Mr. Charisley,
chymist, Manor-rise, Brixton-road, shall be REWARDED.

night, from the Adclaide-road, Carlo, a YOUNG MALTESE
iron stain on the haunch.
SERRIER, white, except a very slig
sesssemenass.
Adelaide, Chalk-farm-gate, shall receive the above reward
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, from a carriage




FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, between
treet, on Wednes¬
L
day morning last, a small PARCE, of LAW PAPERS, of no use
except to the owner. Apply at Morley's library, 27, Park-terrace,
Regent's-part.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c.—An
for
n1749 and 1865, 2s.,
Index to all pers
nost free 25 stamps.—HERBERT FRERES, 2, Marlborough-terrace,
Bridge-road, Battersea. Bank of England Unclaimed Dividends,
Treasury, Chancery, and all Foreign Stocks and Records Searched.
NEXT of KIN.—RELATIONS WANTED to
claim the property of persons who have died in Australia, India,
America, Canada, Great Britain, &c., between 1740 and 1865. Families
considering themselves entitled to any lost property can apply by letter,
free of charge, to RICHARDS and Co., Clarendon-chambers,
Holborn, W.C
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Ban
mers for the Reduction
e
of the National Debt of the sum of £50 New £3 per Cent. Annuities,
heretofore standing in the name of JOHN BISHOP, of Poplar-row,
New Kent-road, baker, and which was transferred to the said Commis¬
sioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained un¬
claimed since the 5th April, 1855;—Notice is hereby given, that on the
expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will be Trans¬
ferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to the said John Bishop, who
has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £36 6s. 11d., Consolidated Three
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of JAMES
LEMAN, of Lincoln's-inn-fields, Esq., and RICHARD RAMSBOT¬
TOM, of Brighton, Esq., and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed on and from the 5th January, 1853;—Notice is hereby given
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said stock
will be transferred, and the dividends thereon paid to the said James
Leman and Richard Ramsbottom, who have claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Dividends.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of £1,400

eseseese
Annuities, heretofore standing in the
name of JOHN WARREN PEARSE, of Salisbury-square, London,
Esq., deceased, and which dividend was paid over to the Commissioners
for the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of its having
rer
med unclaimed since the 5th of January, 1822;—Notice is hereby
given, that on the expiration of three months from this date, the
said Dividend will be paid to Robert Charles Thomas Pearse. William
John Pearse, and Rev. Beauchamp Kerr Warren Pearse, acting exe¬
cutors of Thomas Pearse, who was the surviving executor of the said
Jonn Warren Pearse, who have claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
FRIENDS wishing to pay the last tribute of respect
to the memory of General GEORGE KMETY (Ismail Pashal
do so by being present at Kensal-green Cemetery THIS DAY,
May 1st, at 1.30 p.m., at which hour the INTERMENT will take place.
—Bangham and Co., undertakers, 7, Stockbridge-terrace, Pimlico.
THE OFFICERS of the 62d REGT., will NOT be
RES PONSIBLE for the DEBTS incurred by Mr. H. BELLINGER,
who is about to mess them.
ST. GEORGE, HANOVER-SQUARE. —I, the
undersigned Auditor, give notice that I have fixed the AUDIT
of the ACCOUNTS relating to the poor-rate and the relief of the poor
of the parish of St. George, Hanover-square, in the county of Middle¬
sex, for the half-year ended the 25th March, 1865, to commence on
Saturday, the 20th of May, 1865, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the
Board room, in Mount-street, when and where all persons who by law
are bound to account at such audit are required to attend before me,
and to submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers containing or
relating to the said accounts, or to moneys assessed for, and applicable
to, the relief of the poor of the said parish. —Dated the 1st May, 1865.
(Signed) FRANCIS TOWERS STREETEN.
ST. PANCRAS, Middlesex.—I, the undersigned
Auditor, give notice that I have fixed the AUDIT of the
ACCOUNTS relating to the poor-rate and the relief of the poor of
the parish of St. Pancras, in the county of Middlesex, for the half¬
year ended the 25th March, 1865, to commence on Wednesday, the
10th of May, 1865, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Board-room of
the Workhouse, when and where all persons who by law are bound to
account at such audit are required to attend before me, and to submit
all books, documents, bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the
said accounts, or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief
of the poor of the said parish. —Dated the 1st of Mav. 1861
FRANCIS TOWERS STRETEEN.
(Signed)
NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP
which has for some time past been carried on by us Thomas
Rymer Bourne and Thomas James Rigby, under the firm
of "Bourne and Rigby," at Marston Forge, near Northwich, in the
county of Chester, in the trade or business of iron manufacturers and
iron merchants, was this day DISSOLVED by mutual consent.—As
witness our hands, this 20th day of April, 1865.
n
THOMAS JAMES RIGBY.
Signed by the said Thomas Rymer Bourne and Thomas James Rigby
in the presence of Christr. Cheshire, solicitor, Northwich.
IN the Matter of certain LETTERS PATENT granted
to JOSEPH BEATTIE, late of Lawn-place, South Lambeth, in the
county of Surrey, engineer, and now of South Bank, Surbiton, in the
said county of Surrey, bearing date the 22d day of October, in the year
of our Lord 1851, the title where
es altered by disclaime r  e e
to  for
Improvements in Locomotive Engines and other Carriages to be used
on nai
Notice is hereby given, that



the abovenamed
Seatie to presen
tph.
to.
petitio
er
 Council, praying Her Maje
Majest.
to
ahnt a PROLONGA¬
ION of the TERM of the abovementioned letters patent; and
ed

 NE
seeseo
Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council shall not sit on
that day then at the nex.
C.
tting of the said Jud
mittee, an
application will be made to the said Committee for a tin


ad petition and any person desirous
of being heard in opposition to the prayer of such petition must enter
a caveat to that effect in the Privy Council Office on or before the said
17th day of June next. —Dated this 20th day of April, 1865.
HARRISON, BEAL, and HARRISON, 19, Bedford-row,
Holborn, Middlesex, Solicitors for the said Petitioner,
MERCHANDISE MARKS' ACT, 1862.—
ROYAL MANUFACTORY of PORCELAIN, Meissen,
Dresden, Saxony.—Whereas, certain persons are in the habit of manu¬
facturing in, and of importing into, Great Britain and Ireland, and
there selling, dealing in, or exposing for sale goods bearing a trade
mark similar to or imitative of the trade mark of the Royal Manu¬
factory of Porcelain at Meissen, Dresden, Saxony, to the prejudice of
the said manufactory, by causing the deterioration of the genuine
articles by reason of the substitution in the market of others of in¬
ferior quality, and otherwise:—Notice is hereby given, that the Govern¬
ment of the Kingdom of Saxony has authorized the undersigned
William Oppenheim, of 75, Newman-Street, Oxford-street, in the county
of Middlesex, importer of china and porcelain, on behalf of the said
Government, to prosecute criminally, bring actions at law, or commence
proceedings in equity, against all or any persons or person who shall in.
any manner contravene the provisions of the Merchandise Marks' Act,
1862, 25 and 26 Vict., cap. 88, with respect to the trade mark of the
ie e r o ore,
WM. OPPENHEIM, wholesale importer of china and porcelain
ad
Royal Manufactory at Meiss
 Dresden, Saxony,
No. 75, Newman-Street, Oxford-street, London, W.
Witness—Algernon E. Sydney, solicitor, 46, Finsbury-circus,
ondon, E.C.
MYDROPULT.—Caution. — Devices in imitation of
the HYDROPULT are often placed "on sale" at many iron¬
mongery and seed establishments throughout the city and provinces,
and are calculated in appearance to deceive the unsuspecting. The
proprietor therefore issues this caution, and respectfully intimates that
parties wishing to purchase the hydropult should examine the machine
offered for sale, and see if it has attached thereto a label, with the fol¬
lowing words: "The Hydropult, Vose's Patent, manufactured only
by Griffiths and Browett, Birmingham. Charles Pomeroy Button,
proprietor 142 and 143, Cheapside, London." Unless this label is
attached the machine is not the hydropult. Hydropults weigh but 81b.,
and will throw seven or eight gallons of water per minute a distance of
50 feet when worked by the power of one man. Hydropults will draw
water horizontally, if necessary, through 300 feet of suction hose, and
force it through delivery hose to an altitude of 100 feet. Hydropults
have been ordered by the War Department as fire engines. Robert
Hogg, LL.D. and F.L.S., Shirley Hibberd, Esq., F.R.H.S., Thomas
Rivers, Esq., and other well-known gentlemen recommend the hydro¬
pult as an invaluable garden implement. Hydropults have been
recommended by the Field, Gardeners' Chronicle, Journal of Horti¬
culture, Gardeners' Magazine, Daily Telegraph, Liverpool Daily Post,
Commercial Daily List, Birmingham Journal, Mechanies' Magazine,
City Press, Insurance Gazette, and other first-class journals. An illu
trated prospectus, with testimonials, free on application to CHARLES
POMEROY BUTTON, 142 and 143, Cheapside, E.C.
WANTOPIED.—A NEW NAME for a NEW
INVENTION.
TROON COAL.—Messrs. ARCHD. FINNIE and
SON beg to intimate, with reference to the paragraph dated
Kurrachee, March 9, and which appeared in the Shipping and Mer¬
cantile Gazette, of the 5th inst., that the coals therein referred to per
Chipperra were not shipped by them, and that no case of spontaneous
ignition of their TROON COAL has ever occurred that they are aware
of.—Kilmarnock, April 7, 1865.
LENOIR's PATENT GAS-POWER ENGINE,
Prize Medal International Exhibition, 1862.—The Company is
tth
now publicly exhibit.
taie power daily, between the hours
of 11 and 1 and 3 and 5.—C. W. WOOD, Manager and Sec. (pro tem.),
No. 40, Cranbourne-street, Leicester-squa
CAUTION.—N. WHITEHOUSE optician, 2, Cran¬
bourn-street, Leices.
to e finds it necessary to caution the
public that he has NOT REMOVED, and he is not connected with
another house of the same name.—2, Cranbourn-Street, Leicester¬
square. Established 1830.
REMOVAL.—GEO. TROLLOPE and SONS beg
 a.
REMOVAL of their DECORATIVE and UP¬
HOLSTERY SHOW ROOMS from Parliament-street, Westminster,
to the extensive premises, Halkin-street west, Belgrave-square, lately
known as the Pantechnicon.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—R. ATKINS, Tailor
(late Nugee), haa s n n
piration of lease of pre¬
mises, 20, St. James's-street, REMOVED to 46, Albemarle-street,
Piccadilly, W.
NOTICE.—By order of the Metropolitan Board of
Works, confirmed by the Commissioners of Sewers of the city, the
houses on Ln
mbered as from the 12th inst., and the
house of ALFRED B. PEARCE, china and glass manufacturer, is
now No. 39, instead of 23.
NOTICE.—WALTER CARSON and SONS, of
9. Great Winchester-stred
ectfully notify that they have
REMOVED their principal OFFICE to their warehouse in La Belle
Sauvage-yard, Ludgate-hill, E.C. (three doors east of Railway Via¬
duct), and have discontinued their west-end office, 31, St. James's¬
street, S.W.
NOTICE.—The Executors of the late Messrs.
GEORGE PAY and SON, wine 
hants, of Adelaide-cham¬
bers, city, beg to state that the BUSINESS together with the stock
and premises, &c., have been PURCHASED by Mr. J. GARNER

asbury, to whom all future orders should be

LATE FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.—
STAGG and MANTLE beg to announce that they have RE¬
OPENED the whole of their PREMISES, and invite ladies to inspect
their new and choice STOCK for the present season
S. and M. also
beg to intimate that the remaining portion of the Salvage Stock will
be sold at an immense reduction from the original cost price.—1, 2, 3,
and 4, Leicester-square, and 8, Leicester-street.
AUDGATE-HILL RE-NUMBERED.—54 is the
number assigned
he Commissioners of Sewers to the ware¬
house of Messrs. SAMUEL, BROTHERS, merchant tailors, Ludgate¬

DANIEL FORRESTER, (late of the Mansion¬
T
 Investigation office,
No. 27, Bucklersbury, E.C.—INQUIRIES MADE with punctuality

INQUIRIES.—Messrs. FORRESTER and GOD¬
DARD, late principal police officers at the Mansion-house (City of
London) and the public office, Bow-street, undertake important and
confidential INQUIRIES in England or abroad.—Offices. 8. Dane's¬
inn. St. Clement's, Strand, W.C.
