W.D.—All's well.
NED  NE — RER W SSL.
LX. MOLINI.—A line to acknowledge this.—
MR. P. M. Z, who left Drocheda, is requested by
Miss McH. to RETURN to Dublin forthwith.
HEMO.—Paris, Hotel de Biron, Rue Favart, at 6
o'clock on the 17th October.—Private Inquiry-office, Devereux¬
Temple; established 1852.—C. NICHOLLS.
ONE—vhik ldde um inmesx mdws—he xnt khid—
kds ld jmny—en mus qdizhm him okabd mazlde—ldds vgdad xnt
J. H. WATTS or WATSON, Paddington Stn.,
who gave this address to a young gentleman at Scarborough, will
find a NOTE at the entrance-keeper's, goods dept., G.W.R. The gen¬

THE PHOENIX FIRE OFFICE ACKNOW¬
LEDGES the RECEIPT of a LETTER from Mac L. and Com¬
pany, containing £1,000 sterling in Scotch notes.
Lombard-street, Oct. 11, 1869
GEO. W. LOVELL, Sec.
AFTER all your devotion, I was in hopes to have
seen you or heard from you, before leaving for the "East."""T.
year or more must have elapsed since you left (N. B.). My "good bye"
and address could not have caused any taunts. I presume that you
have returned.
TO W. C.—Your two letters were received on the
9th inst., and if what is stated therein be the only cause of your
absence do not hesitate a moment, but return at once. I will make
all right and no one else will be the wiser. Think of your wife and
children and act like a man.
CHARLES MINOR COLLETT, Esq., late of 117,
Dorset-street, Salisbury-square, will confer a favour by SENDING
ADDRESS to Mr. Cullmer, 17, Southampton-buildings, Chancery¬
his lane, W.C.
FIVE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. — Where¬
as it has recently come to the knowledge of the Directors of the
European Assurance Society that certain PERSONS have been and
are CONSPIRING and COMBINING, by illegal devices and acts, to
injure and destroy the reputation and credit not only of the said
Society but of other large insurance companies, a list of which com¬
panies is now in the possession of the said Directors; The above re¬
ward will be paid by the said Society to any person who shall give such
INFORMATION as will lead to the discovery and ultimate conviction
of the aforesaid parties. Information to be forwarded to the offices
of the said Society, 17, Waterloo-place, Pall-mall; or to Messrs. Lewis
and Lewis, solicitors, Ely-place, Holborn, London.
LEWIS and LEWIS.

ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—MIS¬
SING, since 3 o'clock on Friday, 8th of October, from Kid¬
well's-park, Maidenhead, a NURSE and CHILD. The woman dressed
in black, age 38, middle-height, stout, dark hair, generally worn
waved, round features, name Elizabeth Barry. The child a girl, 17
months old, able to walk, fair complexion, hair light and curly, blue
vein very distinct on bridge of the nose under the eye; was dressed in
dark gray pelisse trimmed with scarlet, white straw hat trimmed with
blue velvet. Whoever shall give such information as shall lead to the
recovery of the child shall receive the above reward from Lieut.-Colonel
Hickie, Kidwell's-park, Maidenhead. Information to be furnished to
Superintendent Williamson, Detective office, Scotland-yard.
TWO HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—Re
BENJAMIN GODFREY WINDUS, Esq., deceased, late of
Tottenham, Middlesex.-A large sum of money (upwards of £40,000)
having been received by the late Mr. Benjamin Godfrey Windus be¬
tween the years 1851 and 1864, one of the parties entitled under his
will is desirous of ascertaining how the same has been invested or dis¬
posed of. Any person giving the necessary information with reference
thereto, enabling the advertiser to obtain his share of the same, shall
receive the above reward. Apply to Messrs. Forresters, private in¬
L
NOTICE to the GRANDCHILDREN of GEORGE
SKINNER, a brother of Joseph Skinner, late of Devonport, in
the county of Devon, quarterman of shipwrights, employed in His late
Majesty's Dockyard there, and afterwards a submeasurer in the same
yard, deceased.—To the CHILDREN of SOPHIA WILLIAMS, late
of Witney, in the county of Oxford, widow, one of the sisters-in-law of
the said Joseph Skinner, deceased; to the CHILDREN of MARIA
MOUNIER, also one of the sisters-in-law of the said Joseph Skinner,
deceased.—Whereas, by a decree of the High Court of Chancery, made
in a cause "Williams against Pearn, 1869, W., No. 126," the following
account and inquiries were, among other things, directed, namely—an
account of the pecuniary legacies given by the will of the said
Joseph Skinner, the testator in this cause, and payable after the
death of the said Sophia Skinner, the said testator's widow; an
inquiry who were the persons respectively entitied to such legacies
respectively; an inquiry who were the grandchildren of George Skinner,
a brother of the said Joseph Skinner, who died on 17th of February,
1835 ; also who were the children of the said testator's sister-in-law
Sophia Williams, the children of his sister-in-law Maria Mounier,
living on 17th November, 1868, the date of the death of Sophia Skinner,
the testator's widow, and whether any of them died since, and who
are the legal personal representatives of those (if any) who have so
died since ; also an inquiry whether any of the grandchildren of the
said George Skinner, or of the children of the said Sophia Williams
(other than Charles Kevern Williams), or if whether the children of
the said Maria Mounier respectively who died before the said Sophia
Skinner left any issue living at the death of the said Sophia Skinner,
and any such grandchildren of George Skinner, children of Sophia
Williams (except as aforesaid), and children of Maria Mounier living,
such issue died respectively, and who are their respective legal personal
representatives:—All persons claiming to be entitled under the said
account and inquiries directed by the decree are, by their solicitors, as
to those residing in England on or before the 1st day of November, 1869,
and as to those residing out of England on or before the 21st February,
1870, to come in and prove their claims at the chambers of his Honour
the Vice-Chancellor Sir William Milbourne James, No. 11, New-square,
Lincoln's-inn, Middlesex; or, in default thereof, they will be peremp¬
torily excluded from the benefit of the said decrec. Thursday, the
11th day of November, 1863, at 12 of the clock at noon, at the said
chambers, is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims
of the claimants residing in England, and Thursday, the 3d day of
March, 1870, at 12 of the clock at noon, at the said chambers, is ap¬
pointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims of those claimants
residing out of England. Dated this 7th day of August, 1869.
HY. LEMAN, Chief Clerk.
WEDLAKE and LETTS, 3, Mitre-court, Temple, London,
Agents for Edmonds and Son, of Plymouth, Devonshire,
Plaintiff's Soficitors.
FOUND, on Tuesday, the 5th of October, near the
Statue, King William-street, a LARGE GREYHOUND. If not
owned within 10 days, the dog will be SOLD to pay expenses. Apply at
No. 87, Tower-hill
BRITISH AUXILIARY LEGION of SPAIN.—
The PENSIONS for the current quarter will be PAID on and
after the 15th inst. The privates on the 15th inst., from 11 to 1 o'clock.
COUNTRY NEWSPAPER PROPRIETORS are
earnestly requested to SEND, immediately, to Geo. Kelly and
Co., as below, PARTICULARS of any CHANGES in day or place of
PUBLICATION, that same may be shown in the Corrected List of
Newspapers, adapted for the insertion of the November Parliamentary
notices. The list is corrected annually to the 1st of November, for the
especial use of Parhamentary agents and solicitors, by Geo. Kelly and
Co., Gazette and general advertisement agents, 1, Upper Charles-street,
Parliament-street, London, S.W
LEGAL NOTICE.—SIAMESE LINKS.—This is
to give notice, that the STERLOSCOPIC COMPANY will pro¬
ceed against infringers of their copyright; and purchasers are re¬
quested to see that every box purporting to be issued by them has the
inscription, "Siamese Link, price 6d., Stereoscopic Company, en¬
tered according to the Act," with directions, all printed in red type,
on a yellow surface.—Oct., 1860.
HAVANA CIGAR BRANDS ASSOCIATION.—
For protecting the cigar manufacturers of Havana and the im¬
porters and dealers in Great Britain against fraudulent and colourable
imitations of brands, labels, and trade marks. The trade are informed
that APPLICATIONS for CERTIFICATES of MEMBERSHIP may
be addressed to, and further information obtained from
WALTER LUMLEY, Secretary, 15, Old Jewry-chambers,

PARTAGAS CIGARS.—Caution.— Whereas per¬
petual injunctions in Chancery have been granted by his Lord¬
ship the Master of the Rolls against divers persons, restraining them,
their servants or agents, from selling, disposing of, or parting with,
any boxes or cases of cigars bearing, or having stamped thereon, or
affexed thereto colourable and irandulent imitations of the trade mark
and labels of Don José Partagas, of the Havanah, cigar manufac¬
turer:—Notice is hereby given, that a special power of attorney to
FROTECT his BRAND, Trade Mark, and Labels from being rraudu¬
lently IMITATED in Great Britain and Irelund is held by Messrs. E.
JONAS and BROTHERS, of High Holborn, in the county of Middle-¬
sex. All parties are hereby cautioned agamst dealing in spurious
imitations of the brand, trade mark, and labels of the said Don José
Partagas.
LUMLEY and LUMLEY, 15, Old Jewry-chambers, E.C.,
Solicators for the said Don Joré larisgas.
THE public are CAUTIONED against IMITA¬
TIONS of the NEW VELLUM WOVE CLUB-HOUSE NOTE.
This paper has been manufactured to meet the universaily-expericuced
want—tc., a paper which shall in iteelf cembine a perfectly smooth
surface with total frecdom from grease. It is made from the best iinen
rags only, possesses great tenacity and durability, and is equally well
adapted for quill or steel pen. sample packet rost free for 18 stamps.
(Signen) PARTRIDGE and COCPER, sole manufacturers
and vendors, 1s., Fleet-street, E.C.
CAUTION.—JOSEPH GILLOTT-S STEEL PENS.
—The public are respectfully cautioned that the genuine PENS
are stamped with the name in full, and that a fac-sinule of J. G.'s sig¬
nt tst apend
esce bo.
CAUTIOA.—VOIGTLANDENS OPERA and
RACE GLASSES.—The pubhe are hereby cautioned against
imitations. The genuine bear the following inscription on the slides:—
"Gallaguan, sole agent, 23a, New Bond-street, corner of Conduit-st.
CAUTION.—The real genume MACASSARINE
CIL is reauseu to 1s., and 11. BREIDENEACH informs the
public and his numerous agents that he holds himself responsible for
the genuineness of the same, whether it be procured through the whole¬
sale houses, or trom nis manufactory, provided the ma nature be H.
Breidennach, 1975, new Bond-street, London, pertumer to the Queen.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHER'S QUEEN'S READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPE LAMPS, as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family.—The puthe are CAUTIONED against
mferior inucations. M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-street, being
the sole inventor and mandlactmer of these celebrated lamps. Draw¬
thas td
aess pes frec. snr.
CAUTION.—Messrr. s. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opictans to the Governmene, beg to caution their customers
against purenasing spectacies of trovellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. a. havemt averlers, therelore pe-sous desirous of ub¬
taining the genuine tinted and registerea ncuromatic lenses thould
apply only d'rect to the.a, at 59, 4 losmarse-s'reet, Piccadily.
CAUTION.—The Pubnc are warned against the
attempts of those wh seek as near as they dare to copy
the design of Messrs. D. NICOLL and Co.'s PATENTED GAR¬
MENTS, and particuiarly with regard to the deal garment called
the Rug Palecot. Unprincipled persons, wne have only auddeny
awakened to the advantage of this invention trough the advertie¬
ments connected therewath, are alreacy tryig to pass ofl cunnry
imitations for that winch D. Nicorl and Co. have already yroter
to be the cheapest article ever offered to the pubhic. The safeguant
will be the right to demand to see the trade mark, which mny be thus
described: the Coats of Arms of London and Puns are printed or
woven on to a loop used for hanging up the garment, and between
these emblems of the two cties, the words "Nicoll's Patent" appear.
INFORMATION as to INFRINGEMENT should be sent to 6, Fel.¬
street, Wood-street, E.C.
NOTICE.—The DONCASTER CUP of 1869 is now
ON VIEW at the manufacturer's, Mr. Harry Emanuel,
Jeweller to the Queen, 18, New Bond-street, W.
NOTICE.—PATENT NORWEGIAN SELF¬
ACTING PORTABLE COOKING APPARATUS and SIMPLE
REFRIGERATOR.—S. W. SILVER and Co., 66 and 67, Cornhill, and
Nos. 2, 3, and4, Bishopsgate within, London, are the sole licensees and
mnanufacturers
NOTICE.—NOSOTITS CABINET, Furnture,
and Uphoistery FACTORY REMOVED from Newman-yard to
Nos. 1,2, and 3, Great Chapel-Street, Soho. The Carving and Gilding
Factory to 4, Great Chapestreet and Great Portland-mews, Soleo.
Only entrance to the 13 show rooms, 393, Oxford-street. Established

Nozotti's.
NOTICE.—C. J. KLAFTENBERGER (late Aubert
and Klaftenberger), watch and clock maker to the Queen and
Royal Family (the ongnal firm established 1833, at 157, Regent¬
street) begs respectfully, in returning thanks to the nobility and gentry
for the liberal support awarded him during the many years he has been
established, to inform them that he continues to cary on business at
the above named premises, and that he is in no way connected with
any other firm.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. FREDK. DAVIS,
importer, purchaser, and valuer of old Sevres, Chelsea, Worcester,
Dresden, and other rare china and works of art in general, begs to in¬
form the nobility, gentry, and public that he has REMOVED from
100, New Bond-street to his new gallery, 51, Pall-mall, W. (nearly op¬
posite Marlborough-house), where his valuable collection of old Sevres,
other rare porcelains, and objects of art are always on sale. N.B.—F.D.
continues to purchase rare old chins and curiosities to any amount.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Messrs. AUBERT and
Co., the old-established watch and clock manufacturers, of Re¬
gent-street, having made arrangements with Mr. Streeter, of 37, Con¬
duit-street, Bond-street, to transfer their business and books to him
on the 1st of January, 1870, will thank their numerous customers to
address their future applications to him at 37, Conduit-street, Bond¬
street, where an efficient staff of workmen and every modern appliance
will be found for the execution of orders and repairs.
N.B. To carry into effect the above arrangement, the whole of the
stock of watches, clocks, bronzes, and jewellery will be offered by
Messrs. Aubert and Co., of Regent-street (four doors south of Oxford-¬
circus), at a reduction of 30 per cent, from the marked prices.
R. WEISBECKER begs leave to announce his
REMOVAL to 24, Chippenham-road, St. Peter's-park, W.
FOLLAKYS PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Contidential INQUIRIES with secrecy and despatch in divorce
cases, &c., by Mn Poliaky, 13, Paddington-green.
