ALFRED CHARLES R.—RETURN immediately.
All matters will be arrae
FAITH and CHARITY.—WRITE, and tell me
where you are, and I will come and call. Look for an answer in
the same place. Thanks for your letter.
A FRIEND of Mr. GEO. H. WILLIAMS, from
America, would be glad of his ADDRESS.—B. McL. H.,
No. 25, Duke-street, St. James's.
S.—Poor little R. is DYING, and calling for his
Mamma. Are you resolved never to see him again in this world
or in the next? He is at home now. Do not be afraid to come back.
Still thine, H.
JAMES LEEKS, son of James Lecks, of Onchouse,
in the county of Suffolk, is requested to COMMUNICATE at
once with any of his friends, as, in consequence of the death of Mr
William Bray, of Hartest, he has become ENTITLED to a PORTION
of the PROPERTY.
LOST, a fortnight or three weeks since, an old¬
fashioned SAPPHIRE HOOP RING, broken, and with some
of the stones out.
taken to Mr. Milis, 171, Oxford-street, a RE¬
WARD of ONE POUND will be given.
LOST, on Tuesday, October 21, GENTLEMAN's
WATCH-KEY, on top amethyst engraved "J. R. H." If
brought to J. R. Honroyd, 36, St. Martin's-lane, a handsome RE¬
WARD will be given.
LOST, a JOURNAL, belonging to the London City
Mission, headed Mr. Goodall, No. 530 (Belvedere District); of
no use but to the owner. Whoever will bring the same to Mr.
Guerrier, College-wharf, Belvedere-road, S., will be liberally RE¬
WARDED.
LOST, on Friday evening, between the hours of
4 p.m and 7 p.m. either at Shoreditch, London-bridge, or New
cross Station, £50 in BANK of ENGLAND NOTES; one £20 and
three £10 each. Numbers known and stopped. Whoever will bring
the same to Messrs. Tory and Co., 41, Norfolk-street, Strand, shall
receive £10 REWARD.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, 22d inst., a
PIN, emerald set with brillants, from London-bridge to Islington,
neighbourhood of Canonbury-square, Lower-road, and Highbury.
Apply at 9, Dowgate-hill, Cannon-street, city, ground iloor.
OPERA-GLASS LEFT, in the centre box of the

pper
on Monday night, Drury-lane. A REWARD of
TEN SHILLINGS will be paid on its being brought to the New
Hummums, Covent-garden.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, a PAPER
PARCEL, containing books and papers, between Notting-hill
and Whitechapel, on Wednesday night. Apply at 17, Great George¬
street, Westminster.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—STOLEN, from 28, St.
eorge's-place, Knightsbridge, a large ROSE DIAMOND
BROOCH, of scroll pattern, off coloured brillant in centre, with
pendant attached. The above reward will be paid on conviction of the
thief and recovery of the property.
TEN POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, in the
ood of Islington, TWO £1,000 TURKISH BONDS
of 1858, Nos. 1,065 and 1,066 ; of no use to anyone but the owner.
Any person taking the same to C. T. Perry, Esq., stockbroker, Throg¬
morton-street, shall receive the above REWARD.
TEN SHILLIS REWERD.—IE .
Hansom cab, on Monday, the 20th inst., in Gray's-inn-lane,
about 1 o'clock, a BLACK LEATHER BAG, containing a railway
rate book, passes, &c., which are stopped; of no value to any one
but the owner. The cab and driver are known. Any one bringing
the bag and contents to the cloak room, Great Northern Railway,
King's-cross, shall receive 10s. reward.
DOG LOST (FIFTEEN SHILLINGS REWARD),
from Park-place, on Monday, 20th, a young WIRY SCOTCH
TERRIER, black and tan, with white chest. Whoever brings him to
J. Betteridge, 3, Wellington-terrace, Liverpool-road, Islington, shall
receive the above reward.
DOG LOST (TEN SHILLINGS REWARD)—
brown mixture Scotch bitch, red leather collar on, lost in the
neighbourhood of Charing-cross, at 8 a.m., 23d inst. Whoever brings
the same to A. B., 10, Bell's-buildings, Salisbury-square, E.C., shall
receive the above reward.
FOUND, a CAMEO RING. Will be given up on
description, &c. Apply to G. F. Parsons, 176, Pentonville-road, N.
FOUND, on the 25th September last, in St. James's-¬
street, a PURSE, containing money, and a memorandum in
pencil. The owner may have it on describing it and the contents by
application to the hall porter, Oxford and Cambridge Club, Pall-mall,
and paying expenses of advertising. This is the second and last adver¬
tisement.
INY parties claiming to be NEXT of KIN of
JOSEPH LISNER, formerly of St. Clement Dane
ilor, last heard of in 1808, or of MARIA ELIZABETH DRESS¬
LER, otherwise Elizabeth Tresselt, formerly Lisner, who died at
Steinschonau, in Bohemia, in 1820, are requested to COMMUNI¬
CATE immediately with Ed. Zimmermann, LL.D., solicitor, 5, Clare¬
mont-square, N., London. Information is requested as to whether the
said Joseph Lisner died unmarried and without issue.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £666 12s. 4d. Reduced
£3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of ELIZA¬
BETH TINGCOMBE, of Plymouth, spinster, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed on and from the 5th April. 1824;—
Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon
paid, to Ellen Mary Stilwell, wife of John Gilliam Stilwell, the admini¬
stratrix of the said Elizabeth Tingcombe, spinster, deceased, who has
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and
eas
ST. MARY, NEWINGTON, SURREY.—The
Representatives of the undermentioned persons and others are
hereby informed, that the TOMBS in St. Mary's Churchyard are going
rapidly to DECAY. The Burial Board request immediate attention
to this advertisement, that their removal may be prevented.
Messrs. Banister.
Messrs. Robinson.
Capes.

By order,
JOSEPH BURGESS, Clerk to the Board.
No. 1, Keene's-row, Walworth, S., Oct. 23, 1862.
IN the SUPREME COURT of the COLONY of
VICTORIA.—Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Jurisdiction.—In
Re Charles Wherrett, of Castlemaine, in the Colony of Victoria, pho¬
tographic artist.—To MORRICE BARNETT, now or late of Ramsgate,
in the United Kingdom of Great Britain.—These are to command you
that within seven months from the day of the first publication hereof
in The Times newspaper, published in the city of London, inclusive of
the day of such publication, you do appear in our said Court, then and
there to make answer to the petition filed in our said Court. And take
notice that in default of your so doing, the Judges of our said Court
will proceed to hear the said charge proved in due course of law, and
to pronounce sentence therein, your absence notwithstanding.
. (L.S.)	FREDK. WILKINSON, Master in Equity.
IN the SUPREME COURT of the COLONY of
VICTORIA.—Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Jurisdiction.—
Between Charles Wherrett, petitioner; Susan Wherrett, respondent;
and Morrice Barnett, corespondent.—To MORRICE BARNETT, now
or late of Ramsgate, in the county of Kent, England.—Take notice,
that a CITATION has been issued in the above matter, in which you
are made the corespondent, and that in pursuance of an order made in
this matter you are to appear to make answer as required on or before
the 24th day of May, in the year of our Lord 1863. —Dated this 25th day
of August, A.D., 1862.
JOHN HUGHES CLAYTON, 64, Little Collins-street-east,
bourne, Proctor for the said Charles Wherrett.
ADVERTISEMENT.—In pursuance of Governmen¬
tal orders, the STEAM CORVETTE, DANZIG, having been judged
unfit for further Royal maritime service, is to be SOLD publicly to the
highest bidder, together with her entire inventory, rigging, and engine,
exclusive however of her artillery eguipments, on the 13th December,
in the forenoon, at 9 o'clock, upon the Royal-wharf. Danzig. The list of
the inventory, and a minute description of the vesseland engine, are laid
out for public inspection in the registry of the undersigned administra¬
tion, in the offices of the Prussian Consulate at London, Liverpool,
and Portsmouth. Copies of the same may be obtained on payment of
the copying charges. Offers may be tendered by word of mouth as
well as in writing, but must be accompanied by a deposit of 2,000 dol¬
lars, either in ready cash or in stocks or shares, at the exchange noted
on the day of the deposit. The vessel is a paddle-wheel steam vessel,
built in the years 1849 to 1851, in Danzig; her length on deck is 219 ft.
6 in., breadth extreme 33ft. 4 in., depth in hold 21 ft. 3 in., tonnage 1,402
tons. She has substantial between decks, and is strengthened by ixon
diagonal bars, iron knees and bands, copper fastened and coppered,
and rigged as a bark. The engine (100 horse power nominal) was
built in 1851, by Robinson, Russel, and Co., in Millwall.—Danzig,

Royal Maritime Magazine Administration.
ADVERTISEMENT.—To the HEIRS, Devisees, or
Assigns of GEORGE DIXON, deceased. — Whereas, by an Act
of the Legisiature of Vanconver Island, intituled "The Act to Cure
Imperfect Titles, 1861," it is provided that, from and after the passage
of this Act, any person or persons who prior to the passage of this Act
shall have purported to purchase real estate in Vancouver Island, or its
dependencies, from the owner of the fee simple thereof, for a valuable
consideration, and shall have obtained a conveyance thereof defective
through want of proper words of limitation or of some informality,
and any person or persons who shall be entitled derivatively to an
interest so purported to have been purchased, and so originally con¬
veyed by an instrument insufficient to pass the fee simple, may file a
bill in the Supreme Court of Civil Justice against the original grantor,
his hers or assigns; and, in the event of such bill being filed by any
person derivatively entitled as aforesaid against the original grantor,
his heirs or assigns, and the intermediate holders of the same real
estate, praying a decree that the said real estate may be vested in him
or them for an absolute estate in fee simple, the Chief Justice may,
if satisfied that the actual intention of the original grantor was to
convey the absolute legal fee simple, or the absolute equitable fee
simple, the real estate purported to be conveyed, order that the original
grantor, and all persons claiming as his heirs or assigns, shall show
cause, within 12 months from the date of such order, why a decree
that the legal fee simple, or the equitable fee simple, in the said
real estate should not be vested, by the order of the Court, in the
plaintiff or plaintifis; and whereas a bill has been filed in the
Supreme Court of Civil Justice, wherein James Yates and John D—
Carroll are plaintiffs, and William Thompson and William Dixon are
defendants, praying a decree that LOT numbered 191 on the OFLI,
CIAL MAP of VICTORIA may be vested in the plaintiffs for an
absolute estate in fee simple ; and whereas the said Chief Justice has
been satisfied that the actual intention of the late George Dixcin, the
original grantor of such lot, was to convey the absolute legal fee s mple
the said lot, numbered 191, and has, by a decree under hir hand and
the seal of the said Court, dated the 29th day of August, A.D. 1861,
ordered that all persons claiming as the heirs or assigus of the said
George Dixon, deceased, should show cause, within a twelvemonth
from the 29th day of August' why a decree that the legal fee simple in
the said lot should not be vested, by the order of the Court, in the
plaintiffs in certain proportions in such decree mentioned; now this
is to notify all persons whom it may concern, that the Chief Justice
will on or after the 29th day of November, A.D. 1862, proceed to
DECREE upon the said order to show cause, and may, by virtue of
the said decree, order that the FEE SIMPLE of the said lot shall
be VESTED in the plaintiffs, or otherwise, either legally or equitably,
according to the estate of the criginal grantor. The said George
Dixon was for sixteen (16) years a seafaring man, and subsequenily
thereto down to his death in the employment of the Hudson's Bay
Company; he is believed to have had a brother, a tailor in Liverpool.
(Signed) THOMAS G. WILLIAMS, Registrar
Messrs. PRICHARD and COLLETTE, 57, Lincoln's-inn-fields,
London, Solicitors for the Plaintiff.
PETROLEUM ACT, 1862.—The Metropolitan Board
of Works thereby give notice, that, by the 3d section of the 25th
and 26th Victoria, c. 66, it is provided, that from on and ifter the 1st
day of October, 1862, not more than 40 gallons of Petroleum, which
by the 1st section of the said Act it is declared shall include any pro¬
duct thereof that gives off an inflammable vapour at a temperature of
less than 100 degrees of Fahrenheit's thermometer, shall be kept
within 50 yards of a dwelling-house, or of a building in which goods are
stored, except in pursuance of a licence given by the local anthority;
and any Petroleum kept in contravention of that section will be
liable to forfeiture, and in addition thereto the occupier of the place
in, which such Petroleum is kept will incur a penalty not exceeding
£20 a day for each day during which Petroleum is kept in contra¬
vention of the act.
Notice is also given, that by the 4th section of the Act the local
authority to grant licences in the metropolis, as defined by the Metro¬
polis Local Management Act, 1855 (except the city of London, and any
harbour, port, dock, river, pier, or other works in or at which vessels
ship or discharge goods or passengers), is declared to be the Metro¬

Parties making applications for licences are required to send to the
offices of the Board a correct plan and full particulars in writing of
the premises in which Petroleum is proposed to be stored.
Any further information may be obtained at this office, between the
hours of 9 and 4 o'clock.
By order.
JOHN POLLARD, Clerk of the Board.
Spring-gardens, October, 18.

FURE WATER.—Caution.—The Executors of the
late JAMES LIPSCOMBE, of 93, Regent-street, London, beg to
state that the business is carried on at that address only, for the
benefit of the widow and son of the late Mr. Lipscombe, the adver¬
tisements in The Times of August 7 and October 22 being likely to
mislead the public.
CABCURG's PATENT.—It having come to the
knowledge of M. Cabourg, of No. 74, Rue St. Honoré, Paris,
that certain persons in England are manufacturing and vending
machines which are infringements of his patent for "Improvements
in machines for the purpose of uniting together by means of screws
leather used in the manufacture of boots and shoes and other arti¬
cles composed of two or more pieces of leather" the public are hereby
informed that LEGAL MEASURES will be TAKEN AGAINST any
PERSON whO MAL
UFACTURES, sells, or uses such MACHINES,
without first obtaining the license or consent of M. Cabourg or his

BLAKELEY and BESWICK, 26. Nicholas-lane, Lombard-¬
street, London, Solicitors for the Batentee.
