E. F.—In consequence of your change in the address
I can get no intelligence. At my chambers, at 12 on Thursday
(this day).—F.
IF W. H. C., of Hull, sees this, it will be to his
ADVANTAGE to come to, or correspond with, his friends in
Preston.
TO W. W. R., who LEFT HOME, on the 8th
inst, promising to be at the London-bridge Station, at 7 o'clock.
He is earnestly entreated to COMMUNICATE with his friends, so
that some arrangement may be made.—W. T. G.
MADAME CAMILLE begs Mr. DAVID ROACH
(American) to COMMUNICATE his ADDRESS in London to
Madame Lacombe, 1, Rue Buffault, Paris.
CHARLES JAMES EYRE.—This GENTLEMAN
is requested to COMMUNICATE immediately with Mr. Patti¬
son, 44, Bedford-row, London.
LOST, a GOLD EYE-GLASS, about half-past 5
o'clock on Tuesday evening, 20th inst., in the neighbourhood of
Wellington-street, Strand. TEN SHILLINGS REWARD will be
paid on the same being restored to Mr. Barratt, 176, Regent-street, W.
LOST, by a French gentleman, a POCKET-BOOK,
containing papers of no value to the finder, between the Royal
Hotel, Blackfriars, and the city. Any person bringing the same to the
Royal Hotel, Blackfriars, shall receive a REWARD.
LOST, on Tuesday evening, 20th May, either in
Old Buriington-street or the west side of Lowndes-square, an
AMETHYST and GOLD BRACELET. Whoever will bring the
same to Messrs. Hunt and Roskell, 156, New Bond-street, shall receive
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, by a servant, on Tuesday last, between Hun¬
gerfordmarket and the Haymarket, a FIVE POUND NOTE,
wrapped in a small piese of paper Number known and payment
stopped. A REWARD of TEN SHILLINGS will be given to whoever
will bring it to J. Blackburn, butcher, 10, Hungerford-market.
TO BILL DISCOUNTERS and others.—LOST,
on Sunday, May 18, a PURSE, containing money and a bill of
exchange for £53 15s., drawn on H. A. Challenor, dated 25th February.
A REWARD of TWO POUNDS will be paid to any one returning
the said bill to C. Entwistle, Approach Tavern, Victoria-park, N.E.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, at the en¬
trance to or inside Her Majesty's Theatre, on Saturday evening,
the 10th inst., a plain GOLD BRACELET, with a twisted scroll-sprig
on the ton Apply to Mr. Dobson, jeweller, 32, Piccadilly. No further
reward will be offered.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday
evening, either at the entrance to, or in the pit of, Her Maiesty's
Theatre, or in a cab that took a fare to Norfolk-street, a PURSE,
containing notes, gold, &c. Payment of the notes is stopped. Who¬
ever will bring the same to 15, Norfolk-street, Strand, shall receive the
above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
ning, May 18, supposed in Walnut-tree-walk, West Brompton,
a LADY'S GOLD LEVER WATCH: maker's name Durrant, Ham¬
mersmith, back engine turned, gold face, somewhat scratched. Who¬
ever will bring the same to the Police Station, near Cremome; on
to 1, Phené-street, Oakley-st., Chelsea, shall receive the above reward.
TO CARMEN and others.—FIVE POUNDS RE¬
WARD.—Supposed to have been LEFT in a four-wheeled CAB,
on Monday, the 12th inst., TWO PARCHMENT LEASES, and some
written papers, either in or out of a small blue bag. On the delivery
of these to Mr. Low, stationer, 31, Abchurch-lane, city, the above
reward will be paid.
BANK NOTES and POCKET-BOOK.—TEN
POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in the city of London, £45, in
THREE NOTES—two £20 Bank of England, Nos. 43,243 and 43,244,
dated 7th March, 1862, and endorsed "Robert Curtis and Co., and
Jutsum;" also a £5 country note, and other memorandums. The
numbers are stopped. The above reward will be paid on recovery.
Apply to the housekeeper, Dowgate-hill-chambers, Cannon-street, city,

FOUND, on the 5th of May, a BLACK and TAN
SPANIEL DOG. Apply at 21, Shaftesbury-terrace, Pimlico.
FOUND, a WHITE BULL TERRIER BOG,
on Friday, May 16th. Whoever has lost such a dog, and can give
a satisfactory account of the same, can have him by applying at 8A,

FOUND, on Monday, near St. John's-wood, a
small, long-haired TERRIER BITCH. The owner may have
her on giving a description and paying for this advertisement. Apply
by letter to J. G., Mr. Windle's, chymist, 58, Portman-place, Maida-hill.
NEXT of KIN.—CHAS. SPEKE PULTENEY,
practised as a surgeon, at Sherborne, Dorsetshire, and died
about 50 years ago.—INFORMATION is REQUIRED respecting the
descendants and family of the said C. S. Pulteney. Any persons giving
the information required shall be liberally REWARDED. Com¬
munications to be addressed to Shum and Crossman, solicitors,
No. 3, King's-road, Bedford-row, London, W.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Dividend.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of £3,600
Reduced Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the
names of STANFORD CARROLL, of Arklow, county of Wicklow,
Esq., and CATHERINE CARROLL his wife, and which divi¬
dend was paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt, in consequence of its having remained unclaimed
since the 10th October, 1822; Notice is hereby given that, on the ex¬
piration of three months from this date, the said Dividend will be
paid to Catherine Carroll, widow the survivor, who has claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his
claim thereto.
PROVINCE of OTAGO, New Zealand. —Diseased
Cattle Act. 1861.—PROCLAMATION, by His Honour John Larkin
Cheese Richardson, Superintendent of the Province of Otage in the
Colony of New Zealand. Whereas by section No. 9 of the "Diseased
Cattle Act. 1861," it is enacted that "if at any time it shall be made to
appear to the Governor that any infectious or contagious disease has
broken out in any district out of the colony, it shall be lawful for the
Governor, by Order in Corncil, to declare that such district is infected
within the meaning of this Act, and from time to time to make such
regulations as to him shall seem fit for prohibiting the importation of
cattle into the colony from such district, and the landing or driving
of such cattle, and for destroying cattle imported, landed, or driven
contrary to such regulations;" and by section 10 of the same Act, it is
also enacted that "if at any time it shall be made to appear to the
Governor that any infectious or contagious disease has broken out
among cattle in any district of the colony, it shall be lawful for the
Governor, by Order in Council, to declare that such district is infected
within the meaning of this Act, and from time to time to make such
regulations for destroying diseased cattle therein, and from prohibiting
the removal or transportation of cattle from one part of the colony to
another, and for preventing the further spread of such disease, as to
him shall seem fit." And it is by the same Act also enacted that the
Governor in Council may by warrant under his hand from time to
time delegate to the Superintendent of any province within the colony
all or any of the powers vested in the Governor, or Governor in Council.
by the said Act, subject to such regulations as he may think fit, and
may from time to time rescind, such delegation; and whereas the
Governor hath, with the advice and consent of the Execu¬
tive Council of New Zealand, delegated to John Larkins Cheese
Richardson, Esquire, so long as he shall hold the office of
Superintendent of the province of Otago, the several powers
vested in the Governor by the second, fourth, fifth, seventh, ninth, and
tenth sections of the said Act, subject to being rescinded as in
the said Act is provided, and subject to the regulations issued by the
Governor in Council, on the 1st day of October, 1861, and to any other
regulations to be from time to time duly made.
Now, therefore, I, the said John Larkins Cheese Richardson, by
virtue of the powers vested in me in this behalf, do hereby proclaim
and declare, that after the date hereof the several colonies of Australia
—that is to say, the colony of Victoria, the colony of New South Wales,
the colony of Queensland, the colony of South Australia, and the
colony of Western Australia, as well as the colony of Tasmania, and the
colony of the Cape of Good Hope, and the islands of Great Britain and
Ireland, shall be deemed to be infected districts within the meaning
and for the purposes of the above-mentioned Act, and that no cattle,
after the date hereof until further notice, shall be imported into the
province of Otago from such districts; provided, however, that the
Superintendent of the province may allow any cattle to be landed from
vessels from the islands of Great Britain and Ircland, subject to such
conditions and restrictions as he may deem expedient, and the circum¬
stances of any case may require.
And whereas cattle have been lately imported from the said colony
of New South Wales into the province of Southland, in the colony of
New Zealand, and the cattle in the said province have thereby become
infected, I do therefore further proclaim and declare that after the
date hereof the province of Southland, in the colony of New Zealand,
shall be deemed to be an infected district within the meaning of the
said Act, and that no cattle shall be removed or transported from the
said province of Southland into the province of Otago.
Given under my hand, and issued under the public seal of the pro
vince of Otago, at Dunedin, this 6th day of January 1862.
J. RICHARDSON, Superintendent.
By His Honours command, JOHN HARDY, Provincial Sec.
STARVATION: the Proposed Revision of the
Poor Law, &c.—LECTURE and DISCUSSION, in which three
or more Clergymen will take part, To-morrow (Friday) evening, 23d,
at 7.30, at Monmouth-hall, Westbourne-grove, Bayswater.
PHRENOLOGY and PHYSIOLOGY.—Messrs.
FOWLER and WELLS LECTURE in Whittington Club THIS
EVENING, 22d; subject, A good memory. 23d How to rise in the
world. 24th, Physiognomy. In Clapham-hall, Old-town, Clapham,
26th, Utility of phrenology. 27th, Perfection of Character. Open
at 7.30, commence at 8. Consultations daily, at 147, Strand.
THE ST. GEORGE's CHALLENGE VASE, pre¬
sented to the Volunteer Battalions of Great Britain, ON VIEW,
at Messrs. Ortner and Houle's, 3, St. James's-street, S.W.
GRAND EXHIBITION of CANARIES, British
and foreign caged Birds, Pigeons, &c., at the Great Globe, Leices¬
ter-square, under distinguished patronage, commencing Monday, June
23, 1862.—The building is undergoing extensive alterations, and will be
made most suitable and agreeable in temperature, so that exhibitors
may with confidence send their most valuable birds from any part of
the world. List of prizes and certificates of entry are now ready, and
can be obtained on application to Mr. Duncalf, secretary, Great Globe,
Leicester-square, London, by forwarding stamped directed envelope.
The entries close on Wednesday, June 18. Admission first day 2s. 6d.,
following days 1s.
ALBERTLAND (Nonconformist Colony), New
Zealand.—The FAREWELL DEMONSTRATION, commeino¬
rative of the departure of the first thousand for the new colony of
Albertland, will take place May 29th, at the East India Docks. The
ships will sail from the North-west Quay, between 12 and 2 o'clock. The
Hon. A. Kinnaird, M.P., E. Ball, Esq., M.P., T. Barnes, Esq., M.P.,
G. Thompson, Esq., Harper Twelvetrees, Esq., and other gentlemen are
expected to take part in the proceedings Tickets to the ships, &c., may
be had of Mr. Brame, 293, City-road, E.C
BATH and WEST of ENGLAND AGRICUL¬
TURAL SOCIETY's SHOW at WELLS, commencing 26th
May, and ending 30th May.
Implements, machinery, &c., received at the Show-yard, on Thursday,
Friday, and Saturday, 22d. 23d, 24th May.
Live Stock received at the Show-yard, on Monday and Tuesday, 26th
and 27th May.
The London and South-Western Railway Company convey imple¬
ments, machinery, and live stock to Wells from all stations on the
South-Western Line without break of gauge.
Implements, machinery, and live stock, from the Eastern Counties,
Great Northern, Midland, and London and North-Western lines, may
be conveyed to Wells without break of gauge if consigned by London
and South-Western Railway to Wells¬
RATH and WEST of ENGLAND AGRICUL¬
TURAL SOCIETY's SHOW at WELLS, comme

May and ending 30th May.—EXTENSION of RETURN TICKETS,
SOUTH-WESTERN RAILWAY.—All return tickets to Wells from
Waterloo-bridge Station, London, and other stations on the South¬
Western line, issued on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, 28th, 29th,
and 30th May, will be available to return up to Saturday, 31st May
inclusive.
Trains leave Waterloo-bridge Station, London, for Wells, at 11 a.m.,
1st, 2d, 3d class; and at 3.50 p.m., 1st and 2d class.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE (established 1852),
at 20, Devereux-court, Temple, under the direction of CHARLES
FREDERICK FIELD, late Chief Inspector of the Detective Police
of the Metropolis. Inquiries made for noblemen, gentlemen, solicitors,
railway and other joint stock companies; evidence collected in
divorce cases.
INQUIRIES.—Messrs. FORRESTER and GOD¬
DARD (late principal officers at the Mansion-house, city of Lon¬
don, and the public office, Bow-street), undertake important and CON¬
FIDENTIAL INQUIRIES for the nobility, gentry, solicitors,
bankers, insurance, railway companies, and others, in England or
abroad.—Offices, 8, Dane's-inn, St. Clement's, Strand.
SWIMMING TAUGHT, by Professor BECK¬
WITH, in six or eight lessons, no matter what age or how ner¬
vous of water. Completion, plain swimming, one guinea. Lessons at
any hour. —Lambeth Baths. Professor B. and his three children open

NATER-COLOUR STUDIO, 22a, Mortimer¬
street, Cavendish-square.—This studio is opened by an expe¬
rienced artist to supply genuine WATER-COLOUR-DRAWINGS by
the first masters, with all the necessary directions for copying without
any further chorges, rendering a master unncesary. Terms for sub¬
scribers to the use of the whole collection, six guineas per annum.
Single copies in proportion to value. Families in the country supplied,
INDIA and CHINA.—Now on VIEW, a collection
of PHOTOGRAPHIC VIEWS of PEKIN, the Summer Palace,
—

coeeeseeemmeronemse
seeessnass
mutiny in India and the late war in China. The whole collection now

London, where the list is open for subecribers' names. A detailed cata¬
logue of the views and portraits will be forwarded on the receipt of one
postage stamp.
