RECEIVED of W. B., £20.—E. B.
CAESAR, J.—I am uneasy at the long silence. No
acknowledgment of Photo. What has occurred? Ever. P. O.,
for next month.
N to DECAMERON. — Received safely. Again a
thousand thanks. As you will not call, let me meet you at
any time you like to appoint. But for a mistake this would have been
—The Times of the 14t
ROYAL FREE HOSPITAL, Gray's-inn-road.—The
Weekly Board beg thankfully to ACKNOWLEDGE the RE¬
CEIPT of £10 10s., per Capt. Watkins, from Henry Ritchie, Esq., in
aid of the funds of this Charity. —Board room, Aug. 16, 1864
IF JOHN BARNES (some time since called John
Baker) will CALL and see Mr. CHARLES COLLINS, South-villa,
Lessness-heath, in the county of Kent, he will RECEIVE MONEY
deposited for him in the Post-Office Savings Bank. Aug. 6, 1866.
CAPTAIN WEATHERALL, formerly of New
tate the sales. The HEIRS of this gentleman may HEAR of
SOMETHING to their ADVANTAGE. Apply, by letter only, to
Weatherall, care of G. Street, 30, Cornhill, E.C.
MISSING, since the 10th July last, a GENTLE¬
MAN; supposed to have been drowned in the river Thames,
between Richmond and Kew, Age about 33 years, height 5 feet 6 inches,
complexion dark, eyes blue (dark), hair, beard, and moustache brown;
dress, light vest and trousers, white cotton drawers, and white shirt
flannel waistcoat, and side spring boots; secks, shirt, and drawers
marked E. M.—FIVE POUNDS REWARD will be paid by the pro¬
prietor of the Hotel Coute, 21, Golden-square, W., to any one giving
information as will lead to the discovery of the above. Information
can also be given at the police station at Isleworth.
LOST.—LEFT in a FOUR-WHEELER, on June 29
DESPATCH BOX, in a black leathern case. The word
umbleton" is printed on the case, and the initials "E. H." on the
box (which contains nothing of value to any one but the owner). The
porter at the Union Club is instructed to receive the box, and the
person restoring it shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LEFT, in a Railway Carriage on the Midland and
North Stafford Lines, or in a Cab in London, a small BROWN
PAPER PARCEL, containing letters and papers of no use to any
one but the owner. Whoever will cause the same to be forwarded to
Messrs. Woodhouse and Jeffcock, 11, Great George-street, Westmin¬
ster, or Derby, shall be REWARDED.
BAG LEFT in a CAB, on Friday, August 17, between
Piccadilly and Coleshill-street, containing money and articles,
lettered outside with the lady's name. A REWARD of ONE POUND
will be paid on its recovery.
pply to Mrs. Watts, 73, Coleshill-st., W.
THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—RACE¬
GLASSES, in a black, polished leather case, LEFT in a four¬
wheel CAB, taken from the Haymarket Theatre, Friday, 17th inst., to
the Great Northern Railway Hotel. Apply to Mr. Blagdon, 9, Maryle¬
bese-lane, W.
FOUND, STRAYING, a BAY MARE. Stands
14 hands high. Inquire at Sidcup Police Station, Footscray,
CAME ASTRAY, on Saturday last, a large BLACK
DOG. The owner can have it by applying to Mr. W. W. Sheath,
No. 264, Regent-street, and on paying expenses for this advertise¬
ment, &c.
SETTER and RETRIEVER FOUND, on Satuar¬
day, the 18th inst., in the neighbourhood of Wimbledon. The
ther can have them on paying expenses and sending description to
C. W. B., Mr. Way's, poulterer, Putney, S.W.
STRAYED, on Saturday, Aug. 18th, from the ad¬
dress engraved on its brass collar, a WHITE BULLDOG, with
brown spots on ears and tail. Whoever brings him back shall receive
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. No further reward will be offered.
Any one found in possession of the dog after this notice will be pro¬
secuted.
NOTICE. — Whereas on the 11th day of January,
1865, the Continental Daily Parcels Express forwarded from its
office, 53, Gracechurch-Street, London, by order of a person named
John Anderson, a CASE of ELECTRO-PLATED GOODS to him at
Brussels, and whereas such case was not withdrawn from the Custom¬
house in that city, but was returned from thence to the said Conti¬
nental Express office on the 1st of June, 1865, and has since remained
at the said office unclaimed, notice is hereby given, that unless the
said CASE be REMOVED within one month from the date hereof
the CONTENTS will be SOLD by AUCTION, to defray the charges
thereon.—JOHN GEORGE SMITH, Proprietor. —London, 53, Grace¬
church-street, Aug. 20, 1866.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 326.—
Golden-lane and Collier's-court, St. Giles, Cripplegate without, in
the city of London.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Vict.
chap. 53, take notice, that on the application of JOHN FISHER, of
No. 60, Cadogan-place, in the county of Middlesex, gentleman, the
Registrar of the Office of Land Registry intends, at the expiration of
three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an
indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS in Golden-lane and
Collier's-court, in the parish of Saint Giles, Cripplegate without, in the
city of London, in the tenure or occupation of Florentin Bonette, com¬
prising No. 21, Golden-lane (formerly known as No. 14, Golden-lane)
and Nos. 3, 4, 5, and 6, Collier's-court (formerly Nos. 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8,
Collier's-court), and also a part of the site of such court and which said
heriditaments are delineated on the map, No. 326, deposited in the
Office of Land Registry as part of the description of the same here¬
ditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with the mines
and minerals under the same. If any person object to, or
desire to show cause against, such registration, or claims that
the same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or
that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not
already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on
the register with reference to such hereditaments, such person may be
heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at
any time before the expiration of the said three calendar months from
the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit
or otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against, or to
make such claim in respect of, such registration. But any person desiring
to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating
the particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the
Office of Land Registry before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from
making the same. The said map of the said hereditaments deposited
in the Office of Land Registry may be inspected at the said office at
any time before the expiration of the said three calendar months from
the date hereof. —Dated this 21st day of August, 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
JOHN FISHER, Solicitor to the Applicant in person.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—The Manor of
Beoley, in the county of Worcester, and the Beoley Estate, in the
parishes of Beoley, in the county of Worcester, and of Tanworth, in the
county of Warwick, and the Advowson of the Vicarage of Beoley in
the county of Worcester.—In the matter of the Act of 25th and 26th
Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the applications of
ROBERT MOLE, of Beoley-hall, in the parish of Beoley, in the county
of Worcester, Esquire, the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry
intends at the expiration of three calendar months from the date here¬
of, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE (No. 282) the HERE¬
DITAMENTS called or known as the manor of Beoley, in the county
of Worcester, and also the heridetaments called or known as the
Beoley Estate, in the parishes of Beoley, in the county of Worcester,
and of Tanworth, in the county of Warwick, containing 1,661a. 0r. 22p.
or thereabout, partly in hand and partly in the tenures or occupations
of John Woolaston, jun., James Baker, Timothy Sharp, Edward Green,
John Jones, George Abbotts, and others, comprising among other
hereditaments (including numerous houses and land) Beoley-hall,
Beoley-hall Farm, Churchill Farm, the Poplars or Poplar-hill Farm,
farm near Holt-end, Hob-hill Farm, Pink-green Farm, Chapel Farm,
Bowling-green or Cross Inn, Powell's Holding, Whitmore's Holding,
Harris's Holding, Whateley's Holding, and King's Holding, and all
which said hereditaments, called the Beoley Estate, are delineated
on the map No. 282, deposited in the Office of Land Registry as
part of the description of the same hereditaments, and therein edged
with red, together with the mines and minerals under the same
hereditaments, called the Beoley Estate, and (No. 455) the advowson,
perpetual right of presentation, nomination, and right of patronage of,
in, and to the vicarage and parish church of Beoley, in the county of
Worcester. If any person objects to, or desires to show cause against,
such registration, or claims that the same should be subject to any
conditions or reservations or that any particular estate or incumbrance,
charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar,
should be entered on the register with reference to such hereditaments,
such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34,
Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said
three calendar months from the date hereof, personally or by his
solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objec¬
tion, or to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect
of, such registration. But any person desiring to make such objec¬
tion or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars
thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the said office,
before the expiration of the said three calendar months, otherwise he
will be excluded from making the same. The said map may be in¬
spected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the said
three calendar months. — Dated this 18th day of August, 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
THOS. WHITE and SONS, 11, Bedford-row, Solicitors to
the Applicant.
PROOF of GUN BARRELS. —TWENTY
POUNDS REWARD.—The Guardians of the Birmingham Proof¬
house hereby give notice, that the undermentioned PERSONS were,
on the 10th day of August, 1866, severally CONVICTED at Bristol,
before the City Magistrates, for offences against the Gun Barrel Proof
Act. 1855, such offences respectively consisting in the sale of one or
more small arms, the barrels of which had not been duly proved and
marked as proved under the said Act, and that a fine, with costs, was
inflicted in each case as undermentioned, viz.:—
Maurice Michael, No. 1, Bath-Street, Bristol, watchmaker, silver¬
smith, and dealer in guns, pistols, &c., was fined £5 in respect of the
sale of a revolver pistol, and £1 in respect of the sale of a saloon pistol.
John Cummins, No. 82, Redcliff-Street, Bristol, pawnbroker, was
fined £2 10s. each, in respect of the sale of two single-barrelled guns.
The said Guardians further give notice, that by the 100th section of
the above-mentioned Act, sub-section 2, it is enacted as follows:—
Every person selling or exchanging, or exposing or keeping for sale,
or exporting, or attempting to export, from England, any small arm,
the barrel or barrels whereof are not under this Act duly proved, and
marked as proved, shall, for every such barrel, forfeit not exceeding
£20."
And the said Guardians further give notice, that upon trustworthy
information of any other person or persons in the like case or cases
offending against the provisions of the said Act, they (the said Guar¬
dians) will prosecute, and upon conviction will pay a reward of £20 to
their informant.
Information may be given to the said Guardians at their Proof¬
house, in Banbury-street, Birmingham; or to the undersigned, their
law clerk.—August, 1864.
By order,
WILLIAM S. ALLEN, 35, Waterloo-street, Birmingham
Law Clerk to the Guardians of the Birmingham Proof¬
GUNMAKERS' COMPANY of LONDON.—
PROOF of BARRELS, under "The Gunbarrel Proof Act. 1855,"
—Whereas, immediately after the passing of the above Act, the Master
Wardens and Assistants of the Company of Gunmakers of London
drew the attention of the gun trade and the public generally to its pro¬
visions, and particularly to the rules and conditions precedent to proof
appended thereto, and there being afterwards reason to know that
many rifles in the hands of members of some of the volunteer brigades
had not been submitted to the test required by the Act, the Gun¬
makers' Company, on the 6th of January, 1860, addressed a letter on
the subject to the officers in command of all the volunteer brigades in
England and Wales, earnestly recommending an immediate inspection
of the arms of their several brigades, in order to ascertain if the same
had been duly proved, and in any cases of barrels found without any
proof marks, or with marks of a doubtful nature, if such barrels were
forwarded to the Proofmaster of the Company, Church-lane. White¬
chapel, London, that such barrels would be at once gratuitously in¬
spected, and the result communicated to the senders thereof ; of which
offer the commanding officers of many of the volunteer brigades availed
themselves, and the Gunmakers' Company now refers to the circum¬
stance for the purpose of repeating the offer then made to the officers
in command of the volunteer rifle regiments throughout England and
Wales; and whereas there is reason to fear, notwithstanding the means
adopted, and the convictions obtained against individuals for infringe¬
ments of the said Gunbarrel Proof Act, that many guns continue to be
sold and purchased, the barrels of which have never been exposed to
the test required by the following sections of the said Act, viz.:—
Section 87. "After the commencement of this Act, a barrel shall not
be used in the making of any small arm, unless the barrel have been
duly proved at the proof-house of the Gunmakers' Company, or at the
Birmingham proof-house, or at some other public proof-house esta¬
blished by law, and duly marked as proved. Section 88. "After the
commencement of this Act a small arm shall not be sold or exchanged,
or exposed, or kept for sale, or exported, unless the barrel or barrels
thereof have been duly proved at the proof-house of the Gunmakers'
Company, the Birmingham proof-house, or some other public
proof-house established by law, and duly marked as proved.
Section 91. "Any barrel marked as proved, if the mark of such proof
be at any time removed or altered, or so defaced as not to be distinguish
able, shall for the purpose of this Act be deemed an unproved barrel."
By section 100, No. 1, the penal consequences for committing any of
the above offences are £20 for every such barrel. Section 99. "Every
person who forges or counterfeits any stamp, or any part of any stamp,
already or hereafter provided or used by either of the two Companies
for the marking of any barrel, shall for every such offence be guilty of a
misdemeanour, and shall at the diseretion of the Court be sentenced to
imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for not more than three
years. All persons are therefore again seriously cautioned against
selling or purchasing any guns or pistols the barrels of which have not
been duly proved at one of the said proof-houses as mentioned in the
Gunbarrel Proof Act, 1855.
By order of the Master Wardens and Assistants of the
L
GEO. RUTHERFORD, Clerk.
Gunmakers' Proof-house, London, August 9, 1866.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE OFFICE (established 1857
at 5, Church-court, Clement's-lane, Lombard-street) REMOVED
to 13, Great Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons. Private, confidential, and
important inquiries conducted by JNO. LEWIS, 17 years an officer in
—
ERIAL CHAIR.—ILLUSTRATED PRO¬
SPECTUS on application to CHARLES POMEROY BUTTON,
Nos. 142 and 143, Cheapside, London.
FLEVATOR GUN.—ILLUSTRATED PRO¬
SPECTUS on application to CHARLES POMERCY BUTTON,
proprietor, 142 and 143, Cheapside, London.
RANTOONE.—ILLUSTRATED PROSPECTUS
on application to CHARLES POMEROY BUTTON, 142 and
143, Cheapside, London.
