—RECEIVED £2. Am going by Dr. Griffiths
orders to-day to Folkestone. Write immediately to post office
WARROW.—You trust best, trusting nobody. The
coast seems pretty clear.—POLLAKY, Paddington-green.
MAID of ATHENS to LITTLE UNCLE H.—Do,
for Mercy's sake, WRITE one word Without any tidings, can
t linger still in the old quarters, though it is the death of me
DICKSON.—ALFRED DICKSON, the son of
John Dickson and Harriett, the daughter of Samuel Toulmin,
formerly of Walbrook and East-place, Lambeth, is requested to
APPLY to Messrs. Rogerson and Ford, solicitors, 40, Chancer-lane,
London, W.C.
THOMAS CRANAGE.—A REWARD of ONE
GUINEA will be given for the ADVERTISEMENT calling for
the Heirs or Next of Kin of Thomas Cranage, of Clee-hill, Shropshire,
which appeared since 1st June last. Address S. Deacon and Co., 154,
Leadenhall-street.
LOST, in the city, a handsome OVAL GOLD
LOCKET, with band of blue enamel on each side, and with a
small gold chain attached. Name of owner engraved inside. Anyone
taking the same to Messrs. Marshall, Page, and Co., 3, Cross-lane, St.
Mary-at-Hill, will be well rewarded.
FIFTEEN POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, THREE
£100 TURKISH FIVE Per CENT. BONDS, 1865, Nos. 109,841,
109,853, and 49,888. These numbers have been stopped, and if not
produced within a month this reward will be withdrawn, as the bonds
will be cancelled and fresh ones issued in their place. No further
reward will be offered. Address Messrs. Clapham, Bros., 11, Throg¬
morton-street, city.
RE HOOKHAM.—MISSING, a SETTLEMENT,
dated in 1814, and other deeds.—A REWARD of £10 is offered
to any person giving information which will lead to their recovery.
Apply to Messrs. Tathams, Curling, and Walls, solicitors, 3, Frede¬
rick's-place, Old Jewry, London.
ALBERT ASSURANCE COMPANY.—Brother
Policyholders, read the article in the Investors' Guardian
newspaper of Saturday, the 11th instant. It may save us all from
the rum of litigation. Send for a copy, price 6d., to the Investors'
Guardian newspaper-office, 27, Change-alley, Cornhill, Lon
A LARGE POLICYHOLDER.
NOTICE to the GRANDCHILDREN of GEORGE
SKINNER, a brother of Joseph Skinner, late of Devonport, in
the county of Devon, quarterman of shipwrights, employed in His late
Majesty's Dockyard there, and afterwards a submeasurer in the same
yard, deceased.—To the CHILDREN of SOPHIA WILLIAMS, late
of Witney, in the county of Oxford, widow, one of the sisters-in-law of
the said Joseph Skinner, deceased; to the CHILDREN of MARIA
MOUNIER, also one of the sisters-in-law of the said Joseph Skinner,
deceased.—Whereas, by a decree of the High Court of Chancery, made
in a cause "Williams against Pearo, 1869, W., No. 126," the following
account and inquiries were, among other things, directed, namely—an
account of the pecuniary legacies given by the will of the said
Joseph Skinner, the testator in this cause, and payable after the
death of the said Sophia Skinner, the said testator's widow; an
inquiry who were the persons respectively entitled to such legacies
respectively; an inquiry who were the grandchildren of George Skinner,
a brother of the said Joseph Skinner, who died on 17th of February,
1835 ; also who were the children of the said testator's sister-in-law
Sophia Williams, the children of his sister-in-law Maria Mounier,
living on 17th November, 1868, the date of the death of Sophia Skinner,
the testator's widow, and whether any of them died since, and who
are the legal personal representatives of those (if any) who have so
died since; also an inquiry whether any of the grandchildren of the
said George Skinner, or of the children of the said Sophia Williams
(other than Charles Kevern Williams), or if whether the children of
the said Maria Mounier respectively who died before the said Sophia
Skinner left any issue living at the death of the said Sophia Skinner,
and any such grandchildren of George Skinner, children of Sophin
Williams (except as aforesaid), and children of Maria Mounier living,
such issue died respectively, and who are their respective legal personal
representatives;—All persons claiming to be entitled under the said
account and inquiries directed by the decree are, by their solicitors, as
to those residing in England on or before the 1st day of November, 1869,
and as to those residing out of England on or before the 21st February,
1870, to come in and prove their claims at the chambers of his Honour
the Vice-Chancellor Sir William Milbourne James, No. 11, New-square,
Lincoln's-inn, Middlesex; or, in default thereof, they will be peremp¬
torily excluded from the benefit of the said decree. Thursday, the
11th day of November, 1869, at 12 of the clock at noon, at the said
chambers, is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims
of the claimants residing in England, and Thursday, the 3d day of
March, 1870, at 12 of the clock at noon, at the said chambers, is ap¬
pointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims of those claimants
residing out of England. —Dated this 7th day of August, 1869.
HY. LEMAN, Chief Clerk.
WEDLAKE and LETTS, 3, Mitre-court, Temple, London,
Agents for Edmonds and Son, of Plymouth, Devonshire,
Plaintiff's Solicitors.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP
heretofore subsisting between us, the undersigned, Stephen Tayler
and Alfred Jones, carrying on business as canvass merchants and com¬
mission agents, at No. 34, Seething-lane, in the city of London, under
the style or firm of Tayler, Jones, and Co., is this day DISSOLVED
by mutual consent, and that the said business will in future be carried
on by the said Alfred Jones, who will receive and pay all debts owing
to or by the said partnership. —Dated this 4th day of September, 1869.
STEPHEN TAYLER.

Witness— Walter Webb, Solicitor, 27, Gresham-street.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—Although most of the respect¬
able clothiers and drapers throughout the metropolis, Liverpool,
Manchester, and Birmingham, and other towns, have entered into
arrangements whereby Messrs. NICOLLS PALETOTS and other
patented garments will be sold to the public at the customary retail
prices, it is, nevertheless, needful, and in order to prevent piracy, now
to advertise that the TRADE MARK of the firm is in each garinent,
and consists of a loop or suspender, on which is woven or stamped the
Arms of London and Paris, and between them the words "Nicoll's
Patent." The public are also Cautioned against the copyists of this
firm's advertisements describing the merits or pecuhlarities of the
several novelties introduced by them, and as they usually appear in a
full column of The Times and other journals. Information in refe¬
rence to any infringement should be addressed to the wholesale ware¬
house, 6, Fell-Street, Wood-street, London.
NOTICE.—The Postmaster-General having decided
that it is his duty to return to the writers, as "insufficiently
addressed," all letters directed without initials or number to "Smee
and Compy., Finsbury," John Henry Smee and Company urgently
request their correspondents to DIRECT their LETTERS and
ORDERS in full, as under.
JOHN HENRY SMEE and COMPY., 20, Finsbury-¬
pavement, Meo.
CAUTIONARY NOTICE.
CHAPPUIS' DAYLIGHT REFLECTORS.
Hereby CAUTION the public against ordering re¬
flectors of parties falsely representing themselves as the makers,
whereas I am the sole patentee, registered proprietor, and manufac¬
turer of the Myriastratic and Prismatic Reflectors. None are genuine
unless bearing the trade mark "Chappuis' Patents for Rellecting
Light." Proceedings will be instituted againt the offending parties.
Signed, P. E. CHAPPUIS, Patentee and Manufacturer,
No. 69, Fleet-street.
London, 20th August, 1869.
N.B. The price of the Universal Reflector for mills, &c., is 3s. per
square foot.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON,
bears the label used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby."
CAUTION.-WOOD TAPESTRY DECORATIONS
(HOWARD'S PATENT, No. 2,138).—All persons iffe cautioned
sgainst making or purchasing IMITATIONS.—26 and 27, Berners¬
atreet, Oxford-street, and Cleveland Works.
CAUTION.—VOIGTLANDERS OPERA and
RACE GLASSES.—The public are hereby cautioned against
imitations. The genuine bear the following inscription on the slides:—
Cailaguan, sole agent, 23a, New Bond-street, corner of Conduit-st.
CAUTION.—Pure Water.—The last improvement.—
Mr. LIPSCOMBES SELF-CLEANING CHARCOAL CISTERN
FILTER, patented by him in January last, has superseded every
other. It is an immense unprovement.—Temple-bar, London. Pro¬
spectus free.
CAUTION.—Our New Price Lists are obtainable,
free by post for two stamps.—The RAW HIDE GIRTHS, as
used in the Cape, Australia, and the back woods of America, &c., are
solely made in this country by us; likewise the extra-heavy all Fawn
Rugs, for use after cilpping, so celebrated in former years, and at the
ame prices.—A. DAVIS and Co., 14, Strand, London.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticans to the Government, beg to caution their customers
agamst purchasing spectacles of rravellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted and registered achromatic lenses should
apply only direct to them, at 3s, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
CAUTION.—PLLISCHERS QUEEN'S READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPE LAMPS, as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family.—The pubhic are CAUTIONED against
inferior imitations. M. Pillisener, optician, 88, New Bond-street, being
the sole inventor and manufacturer of these celebrated lamps. Draw¬
ings and prices post free. No agents.
CAUTION.—PETTIT and Co., 450, 460, 461, New
Oxford-street, are the INVENTORS and PATENTEES of the
AMIANTH GAS FILE. No sisoky ceilings with their patent Mrca
Covers, boiling and kettle stands, hot plates, stoves for cooking and
heating fitted with their patent air and gas burners, boilers for baths,
conservatories, engines, hot-water work, gas bttings, electrical bells.
Estimatee free.
SAUTION to PURCHASERS of STEEL PENS.—
JOSEPH GILLOTT, pen maser to the Queen, having been in¬
formed that hawkers and others vending steel pens frequently repre¬
sent themselves falssly as being his travellers and coming direct from
his establishment, desires to caution the public against such impostors,
and to stare that his representatives do not call upon consumers.—
Victoria Works, Birmingnam.
CAUTION.—The NEW VELLUM WOVE CLUB
HOUSE PAPER.—In consequence of the great suecess which has
attended the introduction of this incomparable paper, we find that
worthless imisations are being offered to the public under similar
names. We therefore caution the pubbc, and respectfally request
them to observe that each sheet bears as a watermas the above title,
without which none other is genuine. Legal proceedings will be laken
against any one using this our registered mark. Sample packet post
free for 18 stamps.
(Signed) PARTRIDGE and COOPER, Sole Manufacturers and
Vendors, 192, Fleet-street, E.C.
CAUTION.—Ash's Kaffee Kanne, the best system of
making coffee known; Ash's celebrated Filtering Rerrigerator;
Aan's Piston Freezing Machine and Wine Cooler, used in all parts of
the worid; Ash's Improved Double-wall Ice Water Pitcher (with
inside tube), to be used with or without ice; Ash's noted Freezing
Powers; simpson's Seltzogenes, &c., are now the sole property of the
Piston Freezing Machene and Ice Company, who issue grauis a descrip¬
tive pamphles. Legal proceedings will be taken against any person in¬
fringing the company's patent rights.—PISTON FREEZING
MACHINE and ICE COMPANY, 3156, Oxford-street (near Hure¬
CAUTION.—Water Flitration. —Before purchasing
filters the pubhic is advised to read "Water, its Imputes and
Purification," price 2d., per post 3d. (to the meniea and cienicus pre¬
fessions gratis), as the majory of so-callen fifters are worse than use¬
less. Of the vital importance of pure water see leaning article in
The Times of July 31st. The only substance when removen orgame
and other poisonous ingredients in water is animas charcoal, with
which this Company's patent cistern and other hiters are sole.y filled.
The Registrar-General, Sir Wm. Jenner, and the dlite of the mesheal
profession have adopted the patent cistern filters, which can only be
had in London at the LONDON and GENERAL WATER-PURIFY¬
ING COMPANY'S depot, 157, Strand, four doors from Somerset¬
house, where the filters can be seen in operation, and tull particulars
obtained. These filters can be rented in London the same as gas-meters,
from £1 to £1 10s. per annum. Upwards of 1,000 are now rented.
SPECIAL NOTICE.—E. MOSES and SON'S
ESTABLISHMENTS will be CLOSED on WEDNESDAY, the
1oth inst., and Re-opened as usual on Thursday morning, the 16th inst.,

E. Moses and Son, ready-made and bespoke tailors, habitmakers,
woollendrapers, hatters, hosiers, boot and shoe manufacturers, and
general outfitters for anl classes.
London Houses.
Corner of Minories and Aldgate.
New Oxford-street, corner of Hart-street.
Corner of Tottenham-court-road and Euston-road.
ountry Branch, Bradford, Yorkshire.
PHRENOLOGY.—Dr. DONOVAN may be con¬
sulted from 11 to 5 o'clock.—166, Strand, opposite Exeter-hall.
MONOGRAMS, at FISHER'S, 188, Strand. Also
Grests and Initials engraved on dressing bags, portmanteaus
and despatch boxes. Catalogues postirec.
MONOGRAMS (MOURNING STATIONERY), at
HENRY RODRIGUES', 42, Piccadilly. —Black-bordered note¬
paper and envelopes, every width of border, stamped in black relief.
Memorial cards and return thanks of the newest patterns.
ONOGRAMS.—RODRIGUES' MONOGRAMS.
Arms, crests, and addresses designed, and steel dies engraved as
gems. Notepaper and envelopes stamped in colour relief, and bril¬
antly illuminated in the hignest style of art. Stationery of every
description, of the very best quality, at H. Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly.
MONOGRAMS.—Novel and unique Designs.—A
pretty Present.—Five quires thick note and 100 thick envelopes
(high flap), stamped in four colours, any two or three initials, for 5s.
die not charged. Specimens one stamp.—J. MACMICHAEL, heraldic
stationer to Her Majesty the Queen, 207, King's-road, London, S.W.
NOTICE.—Mr. C. F. HANCOCK, senior partner
of the firm of C. F. Hancock, Son, and Co., 39, Bruton-street,
corner of Bond-street, begs respectfully to inform his patrons that he
will retire from business at the end of the present year; the firm
for the future will consist of his son, Mr. Mortimer Hancock, Mr.
stewart, and Mr. Dore, In consequence of the retirement of the senior
partner, the whole of the valuable stock of DIAMONDS, Jewellery,
Plate, and Works of Art, in gold and silver, is now being SOLD at
greatly reduced brices.
