THERE is a second letter for PA, at the same post¬
office, from H., if PA will only WRITE for it.—4.
—You did not leave your address. Let us
know your whereabouts immediately. Something important
to communicate. Fear you are ill. All right here.—Bush-hill.
A SINCERE FRIEND to Mr. B—y is informed
that the REPORT has already been CONTRADICTED in
England and America.—A. I. M. B.
THE SECRETARY of the LONDON FEVER
HOSPITAL very gratefully ACKNOWLEDGES the RECEIPT
of HALF a £50 BANK of ENGLAND NOTE, No. A over W 94440,
from "Hon Secours.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, in a shop,
Regent-street, Oxford-street, a DOUBLE EYE-GLASS in tor¬
tolseshell. The above reward on returning it to 5, Cadogan-place,
Sloane-street.
THREE GUINEAS REWARD.—STRAYED from

 Regent-street, on Monday evening last, a
FIVER and WHITE POINTER BITCH; answers to the name of
ta.
hor.
old. The above reward will be given to any per¬
son bringing her to 117, Bishopsgate-street within, E.C.
FOUND, on Friday afternoon, September 15th, at
the Great Northern Station, Doncaster, a PURSE, containing
money. The owner can have it by sending a description to the Station¬
master, Midland Railway, Nottinghan.
NOTICE of SALE.—Notice is hereby given, that
if the FIVE CASKS GREASE, marked D. 1-5, lying at
Brooks' Wharf, in the name of P. W. England, are NOT FETCHED
AWAY before the 28th September next, they will be SOLD to defray
the charges incurred.
NEXT of KIN (important—never before pub¬
lished).—A classified and descriptive INDEX (of 16,000 names)
to ADVERTISEMENTS for NEXT of KIN, Chancery heirs, legatees,
persons wanted, and unclaimed money; also of British subjects who
have died intestate in the colonies, sent post free for 30 stamps. Ad¬
dress Mr. CULLMER, 6, Holland-street, Clapham-road, London, S.
THIRD and LAST INSERTION.—To the
Daughters of George Turney, formerly of Acton, Middlesex, or
their Representatives.—By the will of Mrs. Mary Ann Turney for¬
merly of Chipping Campden, Glocestershire, the widow of James
Turney, of the same place, LEGACIES of £250 were bequeathed to
each of the TWO DAUGHTERS of GEORGE TURNEY, the late
brother of her deceased husband, formerly residing at Acton afore¬
said, and the testatrix directed that in case her trustees or trustee
should, when the said legacies became payable, be unable to ascertain
the residences of her said nieces, they should insert an advertisement,
requiring the said legatees to claim their respective legacies, three
times in The Times and one other London newspaper, and in case no
claim should be made by her said nieces, or either of them, upon her
executors for such legacies within 12 months after the last of such in¬
sertions, the said legacies thereinbefore bequeathed to them, or to
either of them, who might omit to claim the same within the period
abovementioned, should sink into and form part of the residue of her¬
(the testatrix's) estate ; and she directed that the several legacies by
her will given should be vested at her decease, and be paid without in¬
terest at the end of three months next after the decease of her step¬
daughter Ann Gardner; and she appointed George Russell Bedford,
since deceased, and William Kendall, of Bourton-on-the-Water, Glo¬
cestershire, gentleman, her trustees and executors. The testatrix died
on the 27th June, 1856, and the said Ann Gardner died on the 1st day
of June, 1865. Notice is hereby given to the said daughters of the said
George Turney, or their representatives, that if no claim be made by
them, or either of them, upon the undersigned William Kendall, the
surviving trustee and executor of the will of the said Mary Ann
Turney, for such legacies, on or before the 30th day of September, 1866,
the legacies of the parties omitting to make such claim will sink into
the residue of the testatrix's estate and be distributed among her
residuary legatees. — Dated the 6th day of September, 1865.
 KENDALL, Bourton-on-the-Water Glocestershire.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
theNEXT of KIN if
and others having an interest in the
personal estate of MARTHA SHAROOD, formerly of
24. New¬

ta ate, in the e cit ete
on,  at eon

street, Islington, in the county of Middlesex, spinster, dece

died at No. 15, St. Peter's-street aforesaid, on the 24th January, 1865,
notice is hereby given, that a CITATION has issued, under seal of
Her Majesty's Coo o o o e.
dated the 18th September, 1865, citing
vou, within eight days after service thereof, to cause an appearance to
be entered for you in the Principal Registry of the said Court, and
acceopt or re
se letters of a  in
to on o ene
se o na l est ete
and
ffects of the above deceased, or show cause why the same

be granted to Henry Revell Reynolds, Esq., the so ie.

of
ae r  jestys rre a e.
and

se at ofice, for Her
Miatesty s.
ewith an intimation that, in default of your so appearing,
such letters of administration will
ss
gran
A
F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
F. H. Dyke, Esq., Her Majesty's Procto.
REGISTRATION.—Borou o.
tie
oer
an.
ts.—Notice is hereby given, that THOMAS HULL TER¬
Ba L, Esq., barrist.
lay

ten
toe te by the Lord
Chief Justice of England to REVISE the LIST of VOTERS for the
BOROUGH of the TOWER
A L ETS, will hold his Court for that
purp¬
te n the Court-house, in Wellclose-square, situate w

said borough.
Thursday, the 5th day of o e
at 11 of the

 forenoon precisely
 sec. 35 of C Vio., cap. 18, the returning officer and the several
overseers of the respective parishes within the said borough, are re¬
quired to attend the Court of the Revising Barrister, and at the opening
of the said Court to deliver to the Revising Barrister the list of voters
made by them respectively, and also all the original notices of claims
and objections received by them, and to produce all rate-books, docu¬
ments, papers, and writings in their possession, custody, or power,
touching any matter necessary for revising the respective lists of voters.
Dated this 1st day of Soptember, 1865.
HENRY CHILD, Returning Officer for the said Borough.
King Edward's-road, Hackney, and No. 2, Paul's Bake
house-court, Doctor's-commons, city.
OLD HUMMUMS HOTEL, Covent-garden, Lon¬
don, 15th September, 1865.—Notice to Customers.—The pro¬
prietor begs to return sincere thanks for the kind support enjoyed for
so many years, and regrets to announce that the HOTEL will be
CLOSED on Monday, the 18th instant, in consequence of the expira¬
tion of the lease, of which a renewal cannot be obtained, as the house is
about to be pulled down, the site being required by the Duke of Bed¬
ford for the extension of Covent-garden-market. All articles of luggage
not removed from the hotel by the 29th instant will be deposited at a
warehouse, and if not claimed within 12 months will be sold to defray
expenses. It is requested that all outstanding accounts may be paid
to Messrs. Few and Co., solicitors, 2, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden,
W. C., to whose care all communications may be addresse
BRENTWOOD FAIR.—Notice is hereby
ivene, theat
in consequence e.
the contagions disease prevailing among the
cattle in this country, NO CATTLE wil
A A AMAITTED for SA E on
the lands and grounds of C..T. Tower, Esq., or his tenant, Mrs.
Gadaden, on the approachinges
tae i ea ys, established by ancient cha
er,
on the 16th and 17th of Octo.

Sheep and on


13.
CHOCOLAT MENIER.—MENIER's FRENCH
CHOCOLATE.—Notico, is hereby given, that legal proceedings
will be taken under the Merchandise Marks Act, 1862, 25 and 26 Vic.
cap. 88, against any person or persons fraudulently making use of the
trade mark, or the signature, Menier, on the seal or cover, together
with colour of wrapper form of cakes, &c., arrangement of label,
or otherwise, with the intention of deceiving the public by causing

toete to be sold for the genuine Chocolat
Menier. F. TRUEFITT, Solicitor, 4, Essex-court, Temple,
London.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—MURRAY and SON,
Blind Makers to Her Majesty, have REMOVED from Albert¬
gate to 90, Brompton-road, Knightsbridge.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—30 per Cent, Reduction
in Price.—Messrs. CLARK and Co., sole patentees of self-coll¬
ing Revolving Shutters, beg to announce that they have completed
their extensive works at Rathbone-place, Oxford-street, where all
communications must now be addressed.
FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.—JNO. WARD,
invalid chair manufacturer, &c., begs to inform the nobility and
gentry that his business is carried on at No. 12, Leicester-place, until
the Saville-house premises are rebuilt.
IN consequence of the Jewish Holydays E. MOSES
and SON's ESTABLISHMENTS will be CLOSED THIS DAY

(Fridayl as
 Saturday evening, the
 inst, at 5.30.
—E. Moses and Son, Minories and Aldgate, New Oxford-street

tTottenhan
t-road (corner of Euston-road),
also Bradford, Yorkshire.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, established 1852,
at 20, Devereux-court, Temple.—INQUIRIES made for noble¬
men, gentlemen, solicitors, railway and insurance companies. Lon¬
don D. Telegraph Station on the premises.
RANTOONE, adult size, 12 guineas.—This unique
carriage can be propelled by the hands and feet at the rate of
from 6 to 10 miles an hour, and will ascend ordinary hills with ease.
It is light, compact, and symmetrical in appearance, and will be found
unequalled as a means of healthy, agreeable exercise and amusement
By its pecullar action, all the principal musoles of the body are brought
into play, and thus judiciously developed, none being over-taxed, an

in rowing, fencing, dumb-bell exercise, &c.—CHARLES
POMEROY BUTTON, Proprietor, 142 and 143, Cheapside, London
MAGIC LANTERNS.—£5 Educational Set, con¬
sisting of best made lantern, with 3 in, condensors, &c., 43
movable and stationary astronomical diagrams, 48 natural history
subjects, four movable amusing slides, and one adien chromatrope.
in case, and guaranteed of superior quality.—S. and B.
SOLOMONS, opticians to the Government, 59, Albemarle-st., Piccadilly.
MAGIC LANTERNS and DISSOLVING VIEWS.
—Lanterns and slides from 7s. 6d.; Newton's celebrated and
greatly improved phantasmagoria lanterns, as supplied to Government,
complete in case, £3 3s. The slides are painted on the premises by first-¬
rate artists. Any subject to order. Newton's improved apparatus can
only be had at their establishment. Illustrated price lists for three
stamps.—NEWTON, manufacturing optician to the Queen, H.R.H.
the Prince of Wales, and the Govemment, 3, Fleet-street, Temp
te
BREECH-LOADERS.—The finest assortment in
London, comprising all the best and most approved systems, viz
double-grip lover guns, spring-action, self-closing, &c., lockfast, and
others; the very best central-fire direct action. Cartridge cases, 35s.,
38s., and 50s. per thousand. The latest improved cartridge apparatus.
—E. M. REILLY and Co., 502, New Oxford-street.
AUSTIN, SEELEY, and Co., 371-375, Euston-road,
near the Regent's-park, Manufacturers of FOUNTAINS,
Flower Vases (to 10 feet diameter), sun dials, baskets, baptismal fonts.
statues, and small figures, balustrading, garden seats, ornaments for
gate piers, and chimney-tops.
BANSOME's PLOUGHS won the champion prize
at the three first All England Ploughing Matches this autumn.
In the summer and autumn, 1864, these ploughs, after most severe
competition, won more first class prizes than were ever won in the
same time by any maker. Prices and drawings gratis.—Orwell Works,
ASSER and SHERWIN.
A.
INIATURE BILLIARD TABLES.
BAGATELLE BOARDS.
WEDDING PRESENTS.
IRTHDAY GIFTS.
D.
CATALOGUES of the above post free.—ASSER and
SHERWIN, 81, Strand, W.C.
NOOD TAPESTRY (HOWARD's PATENT),
for covering walls, ceilings, and other surfaces with real wood, at
a less cost than painting and graining. Designs and estimates free.—
Howard and Sons, decorators and upholders, 26 and 27, Berners-street,
Oxford-street, W
PARQUETS SOLIDAIRES.—HOWARD and
SONS, 26 and 27, Berners-street, are prepared to supply machine¬
made patented solid PARQUET FLOORS 50 percent, cheaper than
they have been yet offered. Illustrated catalogues, plans, and esti¬

NOBEL's PATENT BLASTING OIL
NITRO¬
R    
EG eo
mpleting of blasting
perations—
perfect securi oe
gand charging—tamping with water or loose.
sand—great saving in labour If the blasting of a certain quantity of

boring, at 4d. per foot, £1 13s. 4d.;
151b, of gunpowder, at 5d. per lb., 6s.
.—£119s. 7d. Wo effe t e e
same work with 10 feet of 1-inch boring, at 4d. per foot, 3s. 4d.; 14lb.
of nitre-glycerine, at 3s. per lb., 4s. 6d.—7s. 10d. Showing a saving of
£1 11s. 9d. Apply to C. F. Cusel, 64, Wood-street, E.C. The judges
of the Royal Cornwall Polytechnic Society awarded their first silver

PORTABLE CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS, on Bur¬
gess and Key's Patent Swivel Carriage.—This is a great improve¬
ment on the old plan, as it dispenses with the swivel joint formerly
used with these pumps; also their improved Water Lift for horse or
ock power. Full particulars to be obtained at BURGESS and
KEY's, 95, Newgate-street. London.
Second-hand high-pressure ENGINE, 20-horse
power, WANTED, in London, for sawmill purposes. Apply, by
ly, stating price and particulars, to A. B., Messrs. Field and
Tuer's, 136, Minories, E.C.
MONUMENTAL BRASSES, Crosses, and Inscrip¬
tion Plates for Churches; armorial bearings and crests engraved
tal, steel dies stones, &c. (as exhibited in 1851.
62),  E.

heraldind
gray
1.7, O orde-sete esta.

1810.
ONUMENTAL.-IMPERISHABLE IN
HERIP¬
WT

ID LEAD as introduced from Italy, with unfail¬
ing success, by Mr. E.J.
SOHYSICK, sculpton.
tre nly t
obtained at
The Monumental Works, 136, Marylebone-road, adjoining Baker-street,
London. Designs for memorial sculpture, monuments, tablets, &c.,
forwarded upon application, stating particulars, &c., to Mr. Threick.
