D.T. has RECEIVED the FIRST HALF of FIFTY
POUNDS.
TIME and time over time for ever flown, Mimil
Serpent, Dove, and Geranium still never.—MONTIE.
VINDICATOR.—THANKS for LETTER. Write
as to identity. Call, if possible. Most important.—M.
AC. IBBS, I.N.—Your mother is dead. COMMU¬
NICATE at once with J. M'C. E., 2, Houghton-place, N.W.
SHOULD this MEET the EYE of M. A. H., it is to
inform her that her FATHER, Mr. Salter, of Landport, is now
lying DEAD.
to S.— Will you CALL for LETTER at the old
place in Camden-town. I see you have returned. It is seven
years next July since you had the last letter
CONSTANTINE KRAMER.—INFORMATION
is desired by the Russian Consulate, No. 32, Great Winchester¬
street. E.C., respecting CONSTANTINE KRAMER (or CRAMER),
a native of Russia, who died about two years ago in London.
CLARKE HARTER BAISTOL.—A TELEGRAM
from Wather Garines, Melbourne, for the above, has been re¬
ceived by Renter's Telegram Company (Limited), 5, Lothbury, Lon¬
don, but cannot be delivered, the address being insufficient.

ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—
Whereas a warrant was, on the 15th day of December last, issued
from the Mansion-house against Montague Leverson, 66, Bishopsgate¬
street within, London, and 20, Wilmot-road, Daiston, N.E., solicitor,
who has absconded, charged with having misappropriated 18 New South
Wales Government Debentures, Series A, £100 each, dated 1st July,
1856, to 1st July, 1876, and numbered 3,467 to 3,469, 3,472 to 3,476, 3,479
to 3,488, the property of Mr. Charles H. Salmon, 8, Carlton-square,
New-cross, Surrey, S.E. Payment of coupons and principal has been
stopped. Description.—About 5 feet 5 inches high, dark black hair, and
small whiskers round the face, sallow complexion, thin, about 35 years
old, dresses in black, of the Jewish persuasion. The above reward of
£100 will be paid by Mr. Charles H. Salmen, as above, to any person
who shall give such INFORMATION as will lead to the apprehension
of the said MONTAGUE LEVERSON, and recovery of the property,
Information to be given to Inspector Hamilton, City of London Police
Detective-office, Old Jewry, E.C.—London, 21st Feb., 1867.
LOST, on Sunday, in Gower-street, near corner of
Keppel-Street, a GARNET BROOCH. Any person finding the
same and bringing it to 52, Gower-street, W. C., shall be rewarded.
LOST, from an omnibus, between Regent-circus and
St. John's-wood, on the 18th inst., a BLACK LEATHER BAG,
containing keys, papers, gloves, &c. TEN SHILLINGS REWARD will
be paid if brought to 8, St. John's-wood-park, N.W
LOST TWO CUSTOM-HOUSE-QUAY DOCK
WARRANTS for two quarter-casks brandy, ex Alford, Capt.
Ellis (a) Charente, marked N. EL. 5 k 16. Entered by Nash and
Leinard, 4th Dec., 1866. Warrants numbered 1685 and 1686. Whoever
has found the same is requested to bring them to W.Tennant, 21, Bed¬
ford-row, Helborn.
LOST, a BANK POST BILL, of which the follow¬
ing is a copy:—"Bank Post Bill.—No. R. 6631.—London, 19
February, 1867.—At seven days' sight I promise to pay this, my sold
bill of exchange, to Messrs. T. Clark, Sons, or order, twenty-nine
pounds, eighteen shillings, and eightpence sterling, value received of
them.—Accd. 19 Febur., 1867.—Geteekend.—T. T. Simpson.—For
the Governors and Company of the Bank of England.—Geteekend.—
S. W. Bacied.—£ Twenty-nine 18-8.—Entd. G. K.
LOST DEEDS.—FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—
TWO DEEDS, dated respectively the 27th June, 1851, and 2d
January, 1855, relating to a house and premises in Shakespeare-road,
Hornsey, Middlesex, posted at the General Post-office, St. Martin's¬
le-Grand, on the 25th February, 1867, have not since been heard of.
Whoever will bring the same to Messrs. Aldridge, Bromley, and
Thorn, 31, Bedford-row, London, shall receive the above reward. No
further reward will be offered.
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST, on Sunday
evening, April 21st. 1867, between Bishop's-road and Delamere¬
street, a small HANDBAG, containing a purse, with about 2s., and a
bag of pence, pencil, one key, &c. Apply to T. W. Key, bookseller,
No. 18, Westbourne-place, W.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the road
between Totteridge and Hampstead, on Saturday, the 13th inst.,
a RUSSIA LEATHER POCKET-BOOK, containing one £10 Bank of
England note, five £5 ditto (numbers known and stopped at the Bank),
some visiting cards "F. H. Stafford O'Brien," and a few postage
stamps. Whoever will bring the above to Messrs. Hallett and Co.,
No. 5, Trinity-place, Charing-cross, shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, a GOLD WATCH KEY, with stone. May
be obtained by applying at 143, Great Portland-street, Portland-¬
ce, W.
FOUND, on the 4th inst., near Charing-cross Sta¬
tion, a SABLE MUFF, having an article inside, bearing a name.
Apply at 8, New-street, Spring-gardens, S.W.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £38 0s. 10d. Reduced 3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of WILLIAM
GOVER, of Lee-park, Lewisham, Kent, Esq., and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the Dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 10th October, 1856;—
Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three months from
this date the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon
paid, to William Gover, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £2,000 Reduced £3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of MADELINE
HELEN. MARGARET AULDJO, of Noel-house, Kensington,
spinster, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in con¬
sequence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the
5th April, 1857 ;— Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon Paid, ito Comyns Rowland Berkeley, sole executor of
Madeline Helen Margaret Auldjo, deceased, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim

MIDDLESEX ELECTION, 15th April, 1867.—
Netice is hereby given, that all persons who have any BILLS,
Cuarges, or Claims upon HENRY LABOUCHERE, Esquire, M.P.,
for or in respect of the above election, are to send in such bills, charges,
or claims, within one month from the 15th April instant, to the under¬
signed, agent for election expenses in the said election, otherwise such
persons will be barred
otheir rights to recover the same, or any part
thereof.
THOMAS GILBERT, Jun., Parlamentary Agent.
No. 47, Charing-cross, S.W.
IMPROVEMENT of the PORT of ODESSA.—
The Ministere des Voies de Communication at St. Petersburg,
having opened a COMPETITION for the WORKS connected with
the IMPROVEMENT and the ENLARGEMENT of the PORT of
ODESSA, has received the projects presented by engineers of various

The Special Commission by whom these projects have been
examined has given the preference to the project of Mr. Hartly,
English engineer, and has awarded him the first prize, of 8,000 roubles.
The second prize, of 2,000 roubles, has been accorded to Mr. Van
Krug, engineer, of Odessa.
The authors of these two projects above mentioned are to address
themselves to the Chancellerie of H.E. the Governor-General of South
Russia and Bessarabia, at Odessa, for the prizes awarded to them.
The other engineers who have taken part in the competition are
requested to apply, in St. Petersburg, to the Direction des Communica¬
tions Fluviales of the Ministere des Voies de Communication, before
the 13th January, 1868, in order to receive back their projects.
WORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Richmond Union..—I, the undersigned J. H. Mitchiner,
Auditor of the abovenamed district, do hereby give notice, that I have
appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the RICHMOND UNION,
and of the parishes therein contained, for the Half-year ended the 25th
of March, 1867, to commence on Tuesday, the 7th day of May next, at
10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Union Workhouse, Richmond, Surrey,
when and where all persons who by law are bound to account at such
audit are required to attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills,
and vouchers containing or relating to the accounts or to moneys as¬
sessed for and applicable to the Relief of the Poor.
J. H. MITCHINER, District Auditor.
Dated the 22d day of April, 1867.
SEA.—Caution.—Persons requiring berths for ap¬
prentices and boys in the merchant service are CAUTIONED
against replying to advertisements inserted by unauthorized persons
styling themselves agents, captains, shipbrokers, shipowners, &c. An
account of the persons recently convicted for unlawfully obtaining
money under the pretence of finding employment for boys and
others on board ship, together with an official list of persons who can
legally engage boys and others for merchant ships, may be obtained
(gratis and post free) on application to the Registrar-General of Sea¬
men, 6, Adelaide-place, London-bride.
DUC de MONTEBELLO's CHAMPAGNES.—
Caution.—Whereas an INJUNCTION in Chancery has been
obtained in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Gemmer," restraining
the defendant and all others from selling or parting with sundry cases
of Rhenish wine, imported from Rotterdam, containing bottles bearing
imitation Duc de Montebello labels and corks, and further prohibiting
the importation or saie of all wines bearing such imitation labels or
corks; and whereas, in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Jebens," tried
in the Tribunal Correctionnel of Havre, a parcel of 250 cases, contain¬
ing 3,000 bottles of wine, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello labels
and corks, scized by the French Customs' authorities (the said spurious
wines having been sent from Germany and Havre to be thence shipped
to England, and thus, through the colourable importation from a French
port, to avoid de ection on arrival here), were adjudged to be confis¬
cated; all persons are hereby cautioned against dealing with spurious
Champagnes bearing imitation Duc de Montebello labels and corks.
TAMPLIN and TAYLER, 156, Fenchurch-street, E.C.,
Solicitors to the Plaintiff.
R. SYMONDS and SON, 3, Ingram-court, 167, 168, Fen¬
church-street, E.C., Agents to the Plaintiff.
DUC de MONTEBELLO's CHAMPAGNES.—
R. SYMONDS and SON direct the special attention of the trade
to the preceding CAUTION, as renewed attempts are being made to
introduce spurious wines, bearing forged Duc de Montebello labels and
corks. These spurious wines are mosily imported via Rotterdam.
NOTICE and CAUTION.—The Vincyards of the
late Signor Lablache, near Naples.— Having completed negotia¬
tions with the eminent Signor Thalberg, son-in-law and successor of
the late Signor Lablache, whereby I have become sole proprietor of
the produce of these celebrated Vineyards, at Posilippo, which have
gained such renown under their careful culture, I hereby give notice
that the first instalment of the Wines of the vintage 1863, bottled
in 1865, is already shipped in my name, and on arrival can be tasted
and procured only at my establishment, 203, Regent-street, where also
decumentary evidence of the truth of the above can be seen.
Naples, 23d March, 1867. T. W. STAPLETON, 203, Regent-street. W.
WESSRS. SWAN and EDGAR, with a view to re¬
move all misapprehension as to their HOUR of CLOSING on
SATURDAYS, beg to announce that they have adopted FOUR
o'CLOCK on that day, all the year round, as the hour best adapted to
the convenience of the public and to promote the rsterests both of em¬
ployers and employed.—39 to 53, Regent-street, and 9 to 11, Piccadilly
CAUTION.—Trade Marks Act.—Users of crucibles
arecautioned against IMITATIONS of the PATENT PLUM¬
EAGO CRUCIBLES, manufactured under Morgan's patent. None
are genuine unless stamped in full, MORGAN's PATENT The Patent
Plumbago Crucible Company, Sattersea Works, London, S.W.
CAUTION.—HOWARD's PATENT WOOD
TAPESTRY.—Notice is hereby given, that Messrs. Howard and
Sons, of Berners-street, Oxford-street, have, by letters patent, regis¬
tered their invention of wond tapestry (for covering walls in lien of
painting), and notice is hereby further given, that they will take pro¬
ceedings against any person infringing the patent, or party privy
thereto, so as to protect the rights and privileges secured to them by
this patent.
JAS. GOREN, Solicitor to and for Messrs. Howard and Sons,
No. 29, South Moton-Street, Oxford-street, W.
REMOVAL.—STEPHEN SMITH (late Smith and
Nicholson), Duke-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, to 35, King-street,
Covent-garden (late the Garrick Club-house), N.B. The show rooms
will be closed in future at 2 o'clock on Saturdays.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—PELLATT and Co.,
glass manufacturers to the Queen, have REMOVED from
a Baker-street Bazaar to Portman-house, 25, Baker-street. W.
REMOVAL.—A. DAVIS, saddler and harness
maker, of 33, Strand, will shortly REMOVE to his new premises,
No. 14, Strand, two doors west of Charing-cross Station. The branches
at 72, Piccadilly, and Aldershot, remain unchanged.
WHAT is YOUR CREST, and What is Your
Motto?—Send name and county to CULLETON's heraldic
office, with 3s. 6d. for a plain drawing; in heraldic colours, 6s. The
arms of man and wife blended. The proper colours for servants'
livery. Fee 10s. Pedigrees traced. Crests engraved on seals, dies, or
book plates, 7s. 6d. The Manual of Heraldry, 3s. 6d. Culleton's
Book of Family Crests and Mottoes, 4,000 engravings, £10 10s., printed
in colours.—T. Culleton, seal engraver, 25, Cranbourn-street, corner
of St. Martin's-lane.
MONOGRAMS (PARKINS and GOTTO's),
Sketches by the first artists in London, and dies cut in the best
possible manner, at half the usual charges, and remain the property of
the customer. No charges made for plain stamping. Colour stamping
reduced to 1s. per 100. Nearly 40 hands for stamping being kept upon
the premises, P. and G. are enabled to execute orders to any extent with
great care and despatch. Parkins and Gotto, 24, 25, 27, and 28, Oxford¬
street, London, W. N.B. The largest stock in London of dressing cases,
bags, writing cases, and presents of all kinds.
MONOGRAMS, Crests, Arms, and Addresses
ENGRAVED in a tasteful and artistic manner, and properly
stamped in gold, colours, or beautifully illuminated, on the finest
uality note paper and envelopes.—At T. STEPHENSON's general
stationery warehouse, 99, Oxford-street, W., a few doors east of Re¬
gent-circus.
ONOGRAMS.—RODRIGUES' MONOGRAMS,
Arms, Crests, and Addresses, designed and engraved as gems of
art; steel dies engraved; note paper and envelopes stamped in colour
relief, and illuminated in the most elegant style; arms, erests, or mon
grams engraved on seals or rings.—At H. Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly, W.
