hat you will do will be right.
PAPILLON.—ENVOYEZ votre ADRESSE an bout
du monde.—ALIX.
—If it will suit you to meet me on the 30th inst.,
from between 3.45 to 4.15, and you will name some place in the
town where I am—not B remember.—I will try to be there ; but, if
not, do not blame me, as it will not be my fault. If the next day
would do better, please say so.—Good-bye, A.
IF NINA ROSS, who formerly resided in Blomfield¬

ohn's-wood, will SEND her ADDRESS to E. B., 26, Coleman-street,
E.C.she will oblige
THE NEXT of KIN of EDWARD COBB, late of
Orlestone, in the county of Kent, Labourer, who left England

near 9th Avenue, New York, in 1847, are requested to COMMUNI¬
CATE with and furnish full particulars of their title to Mr. James
Johnson of Warehorne, Kent; or to Messrs. Hallett, Creery, and
Furley, Solicitors, Ashford, Kent.—October 20th, 1877.
WANTED, the NAME and ADDRESS of the
LADY, who married a gentleman supposed to go in different
names. He is tall, fair complexion, had a very long beard, now over
middle age Says he belongs to the Jesuits and was in the American
war. Has a large bruise on ankle. If the lady or friends will commu¬
nicate by letter to C. Ryland, Esq., 10, Ann-Street, Birmingham, she
will hear of something greatly to her advantage.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock. Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £361 7s. 11d. Consolidated
£3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of THOMAS
CLARE, of Mose, parish of Qualt, Salop, gentleman, and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the Dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1867;—
Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends there¬
on paid to Thomas Nock, surviving executor of Thomas Clare,
deceased, who has claimed the same, unless some other clammant shall
ta appear and make out his claim thereto.
NATIONAL HOSPITAL for CONSUMPTION,
(on the separate principle), Ventnor. Patron, Her Majesty the
QUEEN.—The Board of Management thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEIPT of £52, from Mrs. Charles Turner and a like sum
from A Friend, per Mrs. Charles Turner, as DONATIONS to this un¬
endowed Hospital.—Offices, 12, Pall-mall, S.W. ERNEST MORGAN,
Secretary.
LOST, on Monday, 22d inst., between Albert-gate.
Knightsbridge, and Lower Seymour-street, a MASSIVE GOLD
BROOCH, mounted turquoise, shape of mushroom hat, with lock of
hair and name of Edgecomb. Whoever has found the same and will
take it to Mr. Hicks, 3, Lower, Seymour-street, Manchester-square,
shall be liberally REWARDED.
LOST, on Monday morning, probably in the Bays¬
water-road or Oxford-street, a SMALL BLACK MEMORAN¬
DUM BOOK, containing loose papers and

of no value to any but the owner. TEN SHILLINGS REWARD will
be paid if taken to Topping's Library, 36, Porchester-road, W. ; or to 5,
Bartholomew-close, E.C.
TWO SOVEREIGNS REWARD.—SMALL
LEATHER BAG LOST, containing papers and samples, of no
value to any one but the owner. Left under the seat of a second-class
carriage at King's-cross station upon the Metropotitan line. The
above reward will be paid to any one taking it to W. J. Davies and
Sons, Emery Mills, 24, New Weston-street, Bermondsey.
TWENTY-FIVE POUNDS REWARD. — Whereas
several ANONYMOUS LETTERS, containing libellous untruths,
ave ben posted in London, and sent to Mrs. Procter, of Lower
Edmonton; Mrs. Elmer, of Adelaide-terrace, Islington; and Mr. H.
Hoppe, of Lower Edmonton; the above reward will be paid to any
person giving such INFORMATION as will lead to the conviction
of the senders of the above letters. Apply to Mr. W. A. Plunkett,
Solicitor, 37, Gutter-lane, Cheapside.
THIRTY POUNDS REWARD.—Trinity-house,
London, 22d October, 1877.—Whereas, on the night of the 12th of
September ult., the East Oaze Buoy, moored at the enast end of the
Oaze Sand, at the entrance of the River Thames, was run foul of and
sunk at its station; and on the same night the Sheerness Middle
Buoy, moored off the entrance of the River Medway, was similarly
run foul of and sunk; and whereas the buoys in question have been
repeatedly ru foul of and damaged or removed from their stations
during the past year by some vessel or vessels unknown, supposed to
have been steamers, thereby endange ing the safety of shipping and
the lives and property embarked therein, the above reward will be
paid to any person who will give such INFORMATION to the
Corporation of Trinity-house, London, as to the name of the VESSEL
or vessels by which either of the buoys above named were struck,
and as to their owners, and the master in command at the time, as
will enable proceedings to be instituted against the master and
owners, or either of them, under the provisions of the Merchant Ship¬
ping Acts. Information to be forwarded to the undersigned,
ROBIN ALLEN, Secretary to the Corporation of Trinity¬
house, London.
Caution. Damage to Lights, Buoys, and Beacons.—Attention is
hereby calles to the penalty provided by the 414th section of the Mer¬
chant shipping Act. 1854, as follows, viz.:—
If any person wilfully or negligenth commits any of the following
offences, that is to say
Injures any lighthouse, or the lights exhibited therein, or an
buoy or beacon;
(2.) Removes, alters, or destroys any lightship, bucy, or beacon;
(3.) Rides by, makes fast to, or runs foul of any lightship or buoy,
He shall, in addition to the expenses of making geod any damage
so occasioned, incur a penalty not exceeding £5 0.
ROBIN ALLEN Sec
By order.
NOTICE.—The GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY
COMPANY.—Annual Clearance Sale of Unclaimed and other
Property left in the Company's possession.—Notice is hereby given,
that this Company will cause to be SOLD. on Wednesday, the 21st of
November next, at 11 o'clock in the forenoon, by public AUCTION,
at the Company's Terminus, King's-cross, all PROPERTY whatso¬
ever found upon their premises, or left in the carriages, or otherwise
being in their possession, and remaining unclaimed on the 30th Sep¬
tember, 1876, incluning all goods and articles of every description
which up to that date were and still are waiting delivery, either in
consequence of the neglect of senders or consignees thereof, or of
dispute having arisen between the senders and consignees, or
between the senders or consignees and the Company respectively, or
from any other cause.		ALEXANDER FORBES, Secretary.
Secretary's office, King's-cross Station, London, N., 15th Oct., 1877.
LONDON and ST. KATHARINE DOCK COM¬
PANY.—Rummage Sale of Goods.—Notice is hereby given, that
ander the powers of the London and St. Katharine Docks Act, 1864
(27 and 28 Vic, cap. 178), the Directors will cause to be put up to
AUCTION, at a Rummage Sale, on or about the 28th October inst.,
sundry parcels of GOODS (which have been in deposit at the London,
St. Katharine, and Victoria Docks several years), for the payment of
the rates, rent, and charges due thereon.
Particulars may be ascertained upon application at the Superin¬
tendent's offices at the respective Docks, and the proprietors of any of
the goods who may be desirous of preventing the sale thereof, may
do so upon payment of the rates, rent, and charges due upon the same
on or before the 29th instant.
Catalogues may be obtained of Messrs. Whatley, Rimmer, and Co.,
Brokers, 18, Mincing-lane, London.
By order,
T. W. GOLLET, Secretary.
London and St. Katharme Dock-house, 109, Leadenhall¬
street. E.C., 2d Oct., 187.
FOUR HUNDRED POUNDS for IMPROVED
CATTLE TRUCKS.—In order, if pos-ible, to mitigate the crueity
to whiou animals are subjected in railway carriages during their transit
from place to place, the Cemmittee of the Royal society for the Pre¬
vention of Crucity to Animals offer a PREMIUM of £100 f ra NEW
CATTLE TRUCK; also a Premium of £100 for Alterations of or
Auditions to Cattle Trucks at present in use ; also an additional
Premium of £100 to each successful competitor so soon as he shall
haveinduced a railway company to build 50 of his improved trucks,
and to bring the same into actual use on their line for the transport of
cattle.
Conditions.—The improved truck shall be suitable in gauge, dimen¬
sions, construction, material, &c., for the same purposes for which
cattle trucks are now used; the truck shall be roofed and provided
with spring buffers and axle springs, or other appliances to prevent
injuries to animals during shunting and sudden startings and stop¬
pages; the truck shall be provided with appointments in the carriages
for the supply of food and water to animais during the time when the
train is in motion, or with suitable arrangements for feeding and
watering them when it is stationary at a platform or siding (in which
case the contrivance submitted must include the necessary platform
or siding appointments), so as to prevent the removal of animals from
trucks for refreshment; the cost of the truck shall not be greatly in
excess of the cost of cattle trucks now in use, and the trucks shall be
satisfactory to the Judges.
Models must be constructed to soale (drawings cannot be received),
and must be delivered, with estimate of cost, to the undersigned, on
or before the last day of March next following; and the name and ad¬
dress of the competitor must be delivered at the same time in a sealed
envelope, and the motto or eipher of the competitor, corresponding
with the motto or cipher affixed to the model, must be written on the
outside of such envelope.
In order that competitors may, if so disposed, secure patent
rights, it should be stated that the models will be exhibited.
The names of gentlemen kindly consenting to act as Judges will
shortly be publishe.
JOHN COLAM, Secretary R. S. P. C. A., 105, Jermyn-street,
St. James's, London.
THE GERMAN SOCIETY of BENEVOLENCE
begs to announce the following SUCCESSFUL NUMBERS
of the three prizes, the gift of Her Imperial Mayesty the Empress of
Germany:—First prize, No. 423; second prize, No. 8,138; third prize,

N E
TELEGRAPH CODE, by which market re
ports, quotations, c.
rters, orders pen

ae es, sales, exchange,
statistics, &c., can be wired at a third of
adoeinary cost. Subscription
£3 3s. per copy. The Merchants Combination Telegram Code, compiled
for Messages to the East Indies, Australia, China, South
Ameries,
on a system by which t ie
de.
tin nt on in

cabled in one word. For copies, C. 182, care of H. Greenwood, Adver¬


FUNERALS.—BECKETT and SON'S superior
system of FUNERALS, with elegance, refinement, and sconomy.
The most recherché Funeral Furnishers extant suaranteed. — Ware¬
house, cerner of Prince of Wales and Kentish-town roads, N.W.
MARTH to EARTH.—REFORMED FUNERALS
upon the principle advocated in The Times, and dispensing
with all procession. Explanatory namphlet with list of charges gratis
on application.—LONDON NECROPOLIS COMPANY, 2, Lancaster¬
place, Strand, W.C. Patent Earth to Earth Coffins.
MONUMENTS, Tombs, and Mural Tablets in
Granite, Marble, or Stone Designs and Estimates forwarded
on application to BURKE and Co., 17, Newman-street, Oxford-street,
London, W. Removed from Regent-street.
MONUMENTAL.—FORSYTHS BOOK of DE¬
SIGNS, fourth edition, post free 10s. 6d. "We are glad to com¬
mend them to all who may eare for artistically designed sepulchral
memorials." Athenaeum J. Forsyth, Sculptor, 23, Baker-street, W.
MONUMENTAL STUDIO and SHOW ROOMS,
opposite the Marble Arch. Designs, with estimates, for Memo¬
rial Crosses, Tablets, &c., on application to J. CURRI, Sculptor,
No. 240, Oxford-street, W. Imperishable letters in sond lead.
COX and SONS' CATALOGUE of MONUMENTS,
tombs, crosses, and headstones in granite, marble, and stone,
tomb-rails, memorial brasses, mural tablets, &c., designed by eminent
arcuitects and others, with prices, sent for six stamps.—Cox and Sons.
Ecclesias ical Warehouse and Show Rooms, 28 and 29, Southampton-¬
street, Strand. Factory, the Wood and Stone Carving, Gothic Metal
and Monumental Works, College-wharf, Belvedere-road, Lambeth
POLISHED ABERDEEN GRANITE MONU¬
MENTS, &c.—MACDONALD, FIELD, and Co., Granite
quarries and Works, Aberdeen. London office removed from 40d,
Euston-road, to the opposite extensive premises, Nos. 369 to 375, long
occupied by Messrs. Austin and Seeley. For designs and information
address—London districts, 369 to 375, Euston-road, London, N.W.;
provinces, Granite Works, Aberdeen.
MEMORIAL BRASSES, Monuments, and Windows.
Designs and estimates forwarded on application Agents for
Haden's iron Memorials.—FRANK SMITH and Co., 13, Southamp¬
ton-street, Strand.
CLUNY TAPESTRY in ART COLOURS, and Cur¬
tain Fabrics in Silk, Wool, and Cotton, from 3s. 6d. to 33s 6d.
per yard. Registered designs. Sets of patterns forwarded for inspec¬
tion.—FRANK SMITH and Co.
ALTAR COVERS, and every other requisite for

Catalogues
for 12 stamps. Funeral palls on hire.—FRANK SMITH and Co.,
Church Furniture Warehouse, 13, Southampton-street, Strand, Lon¬

MEMORIAL BRASSES, Crosses, and Inscription
Plates, designed and engraved by E. MATTH WS and SONS,
N. 577, Oxford-street, London, W. Exhibitors, 1851, 1862. Prize
Medal, Philadelphia, 876, for Memorial Brasses, Stained-glass Win¬
ms¬
OXFORD INSTITUTION of RESIDENT
HO-PITAL-TRAINED NURSES, 299, Oxford-street, W. oppo¬
site Messrs. Marshall and Suelgroves. Under medical supervision.—
Thoroughly experienced, skilled, superior Medical, Surgical, Mental,
Fever, and Smallpox NURSES are SUPPLIED to the medical pro¬
fession and the public, at a moment's notice, for all parts of England
or abroad; also Male Attendants. A large staff of monthly nurses.
Nurses sent from this Institution can be specially recommended by

JURSES.—Mr. WILSON'S INSTITUTION, 96,
Wimpole-street, Cavendish-square, London, W.

For upwards of 10 years the most eminent of the medical profes
sion and the public have been supplied at a moment's notice with
my Nurses, who reside at 96, Wimpole-street whose certificates can be
produced for character and skill for every case attended.
Medical, Surgical, Monthly, Mental, Dipsomama, Fever Nurses, &c.
Male Attendants for all cases, qualified and respectable.
Nurses sent to all parts of England and the Continent upon parti¬
culars of the case being supplied, personally, or by letter or telegram,
to Mr. Wilson, or to the Lady Superintendent.
