PEAR FAN.—So sorry. Letter at P. O.
DEAR E" G.—Come or write to Kingsbury, and

let me help.
EAR E.—Pray forgive what was said and come
.
lame.—H. G.
TO E. W.—Your LETTER of Dec. only RECEIVED
on Friday. Have written to the address given by you.—W.,
London, March 27th.
IF JOHN HARGILL or any of his family are alve,
his brother, Fk. A. H. Hargill, will be glad of a line, addressed
Post-office, Melbourne, Australia.
IF this should meet the eye of any RELATIONS or
FRIENDS wishing to COMMUNICATE with MARTHA
GUNBIE, who left London by the Lady Kennaway in 1653, they can do
so by directing to Martha Gunbie, Melbourne post-office, till called for.
THE LADY who was ROBBED of her PURSE, near
the Essex-road. Islington, on Saturday last bezs to THANK the
GENTLEMAN and others who came to her assistance, and tried to
capture the thief. Should there be anything to report respecting the
same please communicate with 19, Canonbury-park-square. N.
SAMUEL HAYES, deceased.—To Parish Clerks and
others.—SAMUEL HAYES, formerly a farmer left Warring¬
ton, Lancashire, about the year 1819, and went into Yorkshire, being
then about 50 years of age. Supposed to have died previous to the
year 1840. Any one supplying a CERTIFICATE of DEATH or
BURIAL, or information where same may be obtained, shall be RE¬
WARDED. Address Messrs. James and Horwood, solicitors, Ayles¬
bury, Bucks.
THE SECRETARY of the LONDON FEVER
HOSPITAL very gratefully ACKNOWLEDGES the RECEIPT
of £40, being the balance accruing from an entertainment given at St.
Geurge's-hall on 11th February, 1871, by the Canadian Amateur
Minstrels (Messrs. James Shoolbred and Co.).
LOST, on Monuay, the 20th, between Cannon-street
and 6, Glocester-square,. Hyde-park, a small BUNCH of KEYS.
Whoever will return the same shall be REWARDED.
LOST, supposed to be Left in a Cab, on Monday,
20th, which took two ladies to the S.W.R., from Sackville-street,
the 1 p.m. train, TWO SILK UMBRELLAS and  PARASOL,
FIETEEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—A. II., post-office, Weymouth,
LOST, from Sydenham-hill, on Saturday afternoon,
25th March, a WHITE POMERANIAN DOG. Whoever will
take the same to Wavertree, Sydenham-hill, shall receive a REWARD
of ONE POUND. The dog when lost had on a red morocco collar,
with owner's name and address.
LOST, a SMALL GRE
AMOROC
CBAG, on.
Saturday, the
25th inst., supposed to have
theen eft in a first¬
class railway carriage at the Paddington Stat

—
letters directed to the owner of the bag, some scraps of Italian and
Englis
boctry, a photograph of the Emperor of Prussia, and a purse,
tie entents of which the tinder
relcome to, and is
equested to

bag to 
9. Eaton-place, Lon.
n S.W.
LEFT in a CAB, which took a lady from Old
Cavendish-Street to Upper Brook-street on Friday last, about
2 o'clock, a BROWN LEATHER PURSE, with brass clasp, contain¬
ing about £3 in money. The contents will be given to the finder on
the purse being returned to Mitchell's, 39, Charing-cross.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday.
March 18, in Sloane-Street, a SKYE TERRIER. Answers to the
name of Smut. Whoever will take the same, between the hours of 10
and 5, to 42, Jormyn-Street, St. James's shall receive the above reward.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, in Con¬
naught-square, at 10 on Sunday evening, a very small BLACK
and TAN TOY TERRIER, old, head on one side ; answers to the
name of Joe. Whoever takes bim to 14, shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—DOG LOST, from
Eaton-square—a Pug Dog; answers to the name of Judy.
Whoever will take it to 55, Eaton-square, shall receive the above

FOUND, in the offices of the Baker-street Carriage
Bazaar, a PAIR of SPECTACLES in case. The owner can re¬
ceive the same upon application to the Manager, Mr. Charles Hailing.
NEXT of KIN.—Something to Your Advantage.—A
large PAMPHLET, full of exact copies of advertisements, and
many thousands of names of persons inquired for by solcitors, exccu¬
tors, and others to claim preperty, from 1840 to 1871, copied from T he
Times, Telegraph, and all other important London, country, and colonial
newspapers. Sent post paid for 12 penny stamps. By Mr. HOLT,
bookseller, 31, South-grove, Mildmay-park, London, N.
LONDON INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION of
1871.—The OFFICIAL CATALOGUES.—The extended notices
and advertisements can appear in any language, and may be illustrated.
All communications should be addressed immediately to
J. M. JOHNSON and SONS. Printers and Publishers to H.M.'s

nissioners for the Official Cataloques, &c.
No. 3, Castle-street, Holborn, London, March, 1871.
THE SEA FISHERIES ACT, 1868; 31 and 32
Victoria, cap. 45.—Lynn Deeps.—Cyster and Mussel Fishery.—
Notice is hereby given, that upon the application of the Corporation of
the borough of King's Lynn, the Board of Trade have approved of an
ORDER being proceeded wit e
sae
ration, of an OYSTER and MUSSEL FISHERY, in LYNN
DEEPS, being a portion of the estuary called the Wash, in the county

The following are the description and limits of the fishery comprised
in the said orde r e
toe e ose parts of the foreshore and
bed of the haven and estuary generally known as Lynn Deeps, situate
in the county of Norfolk, and containing an area of 144 nautical
square miles or thereabouts, and bounded as follows (that is to say),
commencing on the east by the line of ordinary high-water mark, from
the lower or northernmost end of the east bank of the Norfolk Estuary
Marsh Cut, and proceeding in an easterly direction, and in a direct
line towards North Wootton Church, in the county of Norfolk, to high¬
water mark, on the main land or sea bank there, and thence in a north¬
easterly direction, along the line of high water mark, to the Wolferton
Creek, and thence following the course, at low water, of the said
creek, to the point where the water of this creek discharges itself into
the Old Channel, thence in a northerly and north-easterly direction,
along the line of ordinary low water mark, by the western side of the
Stubborn Sand, and so on, by the line of ordmnary low water, along
Hunstanton and Holme Beach, to a place called St. Edmund's Ness,
otherwise Gore End or Gore Point, thence by an imaginary line drawn
in a north-easterly direction, to Burnham Flat Buoy, thence in a
westerly direction, to the Outer Knock Buoy, situate at the lower end
of a sand known as the Onter Knock Sand, thence along the eastern
or south-eastern limit of the Boston Fishery (as defined in the Oyster
and Mussel Fisheries Orders Confirmation Act, 1870, No. 1), by an
imaginary line drawn across the two sands known as Dog's Head Sand
and the Long Sand, to the Roger Buoy, situate at the south-west point
of the sand called the Roger Sand, and known as the Roger Point, thence
by an imnginary line to the Outer Gat Bnoy, situate at the north¬
eastern extremity of a sand known as the Gat Sand, thence by an ima¬
mary line drawn in a southerly direction, to the buoy known as the
Wisbech Bar Buoy, and thence, leaving the eastern limit of the Boston
nshery, by an imagnary line drawn in a south-westerly direction, pass¬
ing by the Life Beacon, and westward of the Bell Buoy and Little Bell
Buoy, across the middle of the Westmark Knock Sand, to a point mis¬
way between the Lynn Pilot Vessel, as marked in the Admiratty Chart,
and the northern extremity of the Wishech Cut, and thence in a south¬
easterly direction across the Hull Sand, to a point at high-water mark
on the main land or sea bank, where Terrington St. Clement's Church,
in the county of Norfolk, bears due south, and thence following the
line of ordinary high-water mark, in an easterly direction, to the point
of commencement, at the lower or northernmost end of the Estuary
Marsh Cut.
The Effect of the Order is:—
To prohibit the dredging or taking of cysters or mussels within the
said fishery during the montos of June, July, and August in any year.
To close a portion of the fishery, to the extent of one half, during
the first three years, and to the extent of one-third afterwards.
To probibit the dredging or taking of oysters or mussels within the
closed portions.
1To make bye-laws, with the approval of the Board of Trade, for
regulating the oyster and mussel fishery generally.
To require all smacks and bats used in dredging, fishing for, or
taking oysters or mussels within the limits prescribed, to be licensed.
To appoint the office of the Town Clerk of the borough of King's
Lynn to be the office for granting liceuses.
1. To fix the following tolls to be payable on licenses, viz.:—
For a licouse to ish for one season (being nine months in any one
year) for every ton the boat licensed is capable of carrying, 3s.
For a license to fish for one month, for every ton the boat licensed
is capable of carrying, 9d.
For a license to fish for one week, or a less period, for every ton the
boat licensed is capable of carrying, 3d.
To provide that every licouse for a smack shall include the use of
one row boat only to be used when fishing by the regular crew only of

.To fix a fee of 1s. to be paid for each license.
To provide for the substitutio n.
a new license in the place of one
accidentally lost or destroyed, and for the production of licenses when

To prohibit the taking of mussels of less size than two inches in
length, or any oysters which will pass through a circular ring of two
and a 
ches in diameter, measured on the inside of such ring
To regulate the deposit of riddlings and refuse at appointed places

To reserve powers to the Corporation to remove brood of mussels
and oysters from one portion of the fishery to another for the pur¬
pose of better cultivating the fishery.
To appoint Water Batliffs to enforce regulations.
To apply the tolls in improving and maintaining the dishery.
To provide for payment of casts of order and of maintenance of
fishery out of the borough rund, so far as the tolls may not suffice to
pay same.
To mark out the limits of the fishery.
To provide that no works be commenced without the sanction of the
Board of Trade.
To provide that the Corporation shall render accounts of receipts
and expenditure annually to the Board of Trade.
To reserve power to the Corporation to revise the tolls with the con¬
sent of the Board of Trade.
To enable the Corporation to act jointly with the Boston Corpora¬
tion and H. S. le Strange, Esq.
To provide for the execution of the order by the Corporation.
To enable the Corporation to appoint a committes to carry out the
order, subject to the contrel of the Corporation, and to regulate the
procedure of the committe,
To give power to the Board of Trade to repeal or amend the order.
To save the righta under "The Crown Lands Act, 1866,"
To continue the operation of the order for 60 years from confirn
tion by Parlament.
To cite the order as "The Lyna Deeps Fishory Order, 1871."
And notice is hereby also given that the order has been printed and
is deposited, together with the plans referred to therein, at the Board
of Trade ; and also at the Custom-house, King's Lynn; and at the
office of the Town Clerk, King-Street, King's Lynn; where the same
may be seen and inspected, free of charge, by all persons, during the
month following the 25th day of March in
ant.

he charge of 1s, each, may be obtained

FORM of NOTICE to OBJECTORS.
During one month sollowing the date of the advertisement of this
draft order (25th March, 1871), the Board of Trade will receive any
onjections or representations made to them reseecting the same. All
such objections must be transmitted in duplicate, written on common
foolscap paper, on one side of the paper only and with a wide margin,
A copy of such objections must also, at the same time, be sent to the
Town Clerk, Lynn, and in sending the objections to the Board of
Trade, the objeetors, or their agents, should state that this has been

T. G. ARCHER, Town Clcrk.
Town Clerk's Office, King's Lynn, 23 March, 1871.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label used so many years signed "Ehzabeth Lazenby.
CAUTION.—VOIGTLANDERS OPERA and RACE
GLASSES.—The public are cautioned that Mr. CALLAGHAN is
the appointed SOLE AGENT for the above.—23a, New Bond-street,
corner of Conduit-street.
CAUTION.—CHUBBS PATENT SAFES, for
effectually securing books, deeds, cash, plate, and jewels from
fire and burglars, can be obtained, in London, only at Chubb and
Son's, 57, St. Paul's churchyard.
CAUTION.—The "Napier" officers ordered on foreign
service are respectfully informed that the NAPIER REGIS¬
TERED DESPATCH BOX can only be obtained at GRIFFITHS and
Co.'s, 43, Dannon-street, E.C., and that each box bears the trade mark
CAUTION.—Mr. STREETER (late Hancock and Co.,
Limited), Goldsmith and Diamond Merchant, sole introducer
of 18-carat GOLD JEWELLERY, machine made, respectfully informs
the public that his only ADDRESS in 37, Conduit-street, leading from
Bond-street, W., and that at no other address can this universally¬
known jewellery be obtained.
CAUTION.—Messrs. HANCOCKS and Co.,
Goldsmiths, Jewellers, and Silversmiths to the Queen, the Prince
and Princess of Wales, and the principal Courts of Europe, &c.,
beg to CAUTION the public that their BUSINESS, established by
Mr. C. F. Hancock, is only CARRIED ON at the same address,
No. 38 and 30, Bruton-street, corner of Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—Betts' Patent Capsules.—The public are
respectfully cautioned that BETTS PATENT CAPSULES are
being INFRINGED by importations from abroad. Betts' name is
upon every capsule he makes for leading merchants at home and
atroad.—1, Wharf-road, City-road, London, April 8, 1869, and Bor¬
deaux, France.
CA
N.—.
STIC.
vory and Moore's PANCREATIC
C.
EMU S IC.

under

quest purchasers
i e e
We o o
le is ed repared

and Moore," and surrounded by published reports of the ex¬
perience of medical men. The label also bears their trade mark and
the words Savory and Moore, chy
at
seetson
ti inee of Wa
Ac. (Sigr
   VORY and MOOREE

Lon
tarere
SAUTION.—
S. LLOYDS EUXESIS for
SO .—e 
EEAA 
o A.
Lloydinfo
th e the public that
the has not sold the recipe or right to this invaiuable aiticle, the secret
for the preparation of which
ase e in e e p


usband's decease. This fact wase

Courto
Chancery on the 2 0 t.
July last, when Mr. Hovenden's suit was dis¬
missed with costs. The
niine
esia is dis
guis
e by—firstly,
pared e
the e er e,
wei n raised
ters on.
s
scco
te e e a ie

tere it can be obtained whole¬
sale
aretaill, No. 3, Spur-stre.
Leicester-square.
