RELATIVES and FRIENDS of the late JOHN (t)
FIELD and his WIFE, who died in Melbourne, Australia, in
1863 or 1869, are requested to COMMUNICATE immediately with
M. W., care of Mr. Jones, chymist, Shepherd's-bush.
FAIRLIE, CLARK, INNES, and Co., late of No. 8,
Broad-street-buildings, in the city of London.—This is to give
notice, that UNLESS the GOODS LEFT in the care of the Great
Eastern Railway Company on behalf of the abovenamed firm be RE¬
MOVED, and the amount due for the storage thereof be paid, within
14 days from the date hereof, the same will be SOLD to defray ex¬
penses.—W. H. Shaw, solicitor, Bishopsgate Station, Great Eastern
Railway. —Dated the 44th day of Sept., 1872.
WOURS!—The shield of your prayers and devoted
care for me will render every trial light in the future. Words
cannot express my happiness in the enjoyment of your confidence;
only be mindiul of yourself, as upon your well-being depends my own.
Owing to my sorrow (now happily ended) I have not read The Times
until to night (Saturday), when your kind words were discovered. I am
grieved you took such trouble to comfort me, as letters never fail to
find me. Dieu vous garde
THIRTY POUNDS REWARD for the RECOVERY
of the PODY of a GENTLEMAN, supposed to have been drowned
on Selsey Bill, near Bognor, on Monday, the 16th of September. Had
several moles on his shoulder, and on each leg a brown mark like a
burn about eight inches below the knee downwards. He had no hat
or coat. His clothes were marked W. P. S. He also wore a gold
lever watch with chain attached. The above reward will be given on
identification, or a liberal reward will be paid to any person giving
any genuine information that may lead to the recovery, by applying to
the Norfolk Hotel, Rognor, Sussex.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. — Whereas,
a warrant has been issued for the apprehension of Charles
Vennell, late manager to Messrs. G. B. Thorneycroft and Co., iron¬
masters, Upper Thames-street, London, for stealing a large sum of
money belonging to the firm. Description. About 40 years of age,
5 feet 8 inches high, full face, large prominent eyes, dark hair, small
beard and moustache, Jewish cast of countenance, and vain of personal
appearance.—This is to give notice that the above REWARD will be
paid to any person who will give such INFORMATION as shall lead
to the APPREHENSION of the said CHARLES VENNELL. In¬
formation to be given to Messrs. Miller and Smith, solicitors, 3, Salters'-¬
hall-court, Cannon-street; or to Inspector Bailey, City of London
Police, Detective Department, 26, Old Jewry, E.C.—August 30, 1872.
INFIRMARY for EPILEPSY and PARALYSIS
Portland-terrace, Regent's-park, N.W.—The Committee most
thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE FIVE POUNDS, from Mrs. N., and
£1 1s. (a. s.), from Mrs. Armitage, for this Charity.—C. H. MILLS,
M.P., Treasurer.
MERCHANT SEAMEN'S ORPHAN ASYLUM,
Snaresbrook, E.—The Secretary begs to ACKNOWLEDGE
with thanks, the RECEPT of £6, contributed towards the funds of the
Institution; by the passengers, officers, and crew of the Peninsular and
Oriental Company's Steamship Columbian, per favour Cap. W. C.
Angove.—Office, 132, Leadenhall-Street, E.C., Sep. 24th, 1872.
LOST, in Bolton-street, a LADYS GOLD
TWISTED BROOCH. Whoever will take the same to the Hall
Porter, Carlton Club, shall receive FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, at Dover, on 9th inst., a LADYS GOLD
WATCH, by Grohé, of London, with a blue and green stone back.
Any oue finding the same shall, on taking it to 17, Cleveland-square,
Hyde-park, London, receive a REWARD of TWO POUNDS.
LOST, on the 21st inst., while travelling on the Mid¬
land Railway between Nottingham and Bristol, a BLACK
LEATHER DRESSING BAG. Whoever will send the same to the
Had Porter, Army and Navy Club, Pall-mall, shall be liberally RE¬
WARDED.
LOST, on journey between Chesterfield and Edin¬
burgh, on Saturday, 31st August, a LADY's LARGE LEATHER
TRAVELLING BASKET, covered with canvass, bound with red.
There was no address on it, and it is supposed to have got mixed up
with other luggage. Any person restoring it, or giving information as
to where it may be found, will be suitably REMARDED. Apply to
Messrs. Mackenze and Kermack, W.S., 9. Hill-street, Edinburgh.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday
last, in Queen's-terrace, St. John's-wood, a very SMALL, hand¬
some BLACK and TAN TOY TERRIER BITCH, answering to the
name of Frisk. Whoever will take the same to 2, Fairfax-road, N.W.,
shall receive the above reward
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, about 8.30
p.m., on the 19th instant, in Bedford-street, Strand, a SMALL
WHITE POODLE DOG, answering to the name of Chico. The above
reward will be paid to anyone returning same to the Housekeeper,
No. 14, Duke-street, Adelphi, W.C.
ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD.—LOST, between
Maidstone and Westminster, on Friday last, a SMALL GOLD
CHAIN, with locket attacned. Whoever will take the same to
No. 11, Lillington-street, Westminster, shall receive the above reward.
ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD.—LOST, on Satur¬
day, Sept. 14 between 2 and 3 p.m., either in a cab from 7, West¬
bourne-terrace, to the Waterloo Station (Main Line, or in the booking¬
office or plasform, a SHORT GOLD CHAIN, with Gold Moir, Enamel
Heart, Gold Fish, &c. Whoever will take the same to 7, Westbourne¬
terrace, W., shall have the above reward.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT of PROBATE (The
Principal Registry).—To FRANCES SMITH Widow Take Notice that
a CITATION has issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate
dated the 19th day of September 1872 whereby you Frances Smith are
cited to a pear within thirty days after the publication of this Not-ce
and accept or refuse letters of anministration of the personal estate
and effects of Augustus Smith late of 33 Freeling Street Caledonian
Road in the County of Middlesex late your Husband deceased or
shew cause why the same should not be granted to Selina smith the
natural and lawful daughter of the said deceased with an intimation¬
that in default of your appearance the said letters of administration
will be granted to the said Setina Smith.
H. L. STRONG Registrar.
WEBSTER A GRAHAM 17 Ely Place Holborn Solicitors
for the said Selina Smith.
PROOF of GUN BARRELS.—NOTICE as to
OFFENCES and PENALTIES.—To Merchants, Shippers, Cus¬
tom-house Agents, Pawnbrokers, Makers of or Dealers in Guns, Pistols,
or other Small Arms, and to all other persons whom it may concern—
The Guaroians of the Birmingham Proof-house hereby give notice as
follows, viz.:—
1. The Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1868 (31 and 32 Victoria, chap. 113,
Local), constitutes the sale, exchange, or exportation, or the exposing
or keeping for sale, exchange, or exportation, of any small arm of
which the barrel or barrels have not been duly proved and marked as
proved, according to the said Act, an offence, and makes the offender
liable to a penalty of not exceeding £20 for every unproved barrel,
half the penaity going sto the informer.
2. Pawning or pledging, or taking in pawn or pledge, small arms with
unproved barreis is made a simbar offence, and is attended with a
similar penalty.
3. Any attempt to sell, exchange, or export, or to pawn or pledge,
small arms with unproved barrels is also an offence, and is attended
with a similar penally.
4. The Government mark (commonly known as the Tower mark),
and which often remains upon barrels purchased from Government,
does not exempt them from liabibty to proof under the said Act,
unless the regulations of section 119 are strictly complied with.
5. The Act extends to imported foreign arms. Notice in writing of
the importation must be given and the barrels sent for proof, unless
the arms imported are intended only for conversion and export; but
even then notice is requisite. Foreign arms, bearing a registered
foreign proof mark, are exempt. (Under this head, refer to sections
132 and 134, &c.)
6. The Guardians have prosecuted many persons under the Act, and
are determined to uphold its provisions strictly. Under two very recent
prosecutions the penaities infficted were, in the one case £20, and in
the other £70, notwithstanding that in both cases the defendants
pleaded entire ignorance of the law.
7. And the said Guardians hereby further give notice that upon
trustworthy information of any onence or offences against the Act,
they will (at their diseretion) prosecute, and upon conviction, liberally
reward their informant.
8. Information may be given to the undersigned, or to Mr. Joseph
March, the Proor Master of the said Guardians, at their Proof-nouse,
in Banbury-street, Birmingham. By order,
WILLIAM S. ALLEN, 35, Waterloo-street, Birmingham, Law
Clerk to the Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house.
Birmingham, 1st September, 1872.
WHEREAS the Right Honourable GEORGE
STEVENS, Earl of STRAFFORD, of Wrotham-park Barnet
in the county of Herts, and the most Honourable ROBERT ARTHUR
TALBOT GASCOYNE, Marquess of SALISBURY, of Hatfield-house,
Hatfield, in the county of Hertford, being respectivery interested under
the provisions of "The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchan o and Improve¬
ment of Lanus, in the LAND and HEREDITAMENTS set forth
in the Schedule hereunder written, with the easements and appurte¬
nances thereunto belonging, and being desirous of effecting an EX¬
CHANGE of the same, have made application, in writing, to the
Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, to direct enquiries
whether such proposed Exchange would be beneficial to the Owners of
such respective Lands and Hereditaments, and to proceed with the
same under the provisions of the said Acts.
Now the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, being of
opinion that such Exchange would be benencial, and that the terms
thereof are just and resonable, hereby give notice that they will cause
to be framed and confirmed, under their Hands and Seal, an Order of
Exchange in the matter of the said application, unless notice in
writing of dissent to the said proposed Exchange be given to them by
some person entitled to an Estate in, or to a charge upon, the said
land and hereditaments or any part thereof, on or before the 26th day

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing notice refers.
Land and Hereditaments in which the abovenamed George Stevens,
Earl of Strafford, is interested, situate in the parish of South Mimms
in the county of Middlesex and proposed to be exchanged for the
land and hereditaments hereinafter specified:—
No. on
Description.
Tithe Map.
Piece of land formerly a chalk pit and
now meadow land bounded on the
south-west by the old road leading
from St. Alban's to South Mimms on
12.
the east next the said road by glebe

land of the said parish on other part
of the east and on the north by land
of the Marquess of Salisbury.
Land and Hereditaments in which the abovenamed Robert Arthur
Talbot Gascoyne Marquess of Salisbury is interested, situate in the
parish of South Mimmns in the county or Middlesex, and proposed
to be excnanged for the land and hereditaments hereinbefore
specified:—
No. on
Description.
Tithe Map.
Piece of land formerly waste of the
Manor of South Mimms bounded on
Roadside
the south by the road leading from
waste, ad¬
South Mimms to Potters'-bar, and on    10
joining No.
the north-east and west by land, late

of Mrs. Moreton and now belonging

Witness my hand this 15th day of August, in the year of our Lord
one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.
H. PYNE (By Order of the Board).
Inclosure Commission, 3, St. James's-square, London, S.W.
DUC de MONTEBELLO'S CHAMPAGNES.—
Caution.—Whereas, an INJUNCTION in Chancery has been
obtained in the cause "Duc de Montebello y Gemmer," restraining
the defendant and all others from selling or parting with sundry cases
of Rhenish wine, imported from Rotterdam, containing bottles bearing
imitation Duc de Montebello's labels and corks, and further prohi¬
biting the importation or sale of all wines bearing such imitation labels
or corks; and whereas in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Jebens,"
tried in the Tribunal Correctionnel of Havre, a parcel of 250 cases,
containing 3,000 bottles of wine, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello
labels and corks, seized by the French Customs' authorities (the said
spurious wines having been sent from Germany and Havre to be
thence shipped to England, and thus through the colourable importa¬
tion from a French port to avoid detection on arrivat here), were ad¬
judged to be coufscated; all persons are hereby cautioned against deal¬
ing with spurious champagnes, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello
labels and corks.
TAMPLIN and TAYLER 159, Fenchurch-Street, E.C.,
Solicitors to the Duc de Montebello
R. SYMONDS and SON, 3, Ingram-court, 167, 168, Fen¬
church-street, E.C., Agents to the Duc de Montebello.
OUC de MONTEBELLO'S CHAMPAGNES.—
R. SYMONDS and SON direct especial attention to the pre¬
ceding CAUTION, as renewed attempts are being made to introduce
spurious wines, bearing forged Duc de Montebello labels and corks.
The genuine Duc de Montebeho's Champagnes can be obtained of any
respectable wine me chant in town or country.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label used so many years, signed "Elizabeth Lazenby.
CAUTION.-VOIGTLANDERS OPERA and RACE
GLASSES.—The public is cautioned that Mr. CALLAGHAN is
the appointed SOLE AGENT for the above.—23a, New Bond-street,
corner of Conduit-street.
CAUTION.—CHUBBS NEW PATENT SAFES,
steel-plated, with diagonal bolts, to resist wedges, drills, and fire,
can be obtained in London only at Chubb and Son's, 57, St. Paul's

CAUTION.—FISHERS GLADSTONE BAG.—
The mventor of this combined dressing and travelling bag em¬
Dloys no agents. All genuine bags are stamped in gold in a garter.—
Fisher, 188, Strand.
CAUTION. —Ladies are informed that the only bona
fide improvements in LADIES SADDLES, for hunting, India,
and colonies, have been made and registered by Messrs. LANGDON,
Duke-street, Manchester-square, London. No agents.
CAUTION.—STRANGES Al CRYSTAL OIL.
It having come to our notice t at parties are selling an inferior
on under the name of Crystal oil, as our oil the public are CAUTIONED
to buy only of our regular appointed agents, for whose address write.
—S. and W. TUDOR, 17, College-hill, Cannon-street, E.C.
CAUTION.—LLOYD, ATTREE, and SMITH,
London, will proceed without further notice against any person
or persons applying the same names to the six undermentioned
Scarfs:—
The English Stud Cravat.
The Rival Searf.
The Central Park Cravat.
The Lord Stanley Scarf.

The Fortescue Searf.
All their scarfs are stamped on the band in gold, and are guarante
for make and quality.
