N .—RETURN at once to your brokenhearted
family. All debts shall be paid, and everything forgiven.
JERR W. LITTAUR.—If you are in Paris, please
to SEND your ADDRESS ("poste restants" t) immediately to
age-road.—Aug  , .
ALDERSHOTT.—If the GENTLEMAN from this
place, who LEFT TWO RINGS, in the neighbourhood of the
Haymarket, about a year since, will address Justicia, post office, Pad¬
dington-green, he can hear of them.
LOST, a LIGHT FAWN SKYE TERRIER DOG.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—15, Hart-street, Bloomsbury.
LOST, on Monday morning, between Rotten-row
and Leinster-gardens, Bayswater, a GOLD LOCKET, contain¬
ing a portrait. Any one bringing the same to 1, Wilton-place, Knights¬
bridge, shall receive ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD.
LOST, August 3, between Watling-street and Alder¬
manbury, E.C., a GOLD SEAL, key, and photograp¬
bringing the same to 42, Gutter-lane, shall be RE¬
WARDED.
LOST, 2d of August, a short-length GOLD and a
HAIR CHAIN, with swivel
a Bramah key, and pencil¬
case. ONE POUND REWARD if sent to H. P. B., 58, Lincoln's¬
inn-fields.
LOST, on the 2d August, between Crovdon and
Norwood, a LEATHER PURSE, containing gold, silver Crystal
Palace ticket, promissory

and taking it
Messrs.
th t d Foster's, 5, Eastcheap, shall be
handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, a small PARCEL, addressed to Miss Lewes,
Brunswick Cottage, Lewisham, which was left in a Hansom cab
by two gentlemen, who were driven from the New Hummum's Hotel.
Co

the London-bridge Station on the 9th of July. ONE
POUND REWARD will be paid on delivery at the address.
LOST, a rough-haired SCOTCH TERRIER, of light
brown colour with white breast and feet, tail and ears uncut;
old. Answers to the name of Robble. Any person bringing him to
No. 13, Serjeants'-inn, Fleet-street, or to the Police Station, at Wands¬
worth, shall be REWARDED
LOST, in Hydepark, at the inspection of the
Guards, on Saturday, a BUNCH of KEYS, one of them old¬
fashioned. Whoever will bring them to Mr. Scripps, newst
advertisin.
gent, South Molton-street, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS

LOST, a POCKET-BOOK, July 31, between
Charing-cross and Curzon-street, contal
 some London Gene¬
ral Omnibus shares, numbored 11,516 to 11,522 and 18,895 to 18,319, and
other papers. Whoever
tae e te e orset-place, Pall¬
mall east, shall RECEIVE TEN SHILLINGS.
DEERHOUND FOUND, in Richmond-park—a
fine decrhound, with leather collar and brass plate. The owner
may have him by describing the dog and paying expenses. Inquire of
W. Herring, menagerie, Euston-road, Regent's-park.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a GOLD
GENEVA WATCH, either in Porchester-terrace or Kensington
gardens, on Friday. Whoever will bring the same to 40, Kildare¬
terrace, Westbourne-grove, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 30th
ult, between Fenchurch-street and Waterloo Station (via West¬
minster-bridge), a BUNCH of seven or eight KEYS, with the owner's
name and address engraved on the ring. The above reward will be
paid on their restoration at No. 28, Fenchurch-Street, city.
FOUR POUNDS REWARD. —LEFT, in a cab, on
Friday night, set down at Thomas's Hotel, Berkeley-square, took
up at 44, Watling-street, between 8 and 9, a LADYs BAG, black
morocco, one compartment locked, and one open pocket. Contained
handkerchiefs, marked "M. A. J."—Thomas's Hotel, Berkeley-square
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LOST, on Friday last,
near the Green Man-gate, Old Kent-road, a small BLACK and
TAN TERRIER BITCH, about 12 months old, ears and tail un¬
cropped, b
thas a small cut on the right ear. Whoever will bring the
same to Mr. Wallden, plumber, York-road, Albany-road, shall receive
the above reward.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD. —DOG LOST, on
Friday, August 2, 1861, between 1 and 2 o'clock, in Grosvenor¬
place, leading into St. James's-park, a little below St. George's Hos¬
pital—a Black and Tan King Charles Spaniel. Had on a German
silver chain collar: answers to the name of "Louis." The owner of
the dog is about to leave for Scotland. Whoever will bring it without
delay to No. 23, Ebury-street, Eaton-square, Pimlico, shall receive the
above reward.
FOUND, a DIAMOND RING. The owner may
have it
tangng a full description and paying all expenses.
Apply at 2, Bedford Head-yard, Upper King-street, Bloomsbury.
FOUND, in the Strand, on Thursday, a ROUGH
HALF-BRED SKYE TERRIER; had on a leather collar with¬
out an address. Will be restored on payment of expenses. Apply to
Mr. H. Appleyard, 6, St. Martin's-court, Ludgate-hill, E.C.
CHARLES WILSON.—If CHARLES WILSON,
formerly of Charles-street, Hatton-garden, London, England, who
went over to the United States about the year 1858 or 1859, with ELI¬
ZABETH, his wife (formerly Elizabeth Woodward), and who are sup¬
posed to have resided some time at New York, should be still living;
or if dead, his widow will at once apply by letter, with his present ad¬
dress, &c., to Mr. Wells. 16, Drury¬s
tre rere London, they will
HEAR of SOMETHING to their ADVANTAGE.
SCANLAN.—FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—If
NICHOLAS SCANLAN, by trade a saddier, believed to be a
native of Strokestown, Roscommon, Ireland, who formerly worked in
Limerick, and afterwards in Cork, in Ireland, and who left Cork for
Sydney in December, 1841, and was in Sydney in July, 1842, and JANE
SCANLAN, his wifo, who was widow of George Newman, of Cork, gun¬
smith, and whose maiden name was Martin, are living, and will COM¬
MUNICATE immediately with me, they will HEAR of SOMETHING
to their ADVANTAGE. I will pay £50 for the first legal evidence
that I receive of said Jone Scanian, wife of said Nicholas Scanlan,
being living. THOMAS F. O'CONNELL, Solicitor.
1. Lower Gardiner-street, Dublin.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt of the sum of £100 New Three per Cent. An¬
nuities, heretofore standing in the name of JAMES LEADBET¬
TER, of Maidstone, Kent, Gentleman, and which was transferred to
the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon
not having been recived since the 5th January, 1841;—Notice is here¬
by given, that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the
said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to
the said James Leadbetter, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £127 8s. 9d. New Three
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of JOYCE
THOMAS, of Sewardstone, Essex, spinster, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends
thereon not having been received since the 5th of April, 1851;—Notice
is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this
date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon
paid, to the said Joyce Thomas, who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND. — Unclaimed Dividends.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of Five Dividends on the sum of
£1,200 Consolidated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in
the names of Rev. JOHN EDWARD TARLETON, of Chelsfield,
Kent, deceased, and CYNRIC LLOYD, of Pontriffith, Denbighshire,
Esq., and which dividends were paid over to the Commissioners for
the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of the first
thereof having remained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1839;—
Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Dividends will be paid to the said Cynric Lloyd, the
survivor, who has claimed the same unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make ont his claim thereto
BANK of ENG
C ND.VE   n ain.
Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank
of England to direct the payment of three Dividends on the sum of
£250 Cons¬
a
tieretto r e stand

WILLIAM HENRY FRE ES

at Stanhope-street, May¬
fair, Esq., deceased, and JOH.
FREEMANTLE, deceaese,
late a Lieut¬
Colonel in H. M. Army
taei i i n tis in
an no
toe p aid over to the
Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence

thest t e e
ahentni remained unclaimed since
te th April,
1851; Notice is hereby given, th a ed
iration of th e o nths
from this date, the said Dividends will be paid to the Right Ho
Sir
Thomas Francis Freemantle, Bart., the sole executor of Sir William
Henry Freemantle, Bart., deceased (formerly Esq.), who was the sur

who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim theret.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the Sum of £17 5s. 1d. New 3
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of ELIZABETE
STAPPERS, of
Plymouth Dock, spinster, since wife of HENRY
HINGSTON, of the same place, quarterman, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon not having been received since the 5th January, 1826 ; Notice
is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this
date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon
paid, to John Nicholas Hutchens, Administrator of Elizabeth Hing¬
ston, deceased, formerly Elizabeth Stappers, spinster, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto. — Dated 1st August, 1861.
NO. 10, MONTAGUE-STREET Russell-square,
5th August, 1861.—To the Editor of The Times.—Sir.—My
client, Mr. JOSEPH FISHER, who, in conjunction with his brother.
Mr. WILLIAM FISHER, are the SOLE PROPRIETORS of the
ANCHOR RESTAURANT and DINING ROOMS, 67, Cheapside,
having been put to considerable annoyance by repeated applications
from parties having claims against a person of a similar name, and
late of the Metropolitan Dining Rooms, 27, Cheapside, be.

amerous friends and customers that they are in NO WAY RE¬
LATED to or CONNECTED with that person or establishment, and
that their business is exclusively confined to the Anchor, 67, Cheapside.
am, Sir, yours, obediently.
D. A RIV 

TIPTREE, Captain PINEL.—The following are
copies of TESTIMONIALS presented to this experienced Con¬
mander during his recent vovage to and from Sydney:—
Ship Tiptree, off Sydney Heads, Jan. 24, 1861.
Dear Captain Pinel,—Notwithstanding the great delay we expe¬
rience before reaching the equator, we find ourselves entering Sydney
harbour, after a pleasant and prosperous voyage of 88 days, and cannot
separate without acknowledging the courtesy, kindness, and attention
you have shown us, and the ready cheerfulness with which you have
attended to our comfort, as well as facilitated and assisted our amuse¬
ments and recreation.
Your ability as a Commander has been always manifest, but occa¬
sions have not been wanting when, amidst the raging of the elements,
it, with your coolness and courage, has calmed our anxieties and called
forth our unqualified admiration.
We consider the Tiptree one of the most comfortable of ships, and
believe her capable of making as fast passages as any on record.
We cannot speak too highly of your officers, Mr. Davis, Mr. Harris,
and Dr. Manning. They are gentlemen that even such a captain and
such a ship may be proud of,
The ship has been most liberally found, and the steward's departmes
has given us great satisfaction.
In your future voyagings we commend you to the care of that Provi¬
dence which has watched over us, and sincerely wishing Mrs. Pinel,
yourself, and family health and prosperity,
We remain, most truly yours.
John Jacobs

lleton
Sarah Jacobs
R. Morgan
Vickery
Harriet Morgan.
J. Vickery
Ellen Blaxland
Sydney Jacobs
John Paton
Henry C. Brooks
John Vann.
S. Middleton
Ann Murrav
M. Middleton
John Cadell

C. R. Brookes.
English Channel, July 23, 1861.
To John Pinel, Esq., Commander of the ship Tiptree.
Dear Sir.—We, the undersigned passengers by the Tiptree from
Sydney to London, beg to offer you our sincere sympathy on account of
your tedious and trying voyage, occasioned by an extraordinary con¬
tinuance of head and light winds and calms at three different periods
of the passage, and to congratulate you upon its happy termination.
We have been deeply impressed by your assiduity and ability as a
Commander, which have at all times secured our entire confidence,
and we have great pleasure in adding our testimony to that of former
passengers as to the very superior sailing capabilities of the ship which
you have the honour to command, and as to her many admirable quali¬
ties as a first class passenger ship.
We cannot refrain from expressing the deep sense we entertain of
your uniform kindness and urbanity to ourselves, nor can we omit to
acknowledge the liberal manner in which provision has been made for
our necessities and enjoyment during our somewhat protracted voyage.
We also beg to express to you our high satisfaction with the constant
courtesy of the officers of the ship, and the unremitting attention of the
servants, which have contributed in no small degree to our daily

Desiring that happir
d prosperity may attend you and your
family,
We are, dear Sir, yours very truly,
William Hessel
Reuben Uther
C. Robertson
James Nixon
Caroline Robertso.
G. A. C. Jones
Lucy 

A. Vign e
W. Bennett.
Nathan

J. N. Burgess
Westgarth
Dean.
S. E. Heussier
h er.
Elizabeth Hobbs
Minnie Uther
S. E. Hessel
F.E. Heale
Frank Haes
R. Whittake.
Adele Haes
Captain F. A. Fitrgerald
