E C. has RECEIVED the SECOND HALF, with
thanks.
HEX is anxious for TIDINGS. She would write,
but does not know address.
JOSEPH J. C.—You are earnestly invited to COM¬
MUNICATE with home or your brother, at King-street. Every
assistance offered.
JENAPIA.—WILLIE, who left London in 1862.
No letters have been received since April last. WRITE at once
to your mother. Continued silence will be very prejudicial.
CAPT. C. begs further INFORMATION imme¬
diately, in reference to the charge of libel preferred by P. Davis,
solicitor. Truth requested earnestly to supply the means of proof
regarding the allegations against P. immediately. Direct to Aldershot
BAAN.,5.7,3,06ss 53,980.  156 —720. ss 0. 526,65
00— 8,64.3,54,011, Fleta 1 15.736,990 ; 0 2 2. (refuses to act)
11. 43,6902. 33415.,25740—. — Pollaky's Private Inquiry Office, 13, Pad¬
dington-green, W.
GUSTAV OBERBAUER, native of Mingolsheim,
Grand Duchy of Baden, is hereby requested to APPLY, person¬
ally, at the Baden Consulate, 16, Great St. Helen's, London, or to give
information as to his whereabouts. —London, 17th February, 1865.
INE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—To
Hotel, Lodging-house Keepers, Shipping Agents, and others.—
ABSCONDED, in May last, having in his possession about £3,000, the
perty of his employers, the Borneo Company (Limited), Hongkong,
WALTER HENRY DALGLEISH, formerly their clerk. He arrived
at the International Hotel, London-bridge, on the 29th April last, and
left for Scotland on the 5th of May; he went to Glasgow, where he
passed under the name of Raiph Ensign, thence to Ayr, where he
assumed the name of Charles Walter Thorne; he afterwards re-ap¬
peared in London about the 22d of May as Henry Grey and Henry
Browning, staying at a private hotel near King's-cross in the latter
name ; he then went to Canada in company with a female, about 18
years of age, and of small stature ; while at Canada he purchased some
Canadian bills of exchange in the name of Henry Raleigh; he then
appeared on the 25th of August at Cork as Henry Stewart, Hemy
Hudson, and Henry Raleigh; from thence he appears at Dublin, Bel¬
fast, and Kingstown, and at the last mentioned place, where he was on
the 17th September, at which time he had in his possession (it is sup
posed) about £1,500 in Scotch bank notes, was known as Henry Pol¬
fard, and it is supposed that he has gone to Canada or some other
colony. Description of Dalgleish—age 25 years, height 5 feet 11 inches,
dark complexion and hair, slight beard and moustache, very dark eyes,
slight sear on side of nose or over the eve, in delicate health. The
above reward will be paid by the Borneo Company (Limited), 7, Minc¬
ing-lane, London, to any person giving such information as shall lead
to the apprehension and conviction of the said Walter Henry Dal¬
gleish. Information to Sergeant Palmer, detective department, Great
Scotland-yard, London.
LOST, on Monday, 13th, a LEATHER PURSE,
with oxidized silver ornaments. Supposed in or about Princes¬
street, Cavendish-square. The finder will be REWARDED with a
third of the contents, amounting to about £8, by returning it to Messrs.
Lambert, 12, Coventry-street.
LOST.—THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT
in Westminster Abbey, or in a cab which took up near the Abbey.
a BIBLE and PRAYER-BOOK (in one volume), bound in black, with
a gilt clasp, in a leather cover, and with some photographs between the
leaves. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Fleming, 10, Half-Moon¬
street, Piccadilly, shall receive the above reward.
LOST, by a servant, on the evening of Tuesday the
14th of February, at the Underground Railway, a BROWN
MOROCCO PURSE, containing about £1 15s., in gold and silver, and
also several duplicates and other papers in the name of Finegan. A
REWARD will be given to the finder on returning them to M. F.,
No. 1; Salisbury-terrace, Kilburn.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, on Wed¬
nesday, Feb. 8th, in Piccadilly, a large, WHITE SPANIEL
DOG. Has a few spots of lemon, and is very fat. Answers to the
name of "Fred." Whoever will bring the same to 9, Clarges-street,
shall receive the above reward. No further reward will be given.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, £45 in
NOTES, on Wednesday night, in St. James's-street or Cleveland-¬
row. Three notes of which were endorsed as follows—£10 note, en¬
dorsed Marquis of Donegal, 14-2-65; £20 note, endorsed Col. Martyne,
15-2-65; £5 note, endorsed Col. Martyne, 15-2-65. Payment stopped.
Apply to Jones and Kean, 8, Bury-street, St. James's.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, on Monday
last, a BUNCH of KEYS upon a steel ring; among the keys are
three of Hobbs's, two moderate-sized common keys, and several small
ones. Whoever will bring them to No. 204, Bermondsey-street, shall

FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednes¬
day Feb. 15, between 2 and 5 o'clock, a TWENTY POUND NOTE,
No. 74,782, Nov. 22, 1864, supposed to have been dropped in a White¬
chapel omnibus, or going from the Bank to Threadneedle-street; the
number is stopped at the Bank. Whoever will bring it to 23, Store-street,
Bedford-square, shall receive the above reward.
WARRANTS LOST:—East and West India Dock
Warrant for Barrel Rum, D.E. No. 67, ex Helen, per Hankeys,
2d September, 1863, numbered 5993; and Barrel Rum, D.E. No. 60, ex
Rifleman, per Hankeys, May, 1863, numbered 5904—both in name of
D. Coldham. A REWARD will be given to any person delivering the
same to Messrs. Richard Hooper and Sons, Queenhithe, E.C. N.B. De¬
livery of said goods has been stopped at the docks.
FOUND a large BLACK RETREIVER DOG,
followed a carriage from the Godstone-road, on 10th inst. If not
claimed within one week will be SOLD to pay expenses.—Coachman,
No. 25, Broad-green, Croydon, S. 17th February.
MARY ANN CHAPMAN KING may HEAR of
SOMETHING to her ADVANTAGE by applying to H. W.
Bull, solicitor, 25, Ely-place, Holborn, E.C.
MANCHESTER.—THOMAS ELLERBY's AD¬
MINISTRATOR requests —, who advertised in The Times
respecting PICTURES left with him, to STAY SALE thereof, and to
forward particulars of expenses to J. P., care of Mr. G. Street, adver¬
tising offices, 30, Cornhill, London.
NEXT of KIN WANTED, respecting British,
colonial, and foreign properties unclaimed.—Families considering
themselves entitled to any lost property, left at ann
nod subsequent
to 1740, can apply by letter (free of charge) to RICHARDS and Co.,
Clarendon-chambers, Holborn, W.C.
IN consequence of the death of the Duke of
Northumberland, Mr. BENNETT's LECTURE on the WATCH.
announced for Monday next, at St. Margaret's, Isleworth, will NOT
be DELIVERED on that day. Due notice will be given when the

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of six dividends on various sums
of Reduced Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in
amesf ROBERT BIRD, of Taplow, Bucks, Esq., and CHARLES
ROBINSON BIRD, of Oxford, Esq., and which dividends were paid
over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in
consequence of the first thereof having remained unclaimed since the
5th April, 1841; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Dividends will be paid to the said
Charles Robinson Bird, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN CHANCERY. —Girard's Patent; Hofmann's
tent.—In a suit in Chancery, instituted by Messrs. SIMPSON,
MAULE.
JOE C HOROILSONN with th
owners of Girard's patent
against Hugo Levinstein, the .

Villiam Page Wood
has de e
tae ed

paetent, and has
res
ned him by INJUNG.
st.
innin n such nen.


tne aule, and Nicholson are also the proprietors of
Dr. Hoimann's
te et o o

colour, sold by them as
"Holmann's P.
aie et,"

strade under
the disguise of other names, such as "A


mula." S
Messrs. Simpson, Maule, and Nicholson hereby give notice, that they
in e e
e e i ie al l who ir
y w ay intringe these
patents, either by importatio
of such dyes from abroad, or manufac¬

in this country. ea ted th
7th day of February, 1865.
S n

D CHESTER, Lonnd n.

Solicitor.
AMARY ANNE BARE o.
N N . 13, Sot.
George's¬
terrace, Hyde-parrk
the the county of Middlesex, widow, hereby
give notice, that from and after the 16th day of February, 1865, I shall
discontinue and abandon the use of my present surname, and in lieu
thereof ASSUME and USE the SURNAME of PERRINS, and that
I shall also add the name of Perrins to my said Christian names, and
that from henceforth I shall describe myself and be known by the
name of Mary Anne Perrins Perrins. In witness whereof I, the said
Mary Anne Barton, have this day set my hand and seal to a certain
deed poll to the same tenour and effect as this notice, and shall forth¬
with cause the said deed to be enrolled in Her Majesty's High Court of
Chancery in England.—Witness my hand this 15th day of Februar
1865
MARY ANNE BARTON.
Witness—Michael Abrahams, Solicitor, 17, Gresham-street.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 204.—
Maylands, South Stoneham, Southampton.—In the matter of the
Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on
the application of CHARLES WARNER, of Winchester in the
county of Southampton, gentleman, the Registrar of the Office of
Land Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from
the date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE all those
HEREDITAMENTS, formerly the property of the Provost and
Scholars of Queen's College, in the University of Oxford, called May¬
lands, now forming part of and occupied with an estate called or
known as the Broxells Estate, and which said hereditaments are situate
in the parish of South Stoneham, in the county of Southampton, and
contain 23a. 0r. 28p., or thereabout, and are now in the occupation of
George Aish, and are delineated on the map. No. 204, deposited by the
applicant in the Office of Land Registry as part of the description of
the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, together
with the mines and minerals under the same hereditaments. If
any person objects to, or desires to show cause against, such regis¬
tration, or claims that the same should be subject to any conditions or
reservations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or
liability, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should
be entered on the register with reference to such hereditaments, such
person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's¬
inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel,
or by affdavit or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause
against, or to make such claim in respect of, such registration. But any
person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same
in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and ad¬
dress thereto, in the Office of Land Registry before the expiration of
the said three calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise he
will be excluded from making the same. The said map of the said
hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land Registry may be
inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the
said three calendar months from the date hereof—Dated this 18th day

O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
O. and F. J. WARNER, Solicitors to the Applicant,
Winchester.
FFICE of LAND REGISTRY
—No. 161.—
C
ees.
lys Rhos, Carnarvonshire.—In the e 
te e h e

Adt of 25th a n 

notice is hereby given, that on
the application of EDWIN NEWMAN, of Yeovil, in the county of
Seomerset, gentleman, and RO.
ERT JAMES SISSON, of St. Asaph,
noe e e int, gentleman, the Reg
trar of the Office of Land
Registry intends at the expiration of three calendar months from the
late hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE all those
HEREDITAMENTS, called or known as the Deganwy Estate, in the
parish of Eglwys Rhos, in the county of Carnarvon, comprising the
several lands and farms called or known as Deganwy Mansion and
Lands Glanymor Ffrith Gerrig Towyn Elthaff Warren Bryngosol
Bryngosol Bach Maesdola Tynycoed-y-Crogfryn Pentywyn Pantyfran
Towyn Bach otherwise Towyn-ferry Gardd-y-tai-garden gardens
sesaagsen


of land on which the Wesley an Chapel stands, and all which said here¬
dits, called or known as the Deganwy Estate, contain 472 acres 1 rood
and 19 perches, or thereabouts, and are now or late were, in the seve¬
ral occupations of John Lloyd Jones, Abel Davies, the representatives
of Elizabeth Owen, George Walker, Robert Williams, Thomas Parry,
Ann Roberts, Richard Jones, Hugh Jones, William Jones, John
Jones, John Jones, Robert Lloyd, and the chapel trustees, and which
hereditaments are delineated on the map, No 161, deposited by the
applicants in the Office of Land Registry as part of the description of
the same, and therein edged with red, together with the mines and
minerals under the same hereditaments. If any person objects to, or
desires to show cause against such registration, or claims that the
same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any
particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved
or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the register
with reference to such hereditaments, such person may be heard at the
Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before
the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof,
personally, or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise.
to make such objection or to show cause against, or to make such
claim in respect of such registration. But any person desiring to make
such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the
particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the
Office of Land Registry before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from
making the same. The said map of the said hereditaments deposited
in the Office of Land Registry may be inspected at the said office at
any time before the expiration of the said three calendar months from
the date hereof. —Dated this 18th day of February, 1865.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
ROBERTS and SIMPSON, Solicitors to the Applicants,
borgate-stree
LE  C 
EMORY.—
PICK will resume.
L
his?

ES on MEMOR
and LANGUAGE,

W.
London
Wednesday, Feb. 22, at 3 o'clock, and subsequent
Wednesdays. The first introductory lecture will be free to the public.
Syllabus on.
pplication to the Secretary. ao o,


hod of studying

post.—6, Bryanston¬
street, W
THE RANTOONE. 142 and 143, Cheapside,

SHELLS and CORALS, for cabinet and grotto orna¬
ments, wholesale and retail, at B. JACOB's, 68, Leadenhall-street,
city. Shells bought in large or small quantities. A quantity of grotto
shells at 35s. per cask. Closed on Saturday,
