to LB. PI.—WRITE to usual name and P.O
Say where to answer. It is important that one letter should
you safely.
TO D. H.—Your impudent threats of no avail. The
only chance is to see W. H. P., and explain matters thoroughly
to him. This must be at onc
TEN DAYS. — Would the party, who, in the autumn
of last year recommended an application to Dr. Routh,
WRITE to Reddy, 73, Dieppe-street, West Kensington?
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE. Probate
Divorce and Admiralty Division (Probate) To the NEXT of
KIN (if any) and all others having an interest in the personal estate of
EDWARD BENNETT late of No. 50 Norfolk Street Sheffield in the
Ceunty of York Public Accountant Take Notice that a CITATION
has issued under seal at the inst ance of Thomas Wheeldon Cripps of
No. 50 Norfolk Street Sheffieid in the County of York Accountant a
Creditor of the above deceased Citing you within thirty days to cause
an appearance to be entered for you in the Principal Probate Registry
of the Court and to accept or refuse Letters of Administration of the
personal estate of the said deceased or shew cause why the same
should not be granted to the said Thomas Wheeldon Cripps And such
Citation contains an intimation that in default of your appearance
such Letters of Administration will be granted to him.
CHARLES J. MIDDLETON Registrar
JAMES ROBERT MACARTHUR 30 John Street
Bedford Row London.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of two dividends on the sum of
£21,074 4s. 9d., and one dividend on £22,497 2s. 6d., New £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of ROBERT PALMER
HARDING, of 8, Old Jewry, London, Official Liquidator of the Joint
Stock Discount Company, Act 25 and 26 Vic., Cap. 89, and which divi¬
dends were paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the
National Debt, in consequence of the first thereof having remained
unclaimed since the 5th April, 1869;—Notice is hereby given that, on
the expiration of theee months from this date (June 26th, 1879), the
said Dividends will be paid to Robert Pahiner Harding, who has
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and
make out his clamm thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the
Bank of England to direct the payment of 16 dividends on the
sum of £125 7s. 8d. Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities hereto¬
fore standing in the names of the MAYOR, ALDERMEN, and
BURGESSES of the town and county of Haverfordwest, in the
matter of the Municipal Corporation Mortgages Act. 1860, and which
Dividends were paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt, in consequence of the first thereof having re¬
mained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1866. Notice is hereby given
that, on the expiration of three months from this date (the 26th day
of June, 1979) the said dividends will be paid to the Mayor Aldermen,
and Burgesses of the Borough of Haverfordwest, who have claimed the
same, upless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his claim thereto.
CHELSEA HOSPITAL for WOMEN, King's-road,
S.W.—The Finance Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE
the following CONTRIBUTIONS towards the funds, which are much
needed:—Captain Brigstocke, £10 10s. ; and Mrs. Pearson (new
annual subscription), £2 2s.—J S. WOOD, Secretary.
NORTH-EASTERN HOSPITAL for CHILDREN,
Hackney-road.—The Committee beg to ACKNOWLEDGE, with
their best thanks, the RECEIPT and DISTRIBUTION in the Wards
of a handsome PRESENT of FLOWERS by Her Grace the Countess
of Zetland and Lady Blanche Morris, being a portion of those distri¬
buted to the various Children's Hospitals after the Flower Sermon by
the Rev. Teignmouth Shore, M.A., at Berkeley Chapel, Mayfair, on
Sunday last. By order, ALFRED NIXON, Secretary.
LOST, on Friday last, between Kensington-gardens¬
square and the Soldiers' Daughters' Home, Hampstead, a GOLD
BROOCH. Whoever will take it to Dilley's Library, 115, Queen's¬
road, Bayswater, W., shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in Ascot week
between The Hatch. Windsor, or on Ascot Racecourse, a SMALL
GOLD ARROW, set with Diamonds and three Pearls, with date Jan.
2, 1877. The above reward shall be paid to any person taking the same
to The Hatch. Windsor.
GOLD LOCKET LOST, on Sunday, 22d June, in
the neighbourhood of Streatham-common, Gipsy-hill, or Beulah
Spa. Engraved initials on one side and flowers on reverse. A liberal
REWARD will be given to any one taking the same to W. G.
Newcomb, Esq., 11, Leigham-court-road west, Streatham-hill.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD will be
paid to any person who, within one month from this date, will
furnish such INFORMATION as will lead to the discovery and con
viction of the AUTHOR of certain CIRCULARS, dated May 2, 1879.
purporting to be issued by the Society for Organizing Charitable Relief
and Repressing Mendicity, 15, Buckingham-street, London, W. C., and
bearing the signatures of C. Trevelyan and Charies S. Loch; also of
certain libellous reports purporting to be issued by the same Society,
and dated Feb. 26, 1876, Aug. 7, 1875, Ang. 22, 1875, Aug. 17, 1876, re¬
spectively, accompanying the above circulars, and reflecting upon the
following institutions, viz
The Royal Hospital for Incurables, Putney.
The British Orphan Asyium, Slough.
The School for the Indigent Blind, Southwark.
The Infant Orphan Asylum, Wanstead.
Persons who have received these circulars and reports are requested
to forward them, with the envelopes in which they were enclosed, to
the Secretary to the Council of the Charity Organization Society; or
to Messrs. Lewis and Lewis, Solicitors, Ely-place, Holborn.
C. S. LOCH, Secretary.
Offices of the Council, Charity Organization Society, 15, Buck¬
ingham-street, Adelphi, London, W.
IN the CONJOINED ACTIONS of MULTIPLE¬
POINDING, Declarator, and Approval of Agcounts originally
raised at the instance of RICHARD DENNISTOUN CAMPBELL,
Esq., of Jura; ALEXANDER STRUTHERS FINLAY, Esq., of
Castle Toward; MUNGO CAMPBELL, Junior, Esq., Merchant in
Glasgow: and Mrs. CHRISTIANA ALSTON CAMPBELL or
MEIKLAM, Widow of the late James Meiklam, Esq., of Carnproe,
Trustees and Executors nominated and appointed by and acting
under the Trust-Disposition and Settlement of the said James Meik¬
lam, dated 31st January, 1853, and Two Codicils of subsequent dates,
Pursuers and Real Raisers, but now insisted by the said Mrs.
Christiana Alston Campbell or Meikiam, as the sole survivor of the
said Pursuers and Real Raisers against GEORGE MACLACHLAN,
W.S., Edinburgh, as Sole Surviving Trustee for holding and adminis¬
toring a provision of £20,000 made by the said James Meikiam to the
Children of his Marriage with the said Christiana Alston Campbell or
Meikiam, under a Bond and Disposition in security by the said James
Meiklam, dated the 17th day of February, 1895, and Instrument of
Sasine following thereon, recorded in the General Register of Sasines
on the 29th day of October, 1846, and other relative Deeds; the said Mrs.
Christiana Alston Campbell or Meiklam, residing at No. 43 Bryanstone
Square, London; John Meikiam, then or lately before residing within
the precincts of the Abbey of Holyrood, Edinburgh, and now at da
Bryanstone Square aforesaid; Miss Isabella Meikiam, only daughter
of the said James Meiklam, presently residing at No. 43 Bryanstone
Square aforesaid; and the said Richard Dennistonn Campbell,
Alexander Struthers Finlay, Mungo Campbell, Junior, and Mrs. Chris¬
tiana Alston Campbell or Meiklam, as her Tutors and Curators; John
Meikiam, £sq., formerly of Duloch, in the County of Fife, and now of
Gladswood, in the County of Berwick, the Uncle and Heir-at-Law of
the said Isabella Meikiam, failing her leaving Lawful Issue; Mary
Harper, daughter of John Harper, Innkeeper at Selkirk, and pre¬
sently residing in London or elsewhere abroad; and Philip and Ada
Harper, children of the said Mary Harper and then residing with
their mother: and against Frank Harper, Postmaster at Dingwall,
Factor loco tutoris and curator bonis appointed to the said Philip and
Ada Harper by the Lords of Council and Session; and also against
Augus Fletcher, Esq., Solicitor, of Inland Revenue, Scotland, for
their respective rights and interests in the premises; and also against
Joseph Joel, sometime of No 55 Pall Mail, St. James, London, and
afterwards of No. 2 Boyle Street, Saville Row, London; and Thomas
Landale and Robert Landale, S.S.C., Edinburgh, his Mandatories;
Samuel Sturgis, of Lincoln's Inn Fields in the County of Middlesex,
gentleman. Provisional Assignee of the Estates and Effect of In¬
solvent Detors in England, and in whom the Estates of the said
John Meiklam were alleged to be vested under a Vesting Order of the
Court of Relief of Insolvent Debtors, made upon the 10th day of
October 1858 : Joseph Sowerby, of Oxford Street, in the County of
Middlesex, Silk Mercer: William Mardon, of No. 99 Newgate Street,
in the City of London, gontleman: and Charles Candy and Charles
Wilson, both of Watling Street, in the Ciry of London, Silk Mer¬
chants; Jabez Holmes Wood, of No. 10 Cornhill, London, Insurance
Broker; Albert Godfrey, of East Chillons, near Wantage, Berks;
Charles Bunvard, of No. 8 Bucklersbury, in the City of London;
and Joseph La Mert, of Albemarle Street, in the County of Middle¬
sex, for their respective rights and interests in the premises, De¬
fenders, the summonses in which were signeted respectively on 3d
April 1857, 28th February 1859, and 29th October 1861, and which are
in dependence before the Honourable Lord Craighill, Ordinary in
the Court of Session in Scotland. The surviving Pursuer and
Real Raiser having represented to the said Lord Ordinary that a
claim had on the seventh day of March 1879 been lodged for Duncan
Stewart. Provisional and Official Assignee of the Estates and
Effects of Insolvent Debtors in England, whose Estates were under
the administration of the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors
at the time of the passing of the Act 24 and 25 Victoria, chapter 13d,
in which, by virtue of the 39 an  40 George III., chapter 98, commonly
called the Thellesson Act, as extended to Scotland by the 11 and 12
Victoria, chapter 36. section 41, he claimed the accumulated fund,
amounting to £107,029 0s. 6d. sterling; and that it is helieved there
are other persons than those wh have appeared and given in Claims
who are interested in the said Fund, the said Lord Crdinary has pro¬
nounced the following INTERLOCUTOR:—"Edinburgh, 3 June
1879, Lord Craixhill.—Act. M'Kechnie for Pursuer and Real Raiser,
alt. J. P. B. Robertson for Claimant Stowart. The Lord Ordinary,
on the motion of the surviving Pursuer and Real Raiser, appoints in¬
timation of the dependence of these conjoined actions and of the
claim which has been lodged in process to be given to all concerned by
advertisements to be published as follows: viz, twice each week for
three successive weeks in the following newspapers, viz, The Times,
London Gazette, Daily Telegraph, the Scotsman, the Edinburgh
Courant, Glasgow Herald, and Glasgow News, that they may give in
claims within a month of the date of the last of the said Advertise¬
monts.
(Signed) "JOHN MILLAR."
Of all which intimation is hereby given to all concerned.
Messrs. Maclachlan & Rodger, W.S., the Solicitors of the said
Trustees; or John K. Lindsay, S.S.C., 16, Queen-Street, Edinburgh,
Solicitor for the Claimant, Duncan Stewart, will give any information
that may be wished by parties having interest.
MACLACHLAN & RODGER, W.S.
25 Castle Street, Edinburgh, 3rd June, 1879.
LONDON, June 18th, 1879.—Notice.—ARTIFICIAL
ALIZARINE.—We, the undersigned, the owners respectively
of the patents for the manufacture of Alizarine—A.D. 1869, No.
1,936; A.D. 1869, No. 1,948; A.D. 1869, No. 3,318—hereby give notice,
that we recently commenced legal proceedings against the Alizarine
and Anthracene Company (Limited) for damages for the INFRINGE¬
MENT of the above-mentioned PATENTS, and for an INJUNC¬
TION to restrain the said Alizarine and Anthracene Company
(Limited) from manufacturing, selling, or from offering for sale, or
disposing of, or parting with any Artificial Alizarine, or other
colouring matters manufactured or prepared in contravention of our
rights under the said Patents, or either of them, respectively. And
that, after obtaining an interim injunction on the terms of our
application, we, at the request, of the said Alizarine and Anthracene
Company (Limited), agreed to stay our action upon the following

a. That the said Alizarine and Antbracene Company (Limited)
should submit to a perpetual injunction.
b. That they shouid admit the validity of the said Patents.
That they should pay damages for past infringements.
d. That they should pay our costs of the legal proceedings.
A perpetual injunction against the Alizarine and Antbracene Com¬
pany (Limited) has been granted, and all proceedings in the action
have been stayed on the above terms.
And we hereby give further notice, that we recently were about to
institute legal proceedings against Messrs. Arthur and Henshaw.
Drysalters and Oil Merchants, in Glasgow, and Matthew Clark and
William Andrew Jamieson, Drysalters and Oll Merchants, Glasgow,
the individual partners of the said firm of Arthur and Henshaw, to
obtain interdict against their infringing the said Letters Patent, or
any of them, and damages for infringements thereof by them in time
past, and that we have agreed to discontinue and discharge the said
threatened proreedings upon certain conditions embodied in an agree¬
ment entered into between us and them. Under the said agreement
the said Messrs. Arthur and Henshaw and the said Matthew Clark
and William Andrew Jamieson, the individual partners of the said
firm, admit and acknowledge—
a. That the said Letters Patent are valid in every respect.
b. That they have infringed the said Letters Patent by importing,
vending, and selling Artificial Alizarine, manufactured according to
one or other of the processes described in the specifications respec¬
tively filed in connexion with the said Letters Patent.
c. That the Letters Patent of the 28th May, 1869, No. 1,642, granted
to Franz Julius Bronner (therein named Julius Bronner) and Hermann
Gutzkow are and always have been null and void.
d. They undertake during the subsistence of our said Letters Patent
not to import into or sell within the United Kingdom any Artificial
Alizarine produced by any of the processes described in the specifica¬
tions of any of our said Letters Patent, except with our consent in
writing.
We lastly give notice, that any person or persons infringing our
above-mentioned Patents, whether by purchasing (except from us or
our licensees) or selling, importing, or being concerned in importing,
or in any way using Artificial Alizarine in the United Kingdom other
than Alizarine made here by us, or imported by us or our licensee
will be immediately proceded against,
A Rteward will be given to any person who will give the undersigned
information sufficient to undertake legal proceedings against any such

BURT. BOULTON, and HAYWOOD, 64, Cannon-street, City,
London.
BADISCHE ANILIN and SODA FABRIK.
F. ENGELHORN AUGUST CLEMM.
NONUMENTS.
Granite, Marble, or Stone. —Designs and estimates forwarded on
application to BURKE and Co., 17, Newman-Street, Oxford-street,
London, W. (removed from Warwick-house, Regent-street).
MONUMENTAL.—ARTISTIC DESIGNS of
SCULPTURED MEMORIALS, Tablets, Crosses, &c., forwarded
on application to Mr. E. J. PHYSICK, Sculptor, who in 1853 intro¬
duced from Rome the imperishable inscriptions, in solid lead, with un¬
failing success. Address particulars to Mr. E. J. Physick. The Monu¬
mental Works. Offices, 136, Marylebone-road, next Baker-street. W.
BERDEEN GRANITE MONUMENTS, &c.
MACDONALD, FIELD, and Co. Quarries and works, Aber¬
deen; New Premises in London, 373, Euston-road, where numerous
examples of monumental and architectural work may be seen. For
designs and information address 373, Euston-road, N.W., or to Head
office, Aberdeen.
