YSABELLA has RECEIVED the NOTE.—
BT. H.—Rashand unkind. Yet, let me HEAR IM¬
MEDIATELY. All shall be forgiven.—M. B.
THE FATHER of the YOUNG LADY, with a
mole on her right cheek, who left her home near the Edgware¬
road in July, may HEAR OF HER by sending lis address, pre-paid,
W. B., poste-restante, St. Martin's-le-Grand, W. J.
A. Z. —"La nuée a crevé sur nous." J'erre tont seul
dans le bois, mais je to tronveral à la fin. Je sais à qui je me
file mille fols misux que coux qui ont fait de si vains efforts pour
ebranler la confiance que jal en tol. Nous ne deviendrons que pins
proche de Dieu et plus chers l'un à P'autre par suite de toute catte
douleur, et je to prie de n'abandonner jamais ta—FAITH.
LOST, a PLAIN THICK RING, near the post¬
office, Brompton-row. ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD on re¬


aige.
LOST, during the month of September 1861, the
COUPON OFF BOND of TURKISH LOAN 1858, No. 4473, due
1st September, 1861. Any one having found the same will be RE¬
WARDED by bringing it to C. Baker, 2, Bank-chambers, Lothbury.
LOST, in Grey-street, Newcastle-on-Tyne, on the
 ae.
glan
1861, bet.


Messrs. Lambt.
and Co., a BANK of ENGLAND NOTE for £5,
numbered 40,612, and dated Newcastle-upon-Tyne, 13th August, 1860.
Whoever has fo
 the same and will return it to the Chief Constable,
Manors Station, shall be hande
mely REWARDED.—Newrastle-upon¬

1862.
ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD. —LOST, on the 3d
inst, probably in Hamilton-terrace, St. John's-w
a e n arrow,
flat, GOLD BRACELET, in square links. Apply at 78, Hamilton-¬
terrace, St. John's-wood.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 17th
inst., supposed between Regent-street, and Tottenham-court-road,
 PLAIN GOLD SIGNET RING, crest engraved on onyx, with
initials F. V. To be taken to Messrs. Garrard and Co., Haymar
RAG.—LOST, between 7 and 8 o'clock on Monday
evening, September 15th e etoe.
acab, between Paddington Station
and Eccleston-squar.
E
a B 

Rev. J. P. Harris tied on it. It conts
some lady's wearing apparel
writ

O AE EWARD will be given if brought
to 82, Mgerar.
rete-stre .a.

FOUND, on Tue day, Sent. 16, in the Kennington¬
road, a large BLACK DOG. The owner can have it by giving a
full description and paying expenses. Apply at 23, Chester-street, Ken¬
nington-cross.
HEIRS WANTED of ANN ADAMS, deceased,
1861, age about 61 years, widow of Francis Glasse, captain in the
Engrish service. Apply to Mr. Péchet, 395, Cours de Rive, Geneve.
IF this should MEET the EYE of CHARLOTTE
FULLER or any of the family, formerly of Colchester, Essex,
they will hear of some one of the above name, by applying by letter to

MATHIAS.—Any person giving information of Mrs.
ELIZABETH A. C. MATHIAS, wife of William Mathias, sur¬
geon, who was living in 1845, at 2, Paragon-place, O.d Kent-road, after¬
wards at 2, Lilford-road, Coldharbour-lane, her present address, or if
dead, proof of death, will be handsomely REWARDED. Address
G. H. S., 22 A, Bush-lane, Cannon-street, E.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £100 Consolidated 3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the nam

a private in the 67th Regiment of Foot, deceased, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
meere
not having been received since the 5th of January, 1811;—
Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of t

this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon
paid, to Prudence Vance, wife of David Vance, of Belfast, in Ireland,
the administratrix of the said John Allen, deceased, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make

VOUNG's PARAFFINE OIL. —"Young and others
v. Fernie."—Caution.—It having come to the knowledge of the
oprieton
oaYoung's Paraffine Oil Pater
th  at thhe defenda nt in
paran.

oll, 
certain ollworks, at
Leesw.
a  St.
ae e oris, at Saltney, b ot
ess
county of Flint, and was thereby infringing the lett
patent granted
to Mr. James Young, an application was on the 9th instant made to
the Vice-Chancellor Stuart for an injunction to restrain such inf

Honour directed immediate notice
ment and

defendant of the application for such injunction against him; all
persons are hereby CAUTIONED against purchasing or selling any
arafine o l e e e
s
tie e ini
INFRINGEMENT of Mr J.
MES YOUNG's PATENTS

manufacturing any such oll or parafine; and notice is hereby given,
taken
that proceedings will be forthwit
at antnst any pen n



bo
thi te of this notice e
nn
offending.
SJ.AEN.
Y JOHNSON, 47, Linooln
Nned
, London, W. C.,
Propriet

ne oll Paten

September 12th. 1862.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of
ENGLAND.—The Cumberland.—No. 1,346.—Whereas a cause of
salvage has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of England.
on behalf of Mountjoy Pearse and George Lockwood, the younger, both
of Wess Hartlepool, in the county of Durham, shipowners, and Henry
J. McCulloch, of the city of York, in the county of York, gentleman,
the owners of the ship or vessel Iron Era, against the screw steamship
or vessel Cumberland, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and the cargo
now or lately laden therein, together with the freight due for the trans¬
portation thereof; and whereas the said vessel Cumberland is now lying
at Great Grimsby, in the county of Lincoln, under arrest, by virtue of a
warrant issued from the Registry of the said Court, and no appearance
has been entered in the said cause.—This is to give notice to all per
sons who have or CLAL
 to have aay RIGHT, Title, or Interest in
the said vessel CUMBERLAND, that, if an appearance in the said
cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court within six days
from the publication of this notice, the Judge of the said Court will
order the said vessel to be sold, to answer the claims instituted or to be
instituted against the same, or make such order in the premises as to
him shall seem right. — Dated this 17th day of September, 1862.
H. A. BATHURST, Assistant-Registrar.
W. E. DUNCAN, Solicitor, No. 80, Basinghall-street,
London.
TRIALby JURY.—At a MEETING of Englishmen,
held at the English Club, Smyrna, on Monday, 18th August, 1862,
C. WHITTALL, Esq., senior, in th e ch e
It was resolved, 1. That the Meeting begs to record its entire con¬
currence in the despatch of His Excellency Sir Henry Bulwer, H.M.Am¬
hassador at Constantinople, to the Right Honourable the Earl Russell,
H.M. Secretary of Foreign Affairs, dated 19th March, 1862, on the
subject of trial by jury in the Levant, and to express its sincere thanks
to His Excelleney for his advocacy of the cause.
2. That this Meeting, having considered the memorandum of Sir E.
Hornby, H.M. Judge of the Supreme Court at Constantinople, dated
19th March, 1862, and his despatch dated 27th May of the same year,
does hereby record its belief that the difficulties which have seemed to
him to render impracticable the jury system in the Consular Courts in
the Levant, have been unduly exaggerated, and that it cannot accept
e
therein.


th e prurpose of upholding the
rights of English


caaures
as be deemed
te s e r yee enquir in e
doia em e t into the organiza¬
tion.


o e
4 That the thas
iven to the Right Honourable.
ber.
the

o o f


W. H. Freeland, Eso.

Be mour
tede.
Esq., M.
Wm. S.
hofield, Esq., M.P.
and to those Peers and Members of Parlament who have interested
themselves in the cause of their fellow countrymen in the East.
5. That the thanks of th is e
iven to J. C. McCoan. Esq.,

Barriter at-Law at Constantinon
roprietor of the e e a ete
and
Herald, for th eite
esaa

Jury in the Levant; and conjointly to A. A. Fry, Esq., Barrister-st¬

Law at Constantin

ering advocacy of the
eand
to th e
glishmen in Constantinople, who have acted in concert with
them, and to whom this Meeting to
e e e surance that it will con¬
tinue to co-operate with them in the endeavour to obtain the right

6. That the above resol
taons een
ti h 
ae s and Levant

CAST ILS E e.
Berkshire.—
Peblie
tice.—
Justices' Room, Police Station, Sept. 17, 1862.—A
AEAIPECIAL


tes owners and occupiers of land, flock¬
tie ist
masters, and others,



bntn
17th day of September, 1862 to take into considerationa
amnnnica¬
taien e e e r .
tie e t a ed alsec
an order of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, o.
ished

te the 10th day of September instant, in pur¬

tae e
to yeas
the reign of Her present
Majesty, intituled"An act to Prevent, unti th e.
s

185.

the en e
ae ent, the Spreading
of Contagious or Infectiou i orde,
 mongst Sheep, Cattle, and

tein c o in

enactment. It was resolved as follows, viz:
toe h iven, that the contagious disorder
I. That public notice be



mediate
neighbourhood of East Ilsley.
2. That all persons be strictly enjoined not to permit or suffer any
se
or lambs, affected with any contagious or infectious disorder, to
be brought to or exposed for sale at any market in the said district, or
at the fair to be held in the said town on the 24th day of September inst.
3. That, in pursuance of the said st ttute in that behalf, the Magis¬
trates of the district have appointed George Drewc, jun., veterinars
surgeon, M.R.C.V.S., to attend the markets and fairs about to be held
for the sale of sheep and lambs within the said town and district, for
the purpose of executing the powers given by the first section of the

4. That public notice be given, that the provisions of the said Act,
and the Orders of Council made in pursuance thereof, will be stricthy

ROBERT LOYD LINDSAY Chairman.
N.B. The Orders in Council above referred to are the following:—
II. All sheep and lambs dying in any of the stages of the said dis¬
case, whensoever such death or deaths shall or may occur, shall forth¬
with be buried by the person or persons in whose possession such sheep
or lambs may be at the time of death, with their skins on, in pits of
not less than five feet in depth, and the carcases so buried shall be
a
III. All sheds and places whatsoever, and all railway trucks and
other vehicles which may or shall have been used or occupied by sheep
or lambs affected py the said disease, shall forthwith, after having been
so used, be thoroughly cleansed with water, and immediately after¬
wards purided with chioride of lime by the person or persons in posses¬
sion of such sheds, places, trucks, and vehicles respectively.
IV. Every person in possession of any sheep or lambs in or among
which the said disease shall manifest itself shall forthwith give notice.
in writing, of the fact to the chief constable or superintendent of police.
of the e e ete
borough in which such sheep or lambs may be.
Persons inf rin n i n d
th  orders in Council incen
penalty

THE CENTRAL TRAINING SCHOOL of ART

and Female Students, and the Me¬
tropolitan Schools of Art, at 43, 6.

emale
Clas.
nly
pitalfields, Crispeinestr e et ;.
bury, William-street,
W.





ar School, Deptford-road; St. Martine, Castle¬
street, Long-acre; Lambeth, St. Oswald's-place, Upper Ket¬

mssss
s
an ispe s.
building; Christchurch, St. Goorge's-in¬
the-cast, Cannoner.
tat a a ead St. Mary's
ide-place, Vincent¬
uare,
r.  OPEN on Wednceday, th .




of Co.

iueati.
£100, and of
PREM of
20.—To Artist.

first class Designerso
Metallio Bedsteads, Chairs, &c.—A firm

 a complete new BOOK of DESIGNS of the abov
ARTICLES, offer a PREMIUM of £100 and £20, for the best TWO
SETS of DESIGNS that can be produced, each set to consist of 200d
designs, each design to be different in character, and to comprise:—10
cots in iron, 4 cots in brass, 8 children's bedsteads in iror, 3 ditto
in brass, 10 stump bedsteads in iron, 2 ditto in brass, 30 French
bedsteads in Gron, 12 ditto in brass, 30 half-toster bedsteads in
iron, 16 ditto in brass, 6 tester bedsteads in iron, 6 ditto in brass, 6
four-post bedsteads in iron, 6 ditto in brass, 4 naval bedsteads in iron,
 ditto in brass, 6 military bedsteads in iron, 4 ditto in brass, 6 portable
bedsteads in iron, 4 ditto in brass, 6 chairs in iron, 4 ditto in brass, 4
sofas in iron, 2 ditto in brass, 2 conches in iren, 2 ditto in brass, 3 wash¬
stands in iron, 2 ditto in Brass. The selected sets to be the exclusive
property of the advertiser; and the successful competitor for the £100
premium will be required to give his services for one month, to assist
ain dereon
ating the practicable working ont of the different patterns
for wh
wages
te e e durin g s u c e e d esi,


tullest ir
mation as to the cost of articles

te by ap es.
t ae t a nd Hill, ac.
aunt¬
tham, with whom


a n
osited, and by whom the sums offered will be paid to the
two sucestin .

e e d e ivere.
at the
offices of Messrs. Wright and Hill, on or before the 10th of November
nex
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE (established 1852),

Temple, under the direction of CHARLES
FREDERICK FIELD, late Chief of the Metropolitan Letective
Police. Inquiries made for noblemen, gentlemen, solicitors, railway
and other joint-stock companies. Evidence collected in divorce
cases, &c.
CARTE de VISITE PORTRAIT ALBUMS, to
contain 30 portraits, bound in morocco, with two handsome

Post free. 6d. extra. Fr
stamps or post-office order.—T. STEPHENSON, post-office, 99, Ox¬
ford-street, W.
CARTE de VISITE PORTRAIT ALBUMS, to

an nesonngilt.
dlasps. s. each; very elegant, 15s. 6d.—T. STEPHENSON, stationery

CARTE de VISITE PORTRAIT ALBUMS, to
contain 60 portraits, bound in morocco, with two handsome gilt
clasps, 15s. each. Ditto, for 100 portraits, 21s. each; for 200, very
elegant, 42s.—T. STEPHENSON, writing-case-maker, 99, Oxford-street,
W. Established 1843.
ALFRED CROWQUILL SUPERINTENDS the
Messrs. CLARKINGTON and Co.'sPHO¬

TOGRAPHIC STUDIO, 246 and 243, Regent-street, where a new style
of vignette portraits has been introduced with great socces.
