F Mr. A. T. JONES, who resided in the parish of
St. Clement Danes about the year 1856, will CALL upon Mr. Kent
he will oblige.
H. H.—Nothing less than asked will change my
purpose; will unwillingly defer it only if I can personally urge
request. If you wish this, appoint day, and write as usual till five

Variety of valuable CONTRIBUTIONS for the
BAZAAR, at the Hanover-square Ron,
on the 7th 8t and
8th of May in Ald of the UNITED KINGDOM BENEFICENT
ASSOCIATION, 5, Red Lion-square, are thankfully ACKNOW¬
LEDGED.
LOST, on Tuesday evening, the 236 inst., a little
BLACK and TAN DOG; has a sear on one of her legs. Had on
a brass collar. Answers to the name of "Tiny." Whoever brings her
to 43, Ludgate-hill, shall be REWARDED
FIVE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, on the 22d
or 23d inst., in the neighbourhood of Haverstock-hill, a DIA¬
AMOND MOURNING RING. Any one restoring the same to Messrs.
arogden and Sons, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden, shall receive the
above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday,
between Park-street and Belgrave-road, a GOLD CHAIN, to
which was attached two Finger Rings, a Watch Key, and Locket, &c.
Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Bingham 84, Mount-street, Gros¬
venor-square, shall receive the reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 24th
inst, between Leicester-square and Paddington Station, or
dropped in a cab, a short GOLD WATCH CHAIN, with two Watch
Keys, a Gold Pencil Case and Bugle, and Silver Medal of St. Bernard.
The above reward shall be paid upon delivering the same to Mrs. Ran¬
som, 42, Halfmoon-street, Piccadilly.
FOUND, on Friday, the 19th, in the neighbourhood
of Stoke Newington, a GOLD WATCH. Apply at 36, Halliford-¬
street, Islington.
FOUND, on Friday, 19th April, in the neighbourhood

ton, a large BLACK DOG. If not owned within five
days will be SOLD to pay expenses.—2, Lincoln-Street, King's-road,
Chelsen.
TWO CLOCKS where LEFT at 17, Carlton-house¬
terrace, some time ago, and awalt the claim of their owner to take
them away.
FRAMED PRINT, at Waterloo Station, taken by
mstake on the 23d inst. Owner can have it on payment of ex¬
e Address E. S. Kennedy Esher.
IF the HEIR at LAW of ESTHER PRITCHARD,
formerly of the city of Hereford, but who left that city between 12
and 15 years ago, and went to Birmingham, and there died about nine
years ago, will APPLY to Humfrys and Son, solicitors, Hereford, he
will HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE.
GIDDINGS.—If JAMES GIDDINGS, who emi¬
grated to America some years ago, and was the son of Matthew
Guidings, of Whittlesey, Cambridgeshire, yeoman, deceased, will apply
either to Thomas Bowker, Esq., solicitor, 1, Gray's-inn-square, London,
W.C., or to John W. Willders, Esq., solicitor, Whittlesey, he will
HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE.
JOHN ROBINS, deceased.—All persons claiming to
to be NEXT of KIN of JOHN ROBINS, late of the Wyndham
stables, Ormond-yard, Jermyn-Street, St. James's, Middlesex, job¬
master, deceased, are requested to send their names and addresses and
the particulars of their relationship to the undersigned,
—J. EDWIN CARTER, Solicitor, 11, Austinfriars.
DICHARD REICHMANN and Co., of No. 10,
Cullum-street, E.C., beg to give notice herewith, that all those
whe have rightful CLAIMS against them can apply to their office and
receive payment in cash.
BRITISH MUSEUM.—The British Museum
will be CLOSED on the 1st and RE-OPENED on the 8th of
May, 1867. No visitor can be admitted from the 1st to the 7th of May
inclusive.
WINTER JONES, Principal Librarian.
British Museum, April 26, 1867.
IVINGSTONE SEARCH EXPEDITION.—All
persons who have applied to serve as volunteers are hereby in¬
formed that, the search being essentially a boating expedition, two or
three acclimatised seamen and their leader will constitute the party.
This advertisement to be taken as an answer to the numerous applica¬
tions.—Itoyal Geographical Society, 15, Whitehall-place.
NEXT of KIN (new edition, never before published).
—A classified and descriptive INDEX (of 15,000 names gua¬
ranteed) to advertisements for next of kin, Chancery heirs, &c. from
1760 to 1866, sent post free for 30 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER,
No. 17, Southamston-buildings, Chancer-lane, London, W.C.
FOURTH NOTICE to the NEPHEWS and
NIECES o MATTHEW CHERRY and BRIDGET CHERRY,
formerly ERIDGET ROBINS, deceased.—Whereas. Matthew Cherry,
late of Weston, near Weedon, in the county of Northampton, and
formerly of No. 45, Great Peter-street, Westminster, brewer (who died
on the 19th day of November, 1861), by his will, dated the 2d day of
July, 1855, and proved in the Northampton District Court of Pro¬
bate, on the 11th day of December, 1861, by Christopher Garrett, of
Tadmarton, in the county of Oxford, farmer (since deceased), Charles
Cherry, of Marston St. Lawrence, in the county of Northampton,
farmer, and Mary Lovell, of Weston, near Weedon aforesaid, widow
(since deceased), the executors named in the said will, after be¬
queathing certain pecuniary legacies, did give and bequeath the re¬
sidue of his estate and effects unto the said Christopher Garrett,
Charles Cherry, and Mary Lovell, upon trust, to invest the same as
therein mentioned, and to pay the annual income thereof to his sister
the said Mary Lovell, for her life, and after her death to hold the said
trust fund, and the annual income thereof, upon trust, for all and
every the nephews and nieces of the testator's late father, Matthew
Cherry, and late mother, Bridget Cherry (whose maiden name was
Bridget Robins), who should come in and establish such relationship
to the satisfaction of his said trustees, or trustee, within 12 calendar
months after the decease of his said sister, Mary Lovell, and who
shouid at that time be resident in England, share and share alike, and
the said testator thereby directed his said trustees, or trustee, to in¬
sert, or cause to be inserted sir times in The Times newspaper and six
times in a Banbury newspaper an advertisement calling upon such
nephews and nieces to send in their claims to such relationship. And
whereas the said Mary Lovell died on the 11th day of September
last, now I, the undersigned, being the solicitor acting for and on be¬
half of the said Charles Cherry, the surviving executor of the said testa¬
tor de hereby require all persons CLAIMING to be NEPHEWS and
NIECES of the said late father and mother of the said testator, on or
befere the 11th day of September next, to send is to me, at my office
in Banbury, in the county of Oxford, the particulars and evidence of
their clamms to such relationship, and to establish such claims to the
satisfaction of the said Charles Cher
and I further give notice that
all claims which are not established to the satisfaction of the said
Charles Cherry on or before the 11th day of September next, will be
absolutely forfeited. —Dated this 23rd day of April, 1867.
JOHN FORTESCUE, Solicitor to the said Charles Cherry
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the Rev- ADOLPHUS KENT, of Melbourne, in the colony of
Victoria, clerk; MARIA de GENDRE, wife of Pierre de Gendre,
Esq., and the said PIERRE de GENDRE, of 68, Westbourne-terrace,
tin the parish of Paddington, in the county of Middlesex; and
GEORGE FREDERICK KENT and ALFRED KENT, both of the
colony of New Zealand, settlers.—Take notice, that a CITATION has
issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated the 19th
day of March, 1867, whereby Elizabeth, the wife of you the Rev.
Adelphus Kent, as a residuary legatee for life, and you Maria de
Gendre, the surviving child of Maria Fussell, and you George Frede¬
rick Kent and Alfred Kent, two of the children of the said Elizabeth
Kent, and as such respectively residunry legatees substituted in the
will, with four codicils thereto, of Peter Dowding, late of Shirehamp¬
ton, in the county of Glocester, deceased, are cited, within 30 days after
service thereof, to cause an appearance to be entered for you in the
Principal Registry of the said Court, and accept or refuse letters of ad¬
ministration (with the will and codicils annexed) of the unadminis¬
tered personal estate and effects of the said deceased, or show cause
why the same should not be granted to Henry John Hollier, as the
aministrator of the personal estate and effects of Minna Louisa Hol¬
lier, deceased, one other of the children of the said Elizabeth Kent,
and as such also a residuary legatee substituted in the said will, with
an intimation that, in default of such appearance, the said letters of
administration (with will and codicils annexed) will be granted to the
said Henry John Hollier.
HAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
GREGORY, ROWCLIFFES, and RAWLE, 1, Bedford-row,
Solicitors for Henry John Hollier.
THE SATURDAY HALF-HOLYDAY LADIES'
COMMITTEE.—In compliance with a resolution adopted at a
Meeting of Ladies of the Metropolis, held at Stafford-house on the
23d July last, at the invitation of her Grace the Duchess of Suther¬
land, the following Ladies have agreed to act as a Committee for Pro¬
mosing the Saturday Half-Holyday, through the co-operation of ladies
generally:—
Her Grace the Duchess of Sutherland.
Marchioness of Abercorn
Hon. Mrs. Loyd-Lindsay
Marchioness of Londonderry
Hon. Mrs. Hope

se¬
Countess of Shaftesbury
Lady Havelock
Countess Spencer
Lady James
Countess of Tankerville
Lady Marjoribanks
Countess Grey
Lady Manningham Buller
Countess of Lichfield
Mrs. Cavendish Bentinck
Countess Dowager of Lichfield
Mrs. MMurdo.
Countess Vane
Mrs. Richard Burgess.
Countess of Newburgh
Mrs. Charles Gilpin.
Viscountess Sydney
Mrs. W. Gilson Humphry
Lady Constance Grosvenor
Mrs. Benjamin Shaw
Lady Charlotte Denison
Mrs. Thomas Chambers
Lady Frederick Cavendish
Mrs. James Hamilton
Lady Elcho.

Lady Charles Bruce
Mrs. G. C. Glyn.
Lady Waterpark
Mrs. Culling Hanbury
Lady Louisa Wells
Mrs. usk.
Lady Caroline Kerrison
(With power to add to their number.
Any member of the Committee will be glad to receive additional
signatures to the list of ladies who undertake to promote the movement
by not shopping after 2 o'clock on Saturdays.
Communications can also be addressed to the Saturday Half-Holy¬
day General Committee, 100, Fleet-street, E.C.
FOURTEEN HUNDRED LADIES have already
signed an undertaking to abstain from shopping after 2 o'clock
 Saturdays. Offices, 100 Fleet-street, March, 1867.
CAUTION.—Trade Mark.—The WENHAM LAKE
ICE COMPANY give notice that every REFRIGERATOR, or
ice safe of their manufacture, bears their name and trade mark
firmly fixed to the inside, to imitate which is felony. This notice
has become necessary in consequence of the numerous imitations got
up, and represented to be the same as they sell. Sole office, Wenham
Lake Ice Company, 140, Strand.
CAUTION.—No ENGLISH KREOSOTE is
genuine unless with "Morson's" name and trade-mark on labels.
Hydye-carbon of foreign origin is being offered as English Kreosote,
and we, the sole English manufacturers, will not guarantee any unless
bearing our name and trade-mark.
MORSON and SON.
Nos. 31, 33, and 124, Southampton-row, Russell-square,
London, W. C.
CAUTION to the WINE TRADE.—LOUIS
ROEDERER's "CARTE BLANCHE" CHAMPAGNE.—In the
Second Chamber of the Imperial Court of Paris of the 6th February,
1865, in the cause of Louis Roederer v. Theophile Roederer and Co.,
dudgment was given in favour of the plaintiff; and it was decreed that
"The defendants shall be bound to insert henceforth in their adver¬
tisements, invoices, and prospectuses, as on their brands, labels, and
corks—1s9. The Christian name of Theophile. 2d. The following
note, "Established in 1864"; and further, " that this Christian name, and
this note, must appear there in letters of the same dimensions, and
of the same shape, as the name of Roederer." For the decree in full,
see The Times of the 27th of March, 1865; Manchester Guardian,
8th April; Liverpool Mercury, 14th July; Liverpool Courier, 25th July;
Liverpool Daily Post, 3d August.—Mr. Louis Roederer, by his agent
in England, again draws attention to the above decision of the Court
of Appeal, given at Paris on the 6th February, 1865, and in order to
avoid confusion of brands and disappointmene, requests the patrons
of his brand always to mention his Christian name of Louis, when
ordering his "Carte Blanche" Champagne.—Reims, December, 1866.
Note.—Mr. Louis Roederer employs no travellers, and his transac¬
tions in this country are confined to licensed English wine merchants.
SEA.—Caution.—Persons requiring berths for ap¬
prentices and boys in the merchant service are CAUTIONED
against replying to advertisements inserted by unauthorized persons
styling themselves agents, captains, shipbrokers, shipowners, &c. An
account of the persons recently convicted for unlawfully obtaining
money under the pretence of finding employment for boys and
others on board ship, together with an official list of persons who can
legally engage boys and others for merchant ships, may be obtained
(gratis and post free) on application to the Registrar-General of Sea¬
men, 6, Adelaide-place, London-bridge.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—PELLATT and Co.,
glass manufacturers to the Queen, have REMOVED from
the Baker-street Bazaar to Portman-house, 25, Baker-street. W.
NOTICE.—WARDEN and Co. (late McBAIN,
WARDEN, and Co.), special Highland tailors, have REMOVED
to their new premises, No. 18, Maddor-street, Regent-street.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—JAMES HETLEY and
Co. beg to inform their friends and customers that the BUSI¬
NESS hitherto carried on at their branch establishment, 14 Wigmore¬
street. Cavendish-square, will, after the 8th May, be REMOVED to
No, 35, Soho-square, W. The stock of alabaster, Parian and china
figures, vases, &c., is being sold at a very considerable reduction.—
Glass shade and window glass warehouse, 35, Soho-sq., London, W.
MR. FINZI, L.D.S., surgeon-dentist, begs to in¬
form his patients and friends that he has REMOVED from
York-house, 357, City-road, to 105, Gower-street, Bedford-square, W.C.
RGENTINE REPUBLIC.—A few more GEN¬
TLEMEN are needed to complete a party about to proceed to
the La Plata on the 9th June proximo, for the purpose of sheep and
cattle farming, &c. Each individual must possess a capital of at least
£500 to invest in the undertaking. As the number is limited, early ap¬
plication is requested, and arrangements will be made as soon as possi¬
ble for a meoting of those desirous of joining. Highest references
given and required. All particulars can be obtained by applying to
B. T., care of Thos. Young, Esq., 131, The Grove, Camberwell, S.,
TO NUMISMATISTS.—A COLLECTION of Bri¬
tish and Foreign COINS for SALE. Apply to W.B., 16, Thorne¬
road, South Lambeth, S.
