h
air
WHY so mysterious?
see us.—G. I—
Is implored to return to his anxious wife, o

again to write to C. P.
LOTTY.—Do WRITE. Letter received. A
answer returned, but I fear you must have left.—B.
MR. GEORGE WHIFFIN, who resided in Calal
in 1810 or 1812, is requested to COMMUNICATE his AL
DRESS to Messrs. Ardoin, Ricardo, and Co., 44, rue de la Chausse

—
SPECIAL NOTICE.—Any INFORMATION con
cerning any member of the FAMILY of BILL (or BILLS),i
Great Britain, is especially desired by the undersigned, to whom a
communications may be addressed. Parties need not pre-pay posta

on their letters. Address L. Bill, 75, Fulton-street, New York. U.S.,
IF the REPRESENTATIVES of Mrs. PARKEN
daughter of the late Mr. Thomas Vincent will CALL at th
offices of the undersigned, they may HEAR of SOMETHING to the
BENEFIT.—Hensman and Nicholson, 25, College-hill, Cannon-stree
west, London.
POLICE EXCESSES at HYDE-PARK.—All PER
SONS who SUFFERED from the VIOLENCE of the POLIC
of
at HYDE-PARK on Monday last, or who can give evidence thereo
are requested to COMMUNICATE with Mr. George Howell, Secretar¬
Reform League, 8, Adelphi-terrace; or to Messrs. Merriman and Buch
land, solicitors, 33, Poultry.
LOST, a LADY's GOLD GENEVA WATCH, No
7,224, examined by Dent. Whoever brings the above to 21, Lay
rence-lane, Cheapside, shall receive FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, on Monday, July 23, between Burlington
road and Queen's-gardens, Bayswater, a GOLD BRACELET
light blue enamelled. The finder shall be handsomely REWARDEL
on taking it to G. E. Waters, bookseller, 97, Westbourne-grove, W.
LOST, at the carriage accident in the Glocester-road
Wednesday, July 25, a PLAIN GOLD WATCH, with shield fo
initials, and long gold secret-links chain; also a small Gold Bracelet
with two horse-shoes linked, set with rubies and pearis. Whoever w
bring the same to 23, Hereford-square, South Kensington, shall
handsomely REWARDED.
LOST (supposed to have been dropped by a lady), d
the 25th inst., close to Hyde-park-corner, a GREEN LEATHE
PURSE, with steel clasp, containing two £5 notes, some gold and silver
and memoranda. The finder shall be suitably REWARDED onre
turning the above at 31, Notting-hill-terrace, where a full description o
the contents will be given
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, between the
city and west-end, a RUBY RING, set in eight diamonds, with
a piece of string attached. Apply at 18, Norfolk-street, Strane.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at Camden
town, on the 16th July, a GOLD WATCH, No. 19880, maker
me McCabe. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. McCabe
No. 32, Cornhill, shall receive the above reward.
TO FOUR-WHEELER CABMEN.—If the cab
man who, on the evening of Friday, 29th June, took a gentlemat
from 4, Suffolk-street, Pall-mall, to the Great Western Hotel, Pa¬
dington, will REURN a DESPATCH BOX, left in his cab, to th
porter at the Union Club. Trafalgar-square, he shall be REWARDEL
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. —LEFT, Tuesday
morning, ima first class carriage, between Victoria and Farring
don-street, a WHITE CAMBRIC EMBROIDERED CHILD
FROCK, wrapped in a newspaper. The reward shall be paid to an
one sending the parcel to the Clapham-road Station Master: or to Bed
ford-villa, Stockwell private road.
TEN POUND NOTE LOST. Was received in pay
ment from the Convent, Elm-villa, Upper Holloway. It had
been cut in two for transmission through post, and restored by slin
adhesive paper with printed words "postage sixpence." The NUM
BER and DATE are REQUIRED. This information would muc
oblige Mr. Lee. College-house, Highgate-hill.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, at the Basing
stoke Station, on June 1st, a small BLACK LEATHER BAG
containing books and memorandums, of no value except to owner. Ar
person sending bag and contents to Feldwick's Hotel, Sambrook-cour
Basinghall-street, E.C., shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—To Cabmen.—If th
DRIVER o a Hansom CAB, who took up one of two gentleme
walking together opposite the Reform Club on Monday night las
about 11 o'clock, and was told to drive to Cremorne, will applyt
C. L. D., Cox's Hotel, Jermyn-street, he shall receive the abov
rew
FOUND, a BANK NOTE. Apply to Mr. Watson
Rolls-house, Rolls-yard, Chancer-lane.
PERSONS of the NAMES of CONYERS, Blake
Angell, Abbott, Annesley, Brewer, Bruen, Butler, Cherry, Chey
ney, Ambler, Cotten, Dockwrav English, and Fairholt are hereby in
formed that some INFORMATION which may be to their advantag
is contained in the ninth number of RESEARCHES RESPECTING
FAMILY HISTORY, Unclaimed Property, and Estates in Abeyance
just published, Price 5s., or sent free for 62 postage stamps. Addres
J. H. Fennell, 49, Millbank-street, Westminster, S.
MIDDLESEX.—Music or Dancing Licences.—
Notice is hereby given, that all persons intending to apply fo
the grant or renewal of any LICENCE for MUSIC or DANCING
under the Statute 25 Geo. II., c. 36 (except in the case of a transfer of
any licence as hereinafter mentioned), must, two months at the least
before Monday, the 1st day of October next, which will be the con
mencement of the next Michaelmas Quarter Session, cause a notice (in
the undermentioned form) to be affixed upon the outer door or othe
conspicuous part of the premises sought to be licenced, and upon th
outer door of the police station or other place of confinement in th
parish in which such premises shall be situate, also serve copies
such last-mentioned notice upon the Churchwardens and Overseer
of the parish in question, and also upon the Clerk to the Vestry, o
the Guardians of the union or parish in which the house is situate, wit
the view to such notice being affixed in the entrance-hall or some con
spicuous part of the building in which the meetings of such Vestryo
Guardians are held, and must also give two months notice at leas
before the said 1st day of October next to me, at the Sessiens-houses
Clerkenwell, and to the Clerk of the Petty Sessions of the division
wherein the premises are situate, of their intended application.
In every case where any person having a music or dancing licene
shall transfer his premises to any other person, such incoming tenar
shall give one month instead of two months notice as above required
Form of Notice.
"I,— of — in the parish of —, do hereby giv
notice, that I intend to apply, under the provisions of the Statut
25 Geo. II., c. 36, at the next Michaelmas Quarter Session for th
county of Middlesex, to be holden at Clerkenwell on the 4th day o
October, 1866, for a licence for (here insert the particuler sort or sort
of public entertainment for which the licence is required) to be carried
on within the house or premises situate at —, or known by the
name of (as the case may be) and now in the occupation of me, the sub
scriber hereto."
And notice is also given, that every person presenting any petition
against the grant or renewal of any licence must leave with me, at th
Sessions-house, Clerkenwell, 14 clear days before the said 1st day
October, a copy of such counter-petition, for the inspection of the party
applying for such grant or renewal.
And that every applicant for a licence is required to attend the Cour¬
personally on the said 4th day of October, which will be the day for
granting licences, unless a reason satisfactory to the Court shall
assigned for his absence.
RICHARD NICHOLSON, Clerk of the Peace.
Sessions-house.
Clerkenwell, 21st July, 1866.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 345.—
Dunstead's Farm, Truelove's Farm, and Fawncroft, Ingatestone
Essex.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 52
notice is hereby given, that on the application of JAMES CARTHEU
QUICK, of Ingatestone, in the county of Essex, Esquire, the Registra
of the Office of Land Registry intends, at the expiration of thre
calendar months from the date hereof to REGISTER with an in
defeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS, called or known as Dur
stead's Farm, Truelove's Farm, and Faunes Croft, in the parish of Ir
gatestone, in the county of Essex, containing 120a. 3r. 4p. or ther
abouts, partly in hand and partly in the tenure or occupation of Georg
Self, bounded in part on or towards the south-east by the public roud
from Chelmsford to London, and which hereditaments are
delineated on the map No. 345, deposited in the Office of Land
Registry as part of the description of the same hereditaments, an
thereon edged with red, together with the mines and minerals under th
same hereditaments. If any person objects to, or desires to show cau¬
against, such registration, or claims that the same should be subjectt
any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or encur
brance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before th
Registrar, should be entered on the register with reference to suc
hereditaments, such person may be heard at the Office of Lann,
Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiratio
of the said three calendar months from the date hereof, personally of
by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make sucl
objection or to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect
of, such registration. But any person desiring to make such objection
or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulare
thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the Office
Land Registry, before the expiration of the said three calendar month
from the date hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from making th
same. The said map of the said hereditaments deposited in the Offic
of Land Recistry may be inspected at the said office at any tim
before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the dat
hereof. —Dated this 27th day of July, 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
REDPATH and HOLDSWORTH, 3, Suffolk-lane, London
E.C., Solicitors to the Applicant.
ADULTERATION.—PUBLIC NOTICE.—Act
25 and 26 Vic., cap. 88. —Several makers of cheap baking powders
have imitated the wrappers of BORWICK's ORIGINAL BAKINC
POWDERS so closely that consumers have been deceived thereby, to
the injury of the reputation of Borwick's Baking Powder; this is to
give notice, that for the better protection of the public, the under
signed has adopted an entirely NEW TRADE LABEL (duly regis
tered), and to imitate which is felony.
All persons forging the labels will be prosecuted under the Act 2
and 26 Vic., cap. 88.
GEORGE BORWICK.
No. 24, Chiswell-Street, February, 1866.
MERSEY DOCK ESTATE.—Loans of Money.—
The Mersey Docks and Harbour Board hereby give notice, that
they are willing to receive LOANS of MONEY on the security of thel
bonds, at the rate of £4 15s. per centum per annum interest, for periods
of three, five, or seven years.
Interest warrants for the whole term, payable half-yearly at the
bankers of theBoard in Liverpool or in London, will be issued with
eaahc h   ond.
Communications to be addressed to George J. Jefferson, Esq., Trea¬
surer, Dock-office, Liverpool.
By order of the Board,		JOHN HARRISON, Secretary.
Dock-office, Liverpool, April 17, 1866
WORTHING LOCAL BOARD of HEALTH.—
Loans of Money.—The Worthing Local Board of Health (with
the sanction of Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home
Department) are prepared to BORROW £7,500 (in one or more sum.
as after-mentioned), to be repayable either in 30 or 50 years by equai
annual instalments of principal and interest combined, accordingt
certain tables issued from the office of the Local Government Act, 1858
on security of the general district rates leviable within the district o
Worthing under the Public Health Act, 1848, and the Local Govern
ment Act, 1858. The repayment of any loan or loans may be secured
at the option of the lender, by having set apart annually as a sinkin
fund a sufficient sum of money which, with accumulations in the way
of compound interest, will be sufficient to pay off the moneys borrowe
within either of the periods abovementioned. Tenders may be mad¬
in one sum, or in several sums of not less than £100. Sealed tenders
stating rate of interest, and within which of the abovementioned
periods the loan is to be repayable, and whether by annual instalments
or by a sinking fund, to be sent to the undersigned on or before th
13th day of August, 1866. By order.
WM. HUGH DENNETT, Clerk to the Local Board.
No. 5, Bedford-row, Worthing, 23 July, 186
SATURDAY HALF-HOLYDAY.—Messrs. GOODH
beg respectfully to state that their WAREHOUSES will b
CLOSED in future at TWO O'CLOCK on SATURDAYS. — Depot fo
Minton's china, 19, South Audley-street, Grosvenor-square.
SATURDAY HALF-HOLYDAY. — Messrs
JAMES SHOOLBRED and Co. beg most respectfully to inforn
their friends and the public in general their ESTABLISHMENT will
be CLOSED on SATURDAYS at TWO O'CLOCK.—Tottenham-court
road, July, 1866.
DUR Customers and the public are respectfully in¬
formed that for the present our SHOP will be CLOSED or
SA.
UR.
Ae S at TWO o'clock, in unison with
veral other house.
in the city and thewest-end.
ACAPPER, SON, and Co.
racechurch-steet and Fenchurch-street, cit.
NOTICE.—Messrs. DRUCE and Co. respectfully
announce that their ESTABLISHMENT, 58, 68, 69, Baker
street, and 3 and 4, King-street, Portman-square, will be CLOSED a
2 o'clock on Saturday next, 28th inst., in consequence of their annua
dinner, which takes place on that day.
NOTICE.—In consequence of numerous mistakes and
inquiries, PETER ROBINSON begs to inform his customers and
the public that for the future his MOURNING BUSINESS will be
conducted at the premises but recently completed—viz, 256, 258, 260
262, Regent-street, and not, as formerly, at his coloured establishment
Nos. 103 to 108, Oxford-street. W.
THE OFFICES of Messrs. ALEX. F. RIDGWAY
and SONS, army, civil service, and colonial agents, have beer
REMOVED from Nos. 39, 40, and 41, Leicester-square, to No. 2, Water
loo-place, Pall-mall, S.W.
WHAT is YOUR CREST and MOTTO:—Send
name and county to CULLETON's heraldic library; also 3s. 6d
in stamps, and a plain sketch will be sent; coloured sketch, 6s.;
handsome painting of arms, crest, and motto, 12s. ; pedigrees and
family history traced: information how to obtain a grant of arms
the proper heraldic colours for servants' liveries; also seal engraving
crest on seal or ring, 7s. 6d.; book plate, with arms, 21s.—T. Culleton
No. 25, Cranbourn-Street, corner of St. Martin's-lane, W.C.
MONOGRAMS (PARKINS and GOTTO'S)
Sketches by the first artists in London, and dies cut in the
best posssible manner, at half the usual charges, and remain the pros
perty of the customer. No charge made for plain stamping. Colou
stamping reduced to 1s. per 100. 40 hands for stamping being kept
upon the premises, P. and G. are enabled to execute orders to any ex
tent with great care and despatch.—Parkins and Gotto, 24, 25, 27
and 28, Oxford-street, London, W. N.B. The largest stock in London
of dressing cases, bags, writing cases, and presents of all kinds.
