BAMON y CARBONELL.—If a GENTLEMAN
who called on M. I. S., with reference to a transaction in 1840,
will kindly COMMUNICATE with M. I. S., Commercial Sale Rooms,
Mincing-lane, he will greatly oblige.
WIOLENCE of a POLICE-CONSTABLE.—If any
GENTLEMAN who WITNESSED the ASSAULT upon a
LADY in Piccadilly, in front of the Cafe Riche, by a police-constable
about a quarter past 1 in the morning of the 7th inst, will COMMU¬
NICATE with Henry Philpot, Esq., solicitor, 7, South-square, Gray's¬
inn, he will confer a great favour on the gentleman who appeared as a
witness for the lady at Marlborough-street Police Court.
ROYAL LONDON OPHTHALMIC HOSPITAL,
Blomfield-street, Finsbury-circus, E.C.—The Board of Manage¬
ment beg to ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of £23 16s. 4d., through
the poor boxes of the Hospital, during the past mouth.

J. MOGFORD, Secretary.
THE Committee of the LONDON INFIRMARY
for ULCERATED LEGS, &c., 1, Red Lion-square, W. C., gratefully
ACKNOWLEDGE £50 from the Worshipful Company of Grocers.
Further help is earnestly solicited for this valuable Charity.
ST. JOHN's MISSION RAGGED SCHOOL, St.
George's-in-the-East.—The Hon. Secretary begs gratefully to
ACKNOWLEDGE the following CONTRIBUTIONS, and implores
further aid:—J. C. Pintwin, Esq., £1 1s.; J. W. Hardwick, Esq., £.
Philip C., 10s. ; a Mother's Mite, 5s.; F. H. K., 2s. 6d.; Louisa and
H. G. Z., 2s. each; E. S., M. A. H., J. Rouse, G. W. H., K. F.,
Mrs. Corbet, and a Reader of the Standard, 1s, each; Anonymously, 1s.
LOST, on the afternoon of the 8th of December, in
the neighbourhood of Charles-street and John-street, Berkeley¬
square, a SMOOTH TERRIER BITCH, white with black spots, and
tan eyebrows, answers to the name of "Nettle." Whoever will brin
No. 18, Charles-street, Berkeley-square, shall receive ONE POUND

LEFT in a Hansom, on Wednesday last, be¬
tween Oxford-terrace and Holland-park, the FIRST VOLUME
 FRENCH BOOK,
Maudit." Whoever brings it to
No. 6, Jermyn-street, shall be REWARDED.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, between
Newington-place and the Walworth-road, an ENGRAVED
THREE-RING COIL BROOCH, with Garnet centre. Any person
bringing the same to Mr. Anderson, jeweller, near St. Mary Newing¬
ton Church, shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday,
Dec. 6, from a carriage, probably between Old Cavendish-street
and Mount-street, from 4 to 5 p.m., a SABLE MUFF. Whoever will
bring the same to 32a, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square, shall receive
the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—To Cabmen and
others.—LEFT, in a Hansom CAB, which took up at Ken¬
sington Barracks, and set down at London-bridge Station, on Thursday.
the 8th instant, an ALARUM CLOCK, with spring for lighting taper,
&c silver face, gilt exterior, and enclosed in a mahogany case. Ad¬
dress to hall porter, Guards Club, Pall-mall.
FOUND, in a carriage, on the London and South¬
Western Railway, a PURSE, containing money, &c. Any person
owning the same, by writing to H. P., Seale's library, Circus-road, St.
John's wood, giving a description of its contents, can receive it on
paying expenses.
SUPPOSED to be DEAD, BENJAMIN BROWN,
son of Benjamin and Penelope Brown, many years since of
Abbotts Bromley, and afterwards of Handsworth, Staffordshire. Was
last seen in Birmingham, 10 years ago, in ill-health, and has not been
heard of since. He was a journeyman gunsmith, but given to tramn
ing, and in the season went hop picking. THREE GUINEAS RE¬
WARD will be paid by Mr. Soars, solicitor, Birmingham, for a CER¬
TIFICATE of his BURIAL.
TO NEXT of KIN, Heirs-at-Law, &c.—A gentleman,
of some experience in the prosecution of claims and the recovery
of legacies under wills, and establishing the title as heir at-law and
next of kin to trust estates, can be CONSULTED by letter, addressed
A. Z., Mr. Marshall's, Brownlow-street, Bedford-row.
MISSING FRIENDS, Next of Kin, &c.—PER¬
SONAL INQUIRIES made for MISSING FRIENDS, &c.,
abroad, through correspondents resident in all the chief towns in the
United States of America, Canada, Australia, and the other British
colonies. Or advertisements inserted in the newspapers.—GUN and
Co., American and colonial agents, 17, Charlotte-street, Bedford-square.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £2,184 Reduced 3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of THOMAS
BULKELEY, of Clewer-lodge, Windsor, Esq., and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the divi¬
dends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 10th October, 1854;
—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon
paid, to the said Thomas Bulkeley, who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank
of England to direct the payment of six dividends on various
sums of £3 5s. per Cent. Annuities and New Three Per Cent An¬
nuities, heretofore standing in the name of ANDREW FLETCHER
DAVIDSON, of Haddington, Scotland, Esq., and which dividends
were paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National
Debt, in consequence of the first thereof having remained unclaimed
since the 5th April, 1854;—Notice is hereby given that, on the ex¬
piration of three months from this date, the said Dividends will be
paid to the said Andrew Fletcher Davidson, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his
claim thereto.
NOTICE.—BROKERS.—City of London.—
Whereas, by an Act of Parliament passed in the 6th year of the
reign of her late Majesty, Queen Anne, it is enacted "That all per¬
sons that shall act as Brokers within the city of London and Liberties
thereof shall from time to time be admitted by the Court of Mayor
and Aldermen of the said city for the time being, under such restric¬
tions and limitations for their honest and good behaviour as
that Court shall think fit and reasonable"; and by an Act of Parlia¬
ment passed in the 57th year of the reign of his late Majesty, King
George III., after reciting the said first-mentioned Act, it is enacted
"That if any person shall take upon him to act as a Broker, or employ,
or cause, permit, or suffer any person or persons to be employed with,
under, or for him, to act as such within the said city and liberties,
not being admitted in pursuance of the said recited Act, every such per¬
son so offending shall forfeit and pay to the use of the Mayor and
Commonalty and citizens of the said city, for every such offence, the
sum of £100, to be recovered by action of debt, in the name of the
Chamberlain of the said city, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Re¬
cord"; and whereas, there is great reason to believe that many persons
who are not admitted by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen do exercise
the office of a Broker, and employ others "under them to act as such,
within the said city and liberties, in contempt and violation of the law,
to the great injury and prejudice of those who are duly admitted to be
brokers of this city, and to the manifest hazard of merchants and
others employing persons who are under no restrictions or limitations,
nor have given bond with sureties for their honest and good behaviour,
as brokers regularly admitted by the Court of Aldermen are subjected
to: Notice is therefore hereby given, that whoever will give IN¬
FORMATION, either to the Comptroller, at his office in Guildhall, or
to Mr. John Thornton, 2, Guildhall-chambers, Basinghall-street,
receiver of brokers' rents, of any offence committed contrary to the
said Act, shall receive a REWARD of FIFTY POUNDS on convic¬
tion of the offender, who will be prosecuted on such information at
the expense of the city.
WOODTHORPE.
SOUTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT
DISTRICT.—St. Saviour's Union.—I, the undersigned, Auditor
of the above named District, do hereby give notice, that I have
APPOINTED the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the St. Saviour's
Union, and of the parishes therein contained (and mentioned at the
foot of this notice), for the half-year ended the 29th of September,
1864, to commence on Thursday, the 22d day of December inst., at
12 o'clock at noon, at the Union Workhouse, when and where all per¬
sens who by law are bound to account at such audit are required to
attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers, con¬
taining or relating to the accounts or to moneys assessed for, or appli¬
cable to, the relief of the poor.—Dated the 9th day of December 1864.
JOHN C. MEYMOTT, District Auditor.
No. 5. Albion-place, Blackfriars-bridge.
Parishes comprised in the abovenamed Union: Christchurch, St.
Saviour.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—Whereas, certain
persons have been going about the country falsely representing
themselves as travellers for the firm of Lewis and Allenby, of Regent¬
street, London, silkmercers, and offering for sale articles represented
as part of that firm's stock: Notice is hereby given, for and on behalf
of the said LEWIS and ALLENBY, that they neither employ travel¬
lers nor authorize persons to go about the country soliciting orders;
and with a view to the detection and punishment of the parties making
so fraudulent a use of their name, a reward of £50 is hereby offered
by the said Lewis and Allenby to any person giving such information
as shall result in a conviction of the offending parties: such reward to
be paid on conviction. Information to be sent to J. H. and R. Tyas,
No. 13, Beaufort-buildings, Strand, London, the solicitors of the said
Lewis and Allenby.
J. H. and R. TYAS, 13, Beaufort¬
9th December, 1864.
buildings, Strand.
WE, the undersigned Sarah Emma Farmer, of
Morton-terrace, in Gainsborough, in the county of Lincoln,
widow, Henry Grimes Farmer, of the Haven, in the parish of Firbeck,
in the West Riding of the county of York, farmer, Richard Thomp¬
son, of Gainsborough aforesaid, teadealer and grocer, and Charles
Whittong of the city of Lincoln, draper (the executors appointed and
acting under the will of Thomas Adwick Farmer, late of Morton¬
terrace, in Gainsborough aforesaid, ironmonger, iron merchant, and
ironfounder, deceased), and Charles Richard Farmer of Gainsborough
aforesaid, ironmonger, iron merchant, and ironfounder, do hereby give
notice and declare that the PARTNERSHIP heretofore subsisting
between the said Thomas Adwick Farmer and Charles Richard Farmer,
and who carried on business together at Gainsborough aforesaid, as
ironmongers, iron merchants, and ironfounders, under the firm of
.T. A. Farmer and Son, has been DISSOLVED, by mutual consent, as
on and from the 30th day of July now last past; and that all debts
due and owing to and by the said late partnership in respect of the
said businesses will be received and paid (as the case may be) by the
said Charles Richard Farmer, who from the above date has carried on
and will continue to carry on the said businesses on his own separate
account, As witness our hands this 28th day of November 1864.
S. E. FARMER.
CHARLES WHITTON.
H. G. FARMER.
CHAS. RD. FARMER.
RICHD. THOMPSON.
Witness to the signing hereof by all parties, Saml. Hayes, solicitor,
Gainsborough.
ELLWOOD's PATENT AIR CHAMBER HATS
and HELMETS.—CAUTION.—The patentees having established
the validity of their patent in an action tried on the 20th and 21st days
of June last, in the Court of Common Pleas, at Westminster, in which
Ellwood and another, of No.24, Great Charlotte-street, Blackfriars-road,
in the borough of Southwark, wholesale hat manufacturers, were plain¬
tiffs, and Christy and others, of No.35, Gracechurch-street, in the city of
London, also wholesale hat manufacturers, were defendants, and the
Court of Common Pleas having on the 15th day of November inst.
refused the defendants' application for a new trial with costs to be paid
by the defendants, we, the undersigned solicitors for the said plain¬
tiffs, do hereby give notice to all manufacturers, dealers in and sellers
of hats, caps, or helmets, that we are instructed to proceed by suit in
Chancery against all persons so manufacturing, dealing in, or selling
hats, caps, or helmets constructed on the principle of Ellwood's Patent
Air Chamber Hat, unless the previous consent of the patentees be
obtained; at the same time the plaintiffs reserve to themselves the
right of taking proceedings against prior infringers.—Dated this 17th
day of November, 1864.
GRANE, SON, and FESENMEYER, 23, Bedford-row, Solicitors for
Messrs. Ellwood and Sons, 24. Great Charlotte-street, Southwark,
Patentees for Air Chamber Hats and Helmets,
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz.:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
CAUTION.-HARRIS's SPECTACLES. THOMAS
HARRIS and SON CAUTION the public against persons using
their name. Business (established 1780) solely conducted at 52, Great
Russell-street, opposite the British Musem-gate, where only can be had
their celebrated spectacles, opera and field glasses. No travellers.
CAUTION.—BEERENGINES.—Messrs. SANDERS
find it necessary to caution licensed victuallers at home and
abroad, against persons using their name as makers of Stocker's
patents, they being the possessors and sole manufacturers. The
levers supplied to the trade, who pay a royalty, are all stamped with
their trade mark. Show rooms, 473, Oxford-street; works, 100, High
Holborn. Illustrated sheets free by post.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—T. MLEAN publisher
and printseller begs to announce that on the 24th of December
next he will REMOVE from 26, Haymarket, to his new and extensive
premises, 7, Haymarket, next door to the Haymarket Theatre.
NOTICE.—JOHN BROGDEN continues to carry
on the business at 16, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden, his late
partner having relinquished his share and interest in the said business
and the goodwill thereof.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—P. G. DODD and SON,
goldsmiths, &c., beg to acquaint their friends and the public
that, having sold their premises in Cornhill, they have REMOVED
their business to 146, Leadenhall-Street, nearly opposite the New East
India-buildings.
NOTICE.—Mr. WATHERSTON (late of Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden, goldsmith, begs respectfully to inform
the nobility and gentry that his late partnership having been dissolved
he now carries on the same system of business at 12, Pall-mall east
adjoining the National Gallery, under the firm of Watherston and Son'
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—McLEAN and HAES,
photographers and miniature painters, beg to announce that on
the 24th December next they will REMOVE from 26, Haymarket, to
their new premises, No. 7, Haymarket, next door to the Haymarket
Theatre.
MITH and SON, map and globe publishers, RE¬
MOVING from 172, Strand, to 63, Charins-cross. S.W., opposite
the Napier statue.
