INCOGNITA.—LETTER RECEIVED, with grate¬
ful acknowledgments. The utmost secresy may be relied on.
More distinct and precise guidance is earnestly solicited. Letters ad¬
dressed as before will be immediately forwarded.
THE GENTLEMAN, who left for his holyday, on
Saturday, 23d May, accompanied by his wife, and who has not
yet returned, is earnestly requested to COMMUNICATE immediately
with some member of his family, to relieve the distress of mind of his
father and mother. From LEWIS
MISSING, from London, since the 14th, a YOUTH,
age 14 (looks 16), height 5 feet 3, dark hair, grows low on the
forehead and at the ears, dark blue eyes (deep set), round face, short
nose, with large and uneven mark on the neck, under the left ear,
from a sore. Dark blue coat, gray trousers and vest, laced boots,
white hat or cloth cap. Linen marked "H. P. D." Information to
Inspector Hamilton, 26, Old Jewry, E.C., London; or Bow-lane
Station.
LOST (HALF-a-GUINEA REWARD), a PAPER,
containing drawings of carriages. To be taken to the Toll Col¬
lector, Staines-bridge ; or The Elms, Old Windsor.
LOST (East India Railway Company) a COUPON,
for £250 Consolidated Stock, in the name of Alexander Muir
Mackenzie Minto, care of Messrs. Foote and Adams, 75, Old Broad¬
street, E.C.
LOST, the FIRST VOLUME of CLAYTON's "IL
PELLEGRINO," with pencil references on the margin—left
on a chair in Rotten-row, on Thursday, 11th inst. Whoever will bring
it to 10, Stanhope-terrace, Hyde-park, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Sunday, June 14, at All Saints' Church,
Paddington, after morning service, a PRAYER BOOK and
BIBLE, in a dark green leather case, dropped in going out of the
church, or left in a cab which took two ladies to Glocester-square,
Hyde-park. Whoever has found the same, and will take it to Mr.
Rhind, Little Sussex-place, Hyde-park-gardens, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Wednesday, the 17th inst., from 12 to 1
o'clock, between Railway-place, Fenchurch-street, and the Bank
of England, a CHEQUE for £219 2s., on Messrs, Prescott, Grote, and
Co., bankers, drawn by Messrs. Harrold, Brothers. Whoever will bring
the same to Messrs. Nicolson, Brothers, 5. Jeffrey-square, E.C., shall be
liberally REWARDED. Payment is stopped.
BANK of ENGLAND FIVE-POUND NOTES.—
Missing Halves.—WANTED, the HALF-NOTE of T with O
under, 42692, or that of T with Q under, 42691. Apply to Mr. Webb,
No. 9, Snargate-street, Dover.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, between
Old Burlington-street and Berkeley-square, a KEY of BERKE¬
LEY-SQUARE. Whoever will bring the same to 30, Old Burlington¬
street, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in the Great
Northern Station at King's-cross, on Friday last, the 19th inst.,
a PLAIN GOLD PENCIL-CASE, without seal. Whoever brings it
to Messrs. Ridgway, publishers, Piccadilly, shall receive the above
reward.
OXFORD COMMEMORATION MASONIC
BALL.—LOST, a GOLD BRACELET, chased band of gold with
carbuncle in centre, surrounded by worked Grecian pattern. Hand¬
some REWARD to finder, if required. Address E. W., Randall's,
No. 22, High-Street, Oxford.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday
evening, 22d of June, either in William-street, Lowndes-square,
or Princes-terrace, a DOUBLE BREAST-PIN, of opals and diamonds.
Supposed to have been dropped getting into a carriage. Whoever
brings it back to 70, Lowndes-square, shall receive the above reward.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednes¬
day, the 17th, a GOLD, engine-turned, GENEVA HUNTING
WATCH, with chain and seal, either dropped in Albert-gate-house, or
ina Hansom cab, between Hyde-park-corner and Old Bond street.
Whoever will bring the watch to Mr. Adcock, fronmonger, Halkin¬
street west, shall receive the above reward. —Last Advertisement
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
afternoon, a BLUE TURQUOISE BROOCH, in gold setting,
supposed to have been dropped in getting out of a carriage either in
Coventry-street or at Parkins and Gotto's. Any person restoring the
same to No. 8, Grange-terrace, Michael's-grove, Brompton, shall receive
the above reward.
TIN BOX MISSING, on Saturday morning last,
between Birmingham and London. Colour brown, size about 16
by 20 inches, padlock fastening. It had a label tied on, addressed to
No. 1, Alfred Villas, Upper Holloway: from Lambert, Brothers,
Walsall, printed large. Information as to the case or label, please post
to the address thereon, or to any station on the London and North¬
Western Railway. Persons arriving in London by the 1,30 on Saturday,
if they saw the box on the platform, or a cab, will please write to
B. L., Brothers, Walsall.
DETAINED, when offered in pledge, a GOLD
WATCH, by Frodsham and Baker. Application to be made at
Messrs. Dicker and Scarlett's, pawnbrokers, 20 and 21, Hereford-place,
Commercial-road east.
FOUND, on the Derby Night, a FRENCH POODLE
(white), with no tail. Apply to J. B., 3, Arlington-street, Picca¬
dilly. If not owned within seven days from this date it will be SOLD
to defray expenses.
NEXT of KIN WANTED.—If JOHN HORWOOD
or ELIZABETH HORWOOD, born respectively at Aylesbury,
in 1757 and 1766, and who were the children of John and Elizabeth
Horwood, or any of their descendants, are now living, they will HEAR
of SOMETHING to their ADVANTAGE, on applying to us.—Forbes
and Horwood, solicitors, 8, Warnford-court, Throgmorton-street.
MAMMOND.—If the Rev. JAMES HAMMOND.
curate of Hartley Westpall, Hants, in 1817, and afterwards, it
is believed, rector of Hannington, Hants, which he vacated in 1836, and
was living, about 20 years ago, in Pimlico, not far from Magnus's slate
works, will apply to John Gwynne, Esq., solicitor, Tenby or to W. A.
Holcombe
Esq., 14, Warwick-court, Gray's-inn, he will HEAR of
SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE; or any person who will furnish
the present Residence of the said James Hammond to the said John
Gwynne or W. A. Holcombe, or (if dead) the time and place of his
death, will be Rewarded for his trouble
MR. GEORGE PETERS, late of No. 6, Upper
Albany-street, Regent's-park, deceased.—FIVE POUNDS RE¬
WARD will be given to any person who will give information that shall
lead to the DISCOVERY of the WILL of the said Mr. GEORGE
PETERS. The will (which was written on a sheet of foolscap paper
bookwise) was dated some time in the year 1862, and was executed at
the office of Messrs. Rhodes, Sons, and Duffett, of No. 63, Chancery¬
lane, and taken thence by the said Mr. George Peters. Apply to Messrs.
Richards and Clarke, solicitors, 9, Chapel-Street, Bedford-row.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
WILLIAM POWER, of Port Adelaide, in South Australia, and
NICHOLAS POWER, at present on board the ship or vessel Green¬
wood, now on a voyage to Madras, in the East Indies.—Take notice,
that a CITATION has issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court of
Probate, dated the 15th day of June, 1863, at the instance of Joseph
Love, citing you, as two of the natural and lawful children of William
Power, late of No. 68, New Elvet, in the city of Durham, gentleman,
deceased, within 30 days after service thereof, to cause an appearance
to be entered for you in the Principal Registry of the said Court, and
you, the said William Power, personally, and you, the said Nicholas
Power (a minor), lawfully, to accept or refuse letters of administration
of the personal estate and effects of the said deceased, or show cause
why the same should not be granted to the said Joseph Love as a
creditor of the said deceased, with an intimation that in default of
your so appearing, accepting, and extracting the said letters of ad¬
ministration, the same will be granted to the said Joseph Love.
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
JOHNSON and COOTE. Doctors'-commons, London, Proctors.
FOXWELL v. THOMAS.—The plaintiff having
obtained a final verdict, establishing his patent right, Judkins',
16th October, 1852, is prepared to GRANT LICENCES thereunder;
and all persons who have made, used, or sold machines, in infringe¬
ment of that patent, except those sold by W. F. Thomas, for which
he has paid the plaintiff, are required forthwith to make a return
thereof to the plaintiff's solicitor, and proceedings will be adopted
against all infringers who do not immediately pay to him the royalties
on the machines they have made, used, and sold.
H. WICKENS, Solicitor to D. Foxwell, of Manchester,
4, Tokenhouse-yard, Bank.
TO PLUMBERS.—The Trustees of Mrs. Ann
Newton's Charity, for placing out every year one boy belonging
to the parish of St. James's, Westminster, apprentice to some respec¬
table trade, with a premium of £31, will meet at the Vestry-hall,
next St. James's Church, Piccadilly, on Friday, the 3d of July next,
at 6 o'clock in the evening precisely, to receive APPLICATIONS for
such APPRENTICE (age 15 years) from persons carrying on the
abovementioned trade, for which the boy has expressed a preference.
Any further information required may be obtained daily, betweer 10
and 4 o'clock, at the parochial office, next the workhouse, in Poland¬
street, Oxford-street, where the boy may be seen. Every applicant for
the apprentice must attend at the above meeting in person, and bring
a card containing his name, address, and business, with two references
as to character, &c. None but householders need apply.
By order of the Trustees. GEORGE BUZZARD, Clerk.
FULHAM-BRIDGE.—Important
Notice.—The
public are informed that the ROAD leading from London to Wim¬
bledon-common, through Fulham, will be OPEN for traffic till the end
of July, in consequence of the main drainage works being suspended
till that period.
NOTICE.—The Habana Cigar Company CAUTION
all persons from assuming or using the name of the Habana
Cigar Company, or any colourable imitation thereof, as proceedings
will be taken by injunction in Chancery; and they respectfully inform
the public that their only establishments are at 48, Pall-mall, and
No. 104, Cheapside.
"LOUIS SILBERBERG, Manager.
CAUTION.—SAFETY WAISTBELT, with Purse
and Watch Fob (registered as the law directs under Stat. 6 and 7
Vic., cap. 65), for ladies and gentlemen. Any person making or selling
any infringement of this (my) invention will be immediately proceeded.
against. To be had (wholesale) only of ALBERT L. SALOMONS,
No. 30a, St. Paul's churchyard, E.C.—June 19, 1863. Information to

CAUTION.—59th Geo. III., cap. 7, sec. 8, intituled
"An Act to regulate the Cutlery Trade in England, provides that
any offender against this Act may be committed to prison by two
justices of the peace for three calendar months." The undersigned
have reason to believe that their corporate trade mark, "The Sun," is
extensively forged on swords, cutlery, and tools, which are exported to
South America: and they give notice that they will PROSECUTE all
persons manufacturing or selling goods fraudulently stamped with
"The Sun,"
(Signed). MAPPIN, BROTHERS.
Nos. 67 and 68, King William-street, London, May 8, 1863
CAUTION against COPIED PHOTOGRAPHS.—
Whereas several advertisements have appeared, stating that the
advertisers could re-produce Cartes de Visite by photography at a low
price, now I, CAMILLE SILVY, caution all persons against such pro¬
ceedings, which infringe the acts for the protection of property in
works of art. I may also state that perfect copies of my photographs
cannot be obtained by this method, there being always a great diffe¬
rence between a spurious copy and the original proof. In order to
secure, at any time, proofs from the original plates, I have kept them
in perfect order from first to last (above 15,000 in number), and from
these plates, and these alone, the public may be sure of obtaining
proofs, either of the same size or enlarged, perfectly equal to the first.

FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—Infringement of
Trade Mark.—CAUTION.—Whereas, we have reason to believe
that cortain unprincipled manufacturers have been making use of the
mark (arrows crossed, forming a diamond), the property of the present
firm and their predecessors for upwards of half a century; notice is
hereby given, that all persons guilty of striking or using our said mark
will be proceeded against forthwith, and a reward of £5 will be given
to any one furnishing such information to us as shall secure the convic¬
tion of any person so striking or using our said mark.
CRESWICK and Co., Sheffield, and
No. 17, Craven-street, Strand, London.
PRIVATE INQUIRY and DETECTIVE OFFICE.
5. Church-court, Clement's-lane, Lombard-street. Established
1857. Delicate and important inquiries conducted by JOHN LEWIS,
17 years an officer in the City of London Police.
AUSTRALIA.—A gentleman, who has resided in
Queensland, near Warwick, for some years, offers to receive into
his house one or two GENTLEMEN (not over 22 years of age), to teach
them the management of cattle, &c. Terms £100 per annum. Further
particulars if required. None but gentlemen need apply. Address

SWIMMING TAUGHT, by Professor BECK¬
WITH, 10 years Champion of England, in six or eight lessons,
completion guaranteed (one guinea), no matter what age, or how ner¬
vous of water. Public institutions and schools attended. The profes¬
sor, with his three children—daughter, age nine, two sons, four and six
—open to engagements, in their pleasing acts of natation. Lessons
any hour at the Lambeth Baths, Westminster-road. Tepid water con¬

MINTON, HOLLINS, and Co., Stoke-upon-Trent,
beg to inform architects, gentry, and others, that, in consequence
the increasing demand for their ENCAUSTIC and MOSAIC
PAVEMENTS, and with the view of faclitating the execution of
orders, they have opened an additional show room at their establish¬
ment, 50, Conduit-street, London, where experienced draughtsmen will
be constantly in attendance to afford all information required. Draw¬
ings and estimates on the receipt of plans will also be promptly fur¬
nished on application at the manufactory, Stoke-upon Trent. Minton
and Co. take the present opportunity of stating that they have always
in stock a large and varied assortment of tiles suitable for flower

ARMORIAL BEARINGS.—All persons desirous of
having a genuine copy of their family arms should send name and
ountry to CULLETON's HERALDIC STUDIO; no fee for search.,
Plain sketch, 3s. 6d., in heraldic colour, 6s. arms, crest, and motto:
beautifully painted with heraldic description, 12s. Information ob¬
tained direct from the College of Arms, British Museum, &c., by T.
Culleton, seal engraver, 25, Cranbourn-street, corner of St. Martin's¬

GENUINE MILK and CREAM for SALE,
delivered twice a-day at the London-bridge or Victoria Railway
Statiqus. Apply to J., post office, Bromley, Kent.
