POLLO.—GO to the P.O.
JOHN HAMPDEN F.—WRITE to C. M., the last
request going abroad, post-office, Blue Anchor-road, Bermond¬
SATURDAY, July 24th, returning from Dramatic
Fête at Crystal Palace, Westminster train, to Edgware-road
Station, Cab to 13, G—C—.—The GENTLEMAN is requested to let
E. know, through the second column of The Times, where a LETTER
can be sent to for him.
DICKSON.—ALFRED DICKSON, the son of
John Dickson and Harriett, the daughter of Samuel Toulmin,
formerly of Walbrook and East place, Lambeth, is requested to
APPLY to Messrs. Rogerson and Ford, solicitors, 40, Chancer-lane,
London, W.C.
GEORGE NICHOLAS AMBROSE, deceased.—A
Mr. Halligan, of Gray's-mnn-square, advertised some years ago for
the next of kin of the above.—Reliable INFORMATION as to the
ESTATE of the deceased will be liberally paid for.—S. B. Smith, soli¬
citor, Peterborough.
ANN DYASON PARNELL, deceased.—Any per¬
son having the WILL of the above named lady, who resided a
No. 5, Upper Cheyne-row, Chelsea, and died on the 31st August, 1869,
is requested to communicate immediately with Messrs. Dawes and
Sons, 9, Angel-court, Throgmorton-street, London, E.C.
—So happy you correctly read last. You must
imagine the happiness your letters convey. L.B. aware
that if P.F. could have returned earlier, had done so. Count days
now. Possibly absent when P.F. returns, sure to be here by 10th at
latest. Hope you may onioy your hop.—Ever and truly your own.
REMINDER.—The GENTLEMAN who travelled
in a first-class carriage from Margate to Ludgate-hill, on Mon¬
day evening, the 2d August last, and promised to COMMUNICATE,
within a month, with his only fellow-passenger, whose card he received,
is earnestly requested to do so immediately.
IF you could understand how unjustly you reproach
me Was it likely that I would be beholden to a stranger for what
you had previously denied me? I think you capricious, unkind, and
uncertain (but not fickie) by your constant denials. Yet, not even to
obtain a "Yes" when I most desire it, would I allow a third party to
come between us.
TO PARISH CLERKS.—WANTED, the REGIS¬
TER of the MARRIAGE of JOHN HORTON, with, it is
believed, Margaret—, which took place sometime previous to the year
1783; also the Register of Baptism of their two sons, George Horton
and Samuel Horton; George was born on the 12th April, 1783, and
John within a year or two before or after that date. Two guineas
each will be given for these certificates, on application to Messrs. C. R.
Randall and Son, solicitors, 9, Tokenhouse-yard, London.
HOSPITAL for DISEASES of the THROAT,
Golden-square, W.—The Committee of Management gratefully
ACKNOWLEDGE £1 1s., from a Friend, and a Parcel of Blankets
sent in August.
LOST, on Thursday, 16th Sept., between Eton-road
and Englands-lane, Hampstead, a small RETICULE BAG,
containing a £5 note, two sovereigns, and sundry accounts, &c. Who¬
ever will take the same to Mrs. Carey, 2. Eton-road, Haverstock-hill,
shall receive TWO POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, on the 11th inst., probably left in carriage of
the train from Harwich reaching Bishopsgate terminus at 10.40
a.m., or between Bishopsgate and Moorgate-street stations, a PORTE¬
MONNAIE, containing notes and gold. Whoever has found it is re¬
quested to communicate with the Rev. W. D. Morrice, Longbridge
Deverill, Warminster.
LOST, supposed to have been taken by mistake from
the hall of the Hotel de Hollande, Cologne, on Friday morning,
September 10th, a SQUARE BLACK BOX, containing a deal bonnet¬
box, with two straw hats, a bonnet, and other things, also some dresses
ndd o ther wearing apparel. The box had an adhesive label, addressed.
"Miss Murdoch, Cologne," and one of the handles had been torn off.
Whoever has taken it is requested to send it at once to Miss Murdoch,
No. 11, Elvaston-place, London, when all expenses connected with it
will be paid.
THE PERSON who PICKED UP a PARCEL, con¬
taining noney, dropped by a gentlemn
Gracechurch-street,
on Tuesday afternoon, will be liberally REWARDED by returning
the same to the Police Station, Bishopsgate-street. Payment of the
note and cheque has been stopped.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.— Supposed LEFT
in a CAB, taken from the Bayswater Synagogue (Harrow-road
to Portsdown-road, Maida-vale, on September 14th, a DARK
LEATHER PURSE, containing gold, silver and a safe key.
Whoever takes the same to De Knock's library, Clifton-road,
Maida-vale, shall receive the above reward
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, supposed to
ve been
mistake, between Dover and Calais, a
BLACK DRESS-BASKET, with a holland cover, and the letterD
painted on it in red. The basket contained wearing apparel, &c. Who¬
ever will give information to E. D., 39, Gloucester-square, London, W.,
leading to the recovery of the same, shall receive the above reward.
OUND, in the neighbourhood of Bond-street, a
large DOG. Applications, with description, to be made to the
eper of the Dogs' Temporary Home. Hollingeworth-street, Islington.
IN CHANCERY ; "Johnson and another v. Met¬
calfe."— JOHN JOHNSON, late of Wisbech St. Peter's, deceased.
Pursuant to a decree of the High Court of Chancery, dated 24th July,
1869, in the abovenamed cause, any PERSON or PERSONS claiming
to be ENTITLED to the SUM of £200, or any part thereof, under any
direction or appointment, in writing, by Frances Usill, daughter of
the abovenamed John Johnson, and any child or children of the
said Frances Usill, if living, or the legal personal representative of any
who died after attaining the age of 21 years, or under that age leaving
issuc, and the eldest son and any other children of the said John
Johnson's niece, Mary Mason, and the four children of her son George
Mason, deceased, and Margaret Topping Lumpkin, Louisa Tatlock
Clarke, and Mary Clarke, or their issue, and the legal personal repre¬
sentatives of any deceased issue, and the respective husbands of the
said Louisa Tatlock Clarke and Mary
Clarke, and the testater's niece
Caroline Johnson, and the child or children of the said Caroline John¬
son, or the legal personal representatives of any who died after attaining
the age of 21 years, or under that age leaving issue, and any other person
or persons claiming to be legatee or legatees under the will of the said
John Johnson, deceased, are, on the 25th day of March, 1870, to appear
before Charles Metcalfe, Esq., of Wisbech aforesaid, and make their
claim or claims to any legacy or share of residue under the said testa¬
tor's will, or on or before the said 25th day of March, 1870, to send in
to the said Charles Metcalfe their claim or claims as aforesaid, and if
any legatee or legatees shall not appear or send in his, her, or their
claim or claims by the time aforesaid, the legacy or share to which
such legatee or legatees would be respectively entitled will lapse into
the testator's residuary estate.
GEORGE FREDERICK SMITH, 15, Golden-square, London,
Agent for G. D. Collins, Wisbech, Plaintiff's' Solicitor.
SHARP and ULLITHORNE, Gray's-inn, London, Agents for
F. M. and F. Metcalfe, Wisbech, Defendant's Solicitors.
CUMBERLAND.—I do hereby give notice, that I
have this day received from Her Majesty's Principal Secretary
of State for the Homs-Department a certificate, of which the follow¬
ing is a copy:—
SALMON FISHERY ACT. 1865.
"I, the Right Honourable Henry Austin Bruce, one of Her Majesty's
Principal Secretaries of State, hereby certify that the LIMITS of the
FISHERY DISTRICT of the RIVER EDEN shall be as follows:—
"So much of the river Eden being a salmon river, lying partly within
the county of Cumberland and partly within the adjoining county of
Westmorland, as lies between the junclion of the said river Eden with
the river Esk in the said county of Cumberland being at the mouth of the
said river Eden, and Kirkby Stephen in the said county of Westmorland;
and also all the several other salmon rivers being tributaries or affiuents
of, or running into the said river Eden, with the following exceptions,
namely:—so much of the river Caldew as lies above Hawksdale-bridge
in the said county of Cumberland; so much of the river Petterill as
lies above Wreay-bridge, in the same county; the river Croglin, in
the same county; so much of the river Eamont lying in and being
the boundary between the said counties of Cumberland and West¬
morland, as lies above the junction of the river Lowther, lying within
the said county of Westmorland, with the said river Eamont; the
said river Lowther; and so much of the said river Irthing, being a
river lying partly in the said county of Cumberland and partly within
the adjoining county of Northumberland, as lies within the said
county of Northumperland, or between and on the boundary of the
said counties of Cumberland and Northumberland.
The Fishery District of the river Eden shall also include the
Estuary of the said river, and so much of the coast as lies between
Skinburness Point, in the county of Cumberland, and the junction of
the said river Eden with the river Esh in the said county; all rivers
running into the Solway Firth between the said points and being
within the said county of Cumberland; and so much of the said Sol¬
way Firth as lies south of a line drawn midway between the coasts of
England and scotlan i, east of a straight line drawn from Blackshaw
Pomt, in the county of Damfries, in scotland, to the said Skinbur¬
ness Point in the said county of Cumberland, and west of the junc¬
tion of the said river Eden with the said river Esk, as laid down in the
map deposited in the office of the Clerk of the Peace for the county of

Given under my hand, this 4th day of September, 1869.
"Home-office.
"H. A. BRUCE.
Given under my hand, at Carlisle, in the county of Cumberland,
this 14th day of September, 1869.
T. 11. HODGSON, Clerk of the Peace for Cumberland.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—Although most of the respect¬
able clothiers, drapers, and hosiers throughout London, Liver¬
pool, Manchester, and Birmingham, and other towns, have entered
into arrangements whereby Messrs. NICOLL'S PALETOTS and other
patented garments will be sold to the public at very moderate prices, it
is, nevertheless, needful, and in order to prevent piracy, now to adver¬
tise tuat the TRADE MARK of the firm is in each garment, and con¬
sists of a loop or suspender, on which is woven or stamped the Arms of
London and Paris, and between them the words "Nicoll's Patent."
The public are also Cautioned against the copyists of advertisements
describing the merits or peculmrities of the several novelties which oc¬
casionally appear in a full column of The Times and other journals.
Information in reference to any infringement should be addressed to
the wholesale warehouse (D. Nicoll and Co.), 6, Fell-street, Wood-street,
London.
REMOVAL.—The BUSINESS of BYFIELD and
Co., news agents, stationers, military booksellers, &c., carried on
for upwards of a century and a quarter at 21, Charing-cross, is now
REMOVED to Edward Stanford's, 6 and 7, Charing-cross, London,
S. W., by whom English, Foreign, and Colonial newspapers and maga¬
zines are forwarded to all parts of the world on the day of publication.
Lists grutis on application, or per post for one stamp
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. EPHRAIM
MOSELY, Surgeon-Dentist, late of 9, Grosvenor-street, announces
that he has REMOVED to No. 5, four doors nearer Bond-street,
where he may be consulted as usual.
NOTICE.—THOMPSON and Co., importers of
HAVANNAH CIGARS, 8, New Bond-street, opposite the
Clarendon Hotel, continue their business as usual during the enlarge¬
ment of their prenuses.
NOTICE.—PATENT NORWEGIAN SELF¬
ACTING PORTABLE COOKING APPARATUS and SIMPLE
REFRIGERATOR.—S. W. SILVER and Co., 66 and 67, Cornhill, and
Nos. 2, 3, and4, Bishopsgate within, London, are the sole licensees and
anufacturers.
NOTICE.—Mr. C. F. HANCOCK, senior parmer
of the firm of C. F. Lancock, Son, and Co., 39, Bruton-street,
corner of Bond-street, begs respectiully to inform his patrons that he
will reure from business at the ent of the present year ; the firm
fer the future will consist of his son, Mr. Mortmer Hancock, Mr.
Stewart, and Mr. Dore. In consequence of the retirement of the senior
partner, the whole of the valuable stock of DIAMONDE, Jewellery,
Plate, and Works of Art, in gold and silver, is now being SOLD at
greatly redueted prti e
A SHORT CONTINENTAL TOUR.—Travels in
the Footsteps of Charity.—The advertiser, who is accustomed
to Continental travel, and intimately associated with London chari¬
ties, wishes to meet with a GENTLEMAN to join him as COM¬
PANION in a month's tour through France, Belgium, Holland, and
Germany, visiting, for information, the hospitals, asylums, and other
objects of interest, including the International Art Exhibition at
Amsterdam and Munich. Each party to pay his own expenses, which
will not exceed £1 per day. Address E. H. C., 43, Albany-street,
Regent's-park, stating age, references, &c.
 and E. EMANUEL, Portsea, goldsmiths to the
Queen and Royal Family, respectfully announce that their ESTA¬
BLISHMENT will be CLOSED on MONDAY and TUESDAY, the
20th and 21st instant, and on Monday and Tuesday, the 27th and 28th
instant. Sole address, 3, The Hard, near the Dockyard, Portsea.
NENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, 5, Henrietta¬

street, Covent-garden, W.
Medical Director—ALFRED EBSWORTH, F.R.C.S.
Resident skilled medical, surgical, and monthly nurses are supplied
at a moment's notice from this Institute ; also fever nurses, male
attendants, and wet nurses. Applications to be addressed to the
Secretary, or Lady Superintendent
GENERAL FUNERAL COMPANY.—The
LONDON NECROPOLIS, owing to its immense extent and
resources, is the only place where true privacy of burial can be ob¬
tained. This Company undertake the conduct of funerals, at very
reduced charges, to their own and other cemeteries.—Offices, 2, Lan¬
caster-place, Strand; Westminster-road Station; 5, Kennington-green,
and 60, Sloane-street, S.W.
FUNERAL COMPANY, 82, Baker-street, W.
Funerals conducted in the best style.
Superior funeral equipages and appointments.
Exclusive proprietors of the improved open hearse.
Chief office, 28, New Bridge-street, Blackfriars, E.C.
HILLIBEER'S FUNERAL ESTABLISHMENTS
are 53, City-road, Finsbury-square, London, and North-Street
quadrant, Brighton. Economy and respectability combined.
MONUMENTS, Tombs, and Tablets, in granite,
M
marble, or stone. Designs and estimates forwarded on applica¬
tion to W. H. BURKE and Co., 142, Regent-street, and 17, Newman¬
street. London.
MONUMENTAL.—IMPERISHABLE INSCRIP¬
TIONS on MARBLE in SOLID LEAD, introduced from Rome
by Mr. E. J. PHYSICE, sculptor, with unfailing success. Designs
(each marked at the lowest terms) for monuments, tombs, tablets, &c.,
forwarded on application, stating particulars, &c., to Mr. E. J. Physick.
The Monumental Works, 136, Marylebone-road, adjoining Baker-st., W.
