CHE PERSON who, at the Fête Francaise, Albert-¬
hall, 7th and 8 July, BOUGHT a dark blue tortolseshell FAN,
with blue enamel and gold bands on outside sticks, painted blue inside
sticks, with painted blue silk medailion in centre of a black lace cover,
is desired to COMMUNICATE with J. Durelleroy, 167, Regent-street.
TO ACCOUNTANTS and others.—The ACCOUNT¬
ANTS or their representatives who had charge of the books of
FAIRLIE, BONHAM, and Co., East India merchants, formerly
of Broad-street-buildings, in the City of London, who suspended pay¬
ment in 1833, are requested to COMMUNICATE with F., care of
Messrs, Hallett and Co., 7, St. Martin's-plage, Trafalgar-square, W. C.
MR. CHARLES BOURJOT, formerly of 4, Coleman¬
street-buildings, and also of 59. Welbeck-street, Cavendish¬
square, London, Merchant.—This gentleman, or his representatives,
are requested to COMMUNICATE with Messrs. R. S. Taylor and
Son. Gray's-inn, Solicitors, relative to the estate of Charlotte, Countess
de ja Blache, deceased, of whose will Mr. Bourjot was an Executor.
NNA MARIA STORM deceased.—Te REBECCA
STORM and her Brother (Christian name unknown), their legal
Representatives and Next of Kin.—Notice is hereby given, that pur¬
suant to the Act 10th and 11th Victoria Chapter 96 intituled "Ar
Act for better securing trust funds and for the Relief of Trustees'
Dame Sophia Noel Macksorth the surviving legal representative of
the above named Anna Maria Storm deceased has TRANSFERRED
and PAID into the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice
the sum of £1.783 11s. 4d. Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, £250
Reduced £3 per Cents, and £328 17s. 2d. Cash to the credit of "In the
Matter of the moiety of the Residuary Estate of Anna Maria Storm
deceased bequeathed to her Brother." — Dated 12th July
BENNETT DAWSON R BENNETT 2 New Square
Lincolus Inn
DEFFENTLICHE VORLADUNG.—I. Der am 18,
Mai, 1824, geborene BOETTCHER ANDREAS FRIBDRICH
BOCHERT, Sohn des Gastwirths Heinrich Borchert und dessen
Ehefrau, Johanne geborene Hartmann zu Langenstein bel Halber¬
stadt, hat im Jahre 1856, Langenstein in der Absicht verlasson, um
ausznwandern und ist seitdem verschollen; II. Der am 1, Maerz, 1821,
geborene Kaufmann Friedrich Louis Meyer, Sohn des zu Gross¬
Quenstedt, bei Halberstadt, verstorbenen Pastors Friedrich Benjamin
Meyer und dessen Ehefrau geborene Hoche, hat sich im October, 1848,
um auszuwandern, hach Amerika begeben, ist von dert nach Cler¬
mont, in Nen-Holland gegangen, und hat im Jahre 1868, dasselbe
wieder verlassen wollen, um sich nach Neu-Quinea zu begeben, beit
dieser Zeit ist er verschollen. Beide ad I. und II. genaunte Per¬
sonen, insgleichen ihre unbekaunten Erben und Erbnehmer werden
hierdurch aufgefordert, sich bel dem unterzeichneten Gericht vor
oder spactestéhs in dem auf den 15. April, 1880, Vormittags 11 Ubr.
vor dem Kreisserichtsrath Nebelung anberaumten Termine schriftlich
oder personlich zu melden und daselbst weitere Anweisung zu
erwarten, widrigenfalls die ad I. und II. genannten Personen fur todt
orklaert und ihr Nachlass den naechsten bekaunten Erben ausgeant¬
wortet werden wird, ihre unbekaunten Erben aber von dem Nachlasse
ausgeschlossen worden.—Halberstadt, den 29, Mai, 1879.
Koenigliches Kreisgericht, I. Abthellung.
AUFGEBOT.—Es wird zur aligemeinen Kentniss
gebracht, dass 1., der Kaufmann AUGUST WILHELM
BREUCKMANN, wohnhaft zu London, Sohn des zu Paris verstor¬
benen hies-gen Blirgess und Kaufmanns Carl Jacob Brickmann und
dessen dahier verstorbenen Ehefran Louise Wilhelmine Auguste,
geborene Stricker, und II., EMILIE LOUISE STRICKER, wohnhaft
zu Frankfurt-am-Main, Tochter des hiesigen Bilrgers und praktischen
Arztes Dr. med. Wilheim Friedrich Carl Stricker, dabier und dessen
dahier verstorbenen Ehefrau Mathilde, geborene Bruckner, die EHE
mit einander eingehen wollen. Die Bekauntmachung des Aufgebots
hat in den Gemcinden Frankfurt-am-Main und London zu geschehen.
—Frankfurt-am-Main, am Scen Juli, 1879. Der Standesbeamte, Dr.
AUERBACH.
REGGING LETTERS.—Persons receiving appeals
for charitable objects from appricants with whom they are not
acquainted, are invited, before replying to them, to COMMUNICATE
with the Central Office of the Charity Organization Society, 15, Buck¬
ingham-street. Adelphi; or with one of the district offices.
THAMES TUNNEL COMPANY.—UNCLAIMED
MONEYS.—Pursuant to the Thames Tunnel Act, 1876, the
Thames Tunnel Company hereby Advertise the Name and last known
and registered Places of Abode of every Shareholder whose proportion
of the Surplus Moneys of the Thames Tunnel Company has not been
claimed at the time of publishing this advertisement.
The proportions of the said surplus moneys now due to such Share¬
holders respectively are stated opposite their respective names.
Applications with reference th unclaimed surplus moneys may be
addressed to the undersigned, Messrs. Bedford and Monier Williams,
Solicitors of the Company, at their offices, Nos. 1 and 2, Bucklersbury,
Cheapside, E.C.
At the final distribution of the Company's net surplus moneys any
part of the said surplus moneys then unclaimed will be distributed
among the other Shareholders.
N.B.—Such final distribution may now be expected to take place at
an early date.
Names of Share-Last Known and Registered Proportion of
Surplus Moneys



Formery of Brievel).
Adams, Edwd. Richard Hospital, late of Clapham¬ £25 0 0
lodge, Clapham, Surrey.
Formerly of Plaistow, Es¬
Adams, Richard.
sex, late of Clapham-lodse,
25 0 0
Clapham-common.
72, Oxford-terrace, care of
Allen, William.
W. Ramondi, 16, Hough¬
0 0 0
ton-street, New-inn.
Burt, Henre
Church-Street, Southport
Buckle, John William 40, Westbourne-terrace, W..
Bethell, William John (43, Upper Grosvenor-street
37 10 0
Ashbourn, Derbyshire, care
of Miss H. C. Smith, 37,
Bradley, Miss Frances
5 0 0
Upper Berkeley-street,
Portman-square 
Chapel-street, Pentonville,
Bolton, Joseph..
care of C. Sheppard, 24, 15 0 0
Moorgate-street0
Barkley, Hugh.. Lime-street-square0
Bown, William Malshanger, Hants
157 14 2
3, King-street, St. James's¬
Collins, James Wood..
25 0 0
ests¬
Clugston, Alexander (Martin's-lane, Cannon-street 63 1 8
Churchill, Lord Alan
,Lowndes-square, S.W.
7 10 0
Spencer.
Chance, Edward.2, Coleman-street-buildings.
50 0 0

Sun-court, Cornhill, E.C.
94 12 6
Decimus
17, Packington-street, Is¬
Druce, Jonathan0
10 0 0
lington

Davidson, Robert8, Lime-street-square
62 10 0
Down, Mrs. Jane, and
Burrow-lodge, Ilfracombe,
Miss Teresa George.
—
Louisa Bowen
West Keal, Spilsby, Lincoln¬
English, Henry.
25 0 0
shire
Forbes Miss Georgi¬3, Hans-place, Chelse
12 10 0
ana J. M. P.
Swan with Two Necks,
Fowler, William
31 10 10
Lad-lane
17, Wellington-terrace, St.
Fitzgerald, Catherine.
157 14 2
John's-wood
(Formerly of Catherine¬
Giles, Christopher
court, Tower-hill, now of
2 10 0
Australia

Gansson, Frederick 24, Chestor-square, S.W.
Hunter, RobertHighgate, Middlesex
0 0
Berkeley-square, care of C.
Harrington, Sir John. Balfour, 579, Old Broad¬	17 10 0
street, E.C...

Hollingsworth, N¬
24, Gresham-street, E.C.
thaniel 
7 10 0
26, Hill-Street, Liverpool,
Jones, John
318 8  4

7, Claremont-place, Uppert
Johnson, William
12 10 0
Grange-road, Bermondsey
Kater Edward.
6, Sussex-gardens, W.
King, William.. 2, Duncan-terrace, Islington.
Lancaster, Benjamin1, Prinee's-gardens, W.
Mapp. George
4, Ampthill-square, N.W. 
Marriott, HenryFleet-street 0
6 0 0
Cambridge-street, Con¬
Morgan, William
25 0 0
naught-square
32. Crutchedfriars, and
Price, Edward
31 0 10
Brixton
Baker's Coffeehouse,
Pearson, John
315 8 4.
Change-alley, E.C.
Palatine Club, Liverpool,
Parker, John
8 0 0
Merchant
Pattullo William
Sun-court, Cornhill, E.C.
630 16 8
Scott, George Richard 18, Carey-street, Lincoln's-inn.
315 8 4
16, Duke-street, Grosvenor¬
Soymour, Thos. Hearne
square, W.
2 10 0

Stokes, Henry Graham Doctors'-commons, E.C.
25 0 0
Prospect-villa, Lynecombe¬
Saunders, Samuel0
25 0 0
vale, Bath
30, Gordon-street, Gordon¬
Thornthwaite, Thomas
7 10 0

Gambstons, near Retford,
Twells, Rev. John
Nottingham
25 0 0
42, Wilton-crescent, Bel¬
Unwin, Charles.
gravia
92 10 0
Vaughan, PettyFenchurch-Street, E.C.
63 1 0
29, Badford-square, Brigh¬
Wilkinson, William
ton and 11, Ceeil-street, 1. 25 0 0
Strand.

Wornell, Alexander  46, Newgate-street, E.C.31 0 10
Windus, Edwd. Wil¬
liam, deed., Execu¬
Tottenham-green, Middlesex.
tor, Benjamin God¬
25 0 0
frey Windus
Total £8104 9 4
Dated this 4th day of July, 1879.
BEDFORD and MONIER WILLIAMS, Solicitors for the
Company, Nos. 1 and 2, Bucklersbury, Cheapside, E.C.
MANAWATU LAND ORDERS.—Notice is hereby
given that on the 30th day November. 1877, an Act was passed
by the General Assembly of New Zealand, intituied an Act to provide
for the satisfaction of cortain Land Orders issued by the NewZealand
Company, and theretofore exercised in the Manawatu or Horowhenua
districts, within the aforesaid Company's settlement at Wellington.
The attention of every person claiming under any such Land Orders
as aforesaid is drawn to the provisions of the said Act next follow¬

Every person claiming land within the Provincial District of Wel¬
lington under any Land Order onginarly issued by the New Zealand
Company, and which has been exercised in the Manawatu or Horow¬
henua Districts, must, within 12 months from the 30th November, 1877,
if he be a resident in the Colony, and within two years from such date
if he be a resident elsewhere, give notice in writing, by himself or his
agent, to the Commissioner appointed for the District of Wellington
under the Ordinance of the Legisiative Council of the Islands of New
Zealand, Session 15, No. 11, for the hearing and decision of his claim
under the provisions of the said Act, and at the time of making his
application for the satisfaction of his claim must lodge with the Com¬
missioner the original land order under which he claims to be entitled
to select any section of land. Unless such land order shall previously
have been lodged with the Commissioner no claim can be heard and
determined antil such original land order is lodged, or proof of the
loss given to the satisfaction of the Commissioner.
The Commissioner will report to the Governor the name of the per¬
son found to be entitted to land under any particular land order, the
particular number thereof, the fact of such land order having been
lodged with him, or of his having received satisfuetory proof of the
loss thereof, and the amount in value stated in such land order; such
report is to be considered and approved by the Governor in Council,
and forthwith published in the New Zealand Gazette, with the date
of the approval attached thereto.
Notification of the Governor's approval is a sufficient warrant to the
Commissioner to issue to the persons named in such approved report
as being entitled to land, scrip for the amount of money originally
paid for the land order under which any such persons have been found
to be entitled, together with compensation to the amount of £1 for
every £1 sterling represented by such land order added thereto ; so
that every person found entitied shall receive £2 in value for every
20s. in value to which he shall have been found entitied, except in
cares of lost land orers, in which case proseedings must be taken
under the Lost Land Orders Act, 1861.
No scrip can be delivered by the Commissioner until the land order
in satisfaction of which such scrip is issued has been cancelled by
him.
Upon the receipt of scrip all the right, title, interest, claim, and de¬
mand of the person to whom
e same is issued, and of all other per¬
sons whatsoever, to the land in respect of which scrip shall have been
issued is extinguished; and the issue of such scrip is, both at law and
in equity, a full and complete performance by the Crows, on behall of
the New Zealand Company, of the contract or obligation of the Com¬
pany in respect of which such scrip shall have been issued.
All scrip to be issued under the authority of the said Ast is trans¬
ferable and is reciveable as cash by the Receiver of Land Revenue in
or towards the purchase of waste lands of the Crown in any part of
the provincial district of Wellington, but not elsewhere, and must be
exercised within five years from the date of its issue ; claims for the
exercise of scrip not made within such period of five years are barred.
The Commissioner cannot entertain or investigate any claims in
which the claimant shall not have notified his intention to have his
claim heard and decided under the provisions of the said Act within
the time limited for making such application. All claimants failing
to avail themselves of the provisions of the said Act are barred, and
their claim extinguished by reason of such default.
Claimants not resident within the Colony of New Zealand should
forthwith appoint a duly authorized agent to do and perform whatever
may be requsite to obtain the benefit of the said Act.—Dated at Wel¬
estome.
(Signed) DAVID LEWIS, a Commissioner for the purposes
athe above referred to 
SCHOONER YACHT for SALE, 160 tons, built by
a first class builder; complete with every new appliance, and
now ready for sea. Address Charles Norton, Esq., Solicitor, Swansen.
MOORS, Forests, and Fishings.—EDWARD PATON
and SON, Gun and Rifle Manufacturers, beg to announce that
FIFTH LIST, which contains particulars of the best SHOOT¬
INGS to be LET in scotland, is now published, and will be for¬
warded post free on application; and as a large majority of the best
places on this list have been inspected by them, they can afford sports¬
men fullest and most ample details. Rents from £30 to £5,000.
E. P. and S., having regularly inspected Scotch shootings for 20 years,
possess an intimate knowledge of a very large number, and a most
comprehensive knowledge of the country. Address 108, Mount-street,
Grosvenor-square, London, W.; and 44, George-street, Perth, N.B.
CANNES, South of France.—Mr. JOHN TAYLOR
(Messrs. John Taylor and Riddett, General Agents and Bankers),
expecting to be in London before the 1st of August, begs that all
COMMUNICATIONS up to that date may be addressed to them at
Cannes, 43, Rue de Fréjus.
