to F.—A LETTER awsits you.
NEW ZEALAND.—To Emigrants and others.—If
this should meet the eye of ROBERT HOSKING, who sailed

Toeentestsememngeneson,
requested to COMMUNICATF with his mother, or A. G., 2, Moor¬
gate-street-buildings, E.C
IN the  HIGH COURT (of JUSTICE, Probate,


FALKLAND OLIVER, a mariner, son of the late George Oliver
Lssseeeseda
seeeeserennssen
the Island of Saint Thomas, as carpenter's mate, and was discharged
from that vessel on the 16th December 1868, at Norfolk, Virginia.
eeee



Yarmouth, Solicitor.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬

ocn¬
sge¬
eeassesmeo


HEMPLEMAN of Haberdashers-walk, Hoxton, Undertaker, and
JOHN THOMAS WHITE, of Bedford-row, Holborn, Solicitor, and
Sseesseeeosomedte


sessgeesgmns

Henry Hempleman, and John Thomas White, who have claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his claim theret.
SHARE INVESTMENT TRUST.—DEFERRED
CERTIFICATE HOLDERS are requested to COMMUNICATE
letter with D. C. H., care of Walker and Co., Advertising Agents,
No. 7, Finch-lane, E.C.
WESTMINSTER HOSPITAL, Broad Sanctuary,
Loneoeas
t E E P PSEOT.
fa DONATION of £100 from W. Dent, Esq.—

CENTRAL LONDON THROAT and EAR HOS¬


bishop of CANTERBURY.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOW¬
LEDGE the RECEPT of £   e e e,
nd of £2 2s., from Houry Gibson, Esq.—WALTER BRUCE HON¬
MAN, Secretary.
EFT in a HANSOM (Sunday the 7th inst., a

mside), that took a lady and gentleman from Cromwell-road to St.

will be REWARDED.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, 3d inst.,
between Freemasons'-hall and Euston Station, a LEATHER
CASE, containing three masonic jewels, Bro. William Wilson en¬
graved on hack. Apply Messrs. Lambert, 12, Coventry-street, W.
FOUND, in St. James's-street, S.W., a BANK of
ENGLAND NOTE. The owner can have the same on giving
description, number, &c., by applying at 27, Stafford-place, Pim¬
¬
PUBLIC RECEPTION of and PRESENTATION of

the county of Essex, Oct. 14.—Gentlemen wishing to CONTRIBUTE
towards the above are requested to pay their subscriptions, which are
limited to £2 2s., either to Messrs. Barclay and Co. or the London and
County Bank, Lombard-street; or to the Hon. Sec., W. Nevill
Tufnell, Esq., Waltham-house, Chelmsford.
THE BURIALS QUESTION SOLVED by Mr.
MARTENS ACT.—"The defect Mr. Marten's Act professes
to remedy is undeniable. If the existence of Mr. Osborne Morgan's
Burials Bill, with the angry passions it has stirred, could for a
moment be forgotten, the general outline of the arrangement this

recommended itself. Were Mr. Osborne Morgan's Bill passed to¬
morrow such a measure would still be necessary."—Morning Paper.
The Past Session.—It is a remarkable fact that, although the
Burials Question (i. c., the attack on the churchyards), has been be¬
fore Parlament some 20 years, and although the late Session has
witnessed the introduction of no less than six measures on this sub¬
iset, it has been nevertheless sigualised by the passing of a very
simple Bill, introduced by Mr. Marten, M.P., extending the Public
Health Acts to the provision of cemeteries; these Acts, strange to
say, having stopped short at the provision of mortuaries for the re¬
coption of the dead.
Borial is now, as it should be recognised as a sanitary question; a
principle for the introduction of which the Conservative Government,

The principle for which the Society for the Rejection of the
Burials Bill" has all along contended is now therefore sanctioned by
Parliament—Le., that it is the duty of the nation to bury the nation,
that every individual, as far as possible, should contribute towards

not be honourably and fairly carried out by the State throwing its
legitimate burdens on any portion of the community—le., as Mr.
Osborne Morgan's Bill would throw them—on the Church of England
only.
What is Mr. Marten's Act 7—The new Act incorporates the Come¬

Health Act, 1875. In proceeding therefore under it, reference need
only be made to these two Acts.
The Sanitary State of our Churchyards.—It is, surely, quite un¬
necessary to say much on this point; the churchyards speak for them¬
selves. Can anything be more disgusting than the way the nation has
gone on for so many centuries? It is a scandal and disgrace to our
boasted civilization.
Our Duty.—The duty, then, of all who desire to see "the Burials
Question " settled on a fair, sanitary basis, without doing violence to
the rights or scrupies of any individeal, is to endeavour to extend the
principle now sanctioned by the Legisiature. The cemetery system
already supplies, apart from all poiitical or religious considerations,
two-thirds of our population; is there any reason for exempting the
remaining third
The Landowners.—To facilitate these objects, landowners, espe¬
cially clergy owning glebes are urged not to give, or sell, any land for
new churchyards, or additions to old ones. As the new Act autho¬
rizes local authorities to accept a donation of land for a cemetery,
and of money or other property for its maintenance, landowners are
urged to proceed under it only.
The Cleray.—The clergy generally are urged to avail themselves of
this grand opportunity, and sot to work at once, to introduce the
measure in their parishes or districts. Much of the success of future
opposition to Mr. Osborne Morgan's desigus of the churchyards and
the churches, fe, Disestablishment, may depend on the extent to
which the new Act is adopted within the next few months.
J. W. EASTWOOD, M.D., Hon. Secs.
W. H. KITSON.
The Society for the Rejection of the Burials Bill.
Offices, Torquay.
TRDHNEEDPE IEUICLATTTOLENCEECEOTNe

GENERAL POST OFFICE, St. Martin's-le-Grand.
TENDERS will be received until noon on Monday
the 20th day of October, 1879, for 7.391 RED FIR TELE¬
GRAPH POLES, to be delivered in London; 24,620 Red Fir Tele¬
graph Poles, to be delivered at any one of the ports on the East Coast
between the Humber and the Tyne, both inclusive.
The poles to be felied between 1st November, 1879, and 29th Feb¬
ruary, 1880, and to be delivered during the following summer.
Tenders are also invited for Creosoting the above-mentioned Poles
with either 8 or 10 1bs. of creosote to the cubic foot, as may be decided.
Tenders may be submitted either for (A) supply of the poles only,
(B) both supplying and creosoting, or (C) creosoting only, but if B be
tendered for, tenders for A and C are also requested.
The poles will be delivered at the port where the creosoting is to be
performed.
The Postmaster-General does not bind himself to accept the lowest
or any tender.
Fonms of tender, containing all particulars, may be obtained on ap¬
plication, either personally or by letter, to the undersigned.
W. H. WINTER, Controller of Stores.
London, 6th Septomber, 1879.
LONDON HOSPITAL, Whitechapel-road, E., Sept.
9th, 1879.—The House Committee will meet on Tuesday, the
16th inst to receive TENDERS for the SUPPLY of the following
ARTICLES, from Oct. 1 next, viz.:—Bread, meat, potatoes, eggs,
butter, cheese, bacon, and lard, and soup. for six months; also milk,
for 12 months. Tenders are also invited for Supply of 250 chaldrons
of Coke, to be delivered in quantities of 25 chaidrons as required,
during the six months commencing Oct. 1, 1879. The tenders must
state the price per chaldron at which the coke shall be delivered into
the Hospital stores without any further charge whatever. Further
particulars, with the respective forms of tender, may be obtained on
application at the Steward's office, in the Hospital. Tenders, duly
scaled, are to be sent in not later than 11 o'clock in the forenoon, on
Tuesday, the 16th inst. The Committee do not bind themselves to
accept the lowest or any tender.
A. G. SNELGROVE, Secretary.
MIDDLESEX COUNTY LUNATIC ASYLUM, at
Hanwell.—Persohs willing to TENDER for SUPPLYING the
above-named Institution, from October 1st next to March 31st,
1860. (both days inclusive), with MEAT, Preserred Meat, Flour,
Sharps, Bran, Oats, Malt, Hops. Cheesemongery, Potatoes, Hay, and
Straw, are requested to deliver sealed tenders, addressed to the Clork
to the Committee of Visitors at the Asylum, on or before Tuesday,
the 23d September, and toleither attend at the Asylum, or be repre¬
sented by their authorised agents, on Thursday, 25th September, at 3
o'clock p.m., when the tenders will be openen. Forms upon which
tenders must be made are to be obtained of the Storekeeper at the
Asylum. It is requested that all persons who tender shall first in¬
spoot the samples of the various articles at the Asylum, and failure in
this respect will render the same invalid. No tender from persons
whose business is not carned on in the metropolis or its vicinity will
be considered unless accompanied by a reference to a London soli¬
citor or banker. The Committee of Visitors will not bind themselves
to accept the lowest or any of the tonders.
By order.
Hanwell Agylum Sept. 9, 1879.
MIDDLESEX INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL, Feltham.
—Contracts for Provisions, Clothing, &c.—The Committee of
the Visiting Justices of the above Institution will meet at the
School, at Feltham, on Monday, the 22d inst., at 2 o'clock in the
afternoon precisely, to receive TUNDERS for the SUPPLY of
MEAT, Coals, Australian or New Zealand Beef and Mutton, Bacon;
also Grocery, Oilman's Goods, Leather for Boots and Shoes, Grindery,
Drapery; also Plumber's, Painter's, and Glazier's Stores; also for
Brooms, Brushes good Meadow Hay; also best Seconds or House¬
hold Flour, and Meal and Grains, to be delivered, carriage free for
six months, from the 30th inst; also for the supply of Boys' Clothing
for 12 months, from 1st October next.
Forms of tender and all further information, may be obtained on
application to the Superintendent, at Feltham.
Tenders to be sent, post free, to the Clerk to the Visiting Justices,

The Contractors will be required to attend the meeting of the Com¬
mittee, at the School, on the 22d inst., and, if called upon, to enter
into a written contract, with sufficlent sureties.
The Committee do not bind thomselves to accept the lowest or any

By order, WM. RUSTON, Clerk.
Brentford, September 8th, 1879.
CHARITY COMMISSION.—In the matter of the
Charity called or known as The ALMSHOUSES, in the parish
of St. Leonard, Shoreditch; in the county of Middlesex, founded and
endowed by SAMUELHARWAR, Citizen and Draper, of London, and
in the matter of the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1863 to 1869.—Notice is
hereby given, that an Order has been made by the Board of Charity
Commissioners for England and Wales, establishing a SCHEME for
the ADMINISTRATION of the above-mentioned Charity.
A copy of the Order (and Scheme) may be inspected, free of cost,
dally, except on Sundays, during the space of one calendar month, to
be computed from the first publication of this notice, at the Drapers'-¬
hall, Throgmorton-street, in the City of London, and the Vestry
offices, at the Town-hall, Old-street, in the above-mentioned parish,
between the hours of 11 a.m. and 3 p.m., and also at the office of the
said Commissioners, Whitehall, London, S.W., between the hours of
10 a.m. and 4 p.m.—Dated this 12th day of

HENRY M. VANF Secretary.
Note.—Copies of the Order and Scheme may be obtained at the
office of the Commissioners during the above mentioned space of one
menth, at the price of 6d. each, which may be remitted by post-office
order, payable to Henry Morgan Vane, at the post office, Charing¬
cross, or, if the amount be less than 2s. 6d., in penny postake stumps.
ARTIZANS' and LABOURERS' DWELLINGS
IMPROVEMENT ACT, 1875; Metropolis (Great Wild-street,
&c.) Improvement Provisional Orders Confirmation Act, 1877;
Whitecross-street (St. Luke's) Improvement Scheme.—Motropolitan
Board of Works, Spring-gardens, Charing-cross, London, S.W.—
Notice is hereby given, that the final award of Sir Henry Arthur
Hunt, C. B., in the matter of the above named Act and scheme, has
been deposited at the Home-office, Whitehall, London, S.W., and
that a copy thereof has also been deposited at the office of the Metro¬
politan Board of Works, Spring-gardens aforesaid, and that all per¬
Sons CLAIMING to have any RIGHT to or INTEREST in
the LANDS, or any of the lands compensation for which is
ascertained by the said award, must deliver to the Metropolitan
Board of Works at the office of the Solicitor, Spring-gardens, Charing-¬
cross, London, on or before the 1st day of December next, a short
statoment in writing of the nature of the claim, together with a
short abstract of the title upon which that claim is founded; and,
further, that such abstract in the case of any person claiming a fee
simple interest in the land must commence 20 years previous to the
date of the claim unless an absolute conveyance on sale of the land
shall have been made within 20 years and more than 10 years prior to
such date, in which case the abstract must commence with such con¬

The Metropolitan Board of Works will pay all reasonable costs with

abstrct.
J. E. WAKEFIELD, Clerk of the Metropolitan Board
of Works.
Dated this 10th day of-September, 1879.
CANNES, South of France.—Mr. JOHN TAYLOR
(Messrs. John Taylor and Riddett, English General Agents), being
now in London, may be COMMUNICATED with, either by letter
or by appointment, at Messrs. Berry, Brothers, 3, St. James's¬
street, S.W.
THE Rev. ALEX. J. D. D'ORSEY, B.D., Lecturer
at King's College, will RETURN to TOWN on 16th Sept.—
3, Prince's-square, W.
WEDDING PRESENTS and BIRTHDAY GIFTS.—

WATCHES, Early English Clocks, Jewellery, Plate, &c., at
BENSON'S, Ludgate-hill and Old Bond-street. A splendid assort¬
ment on view. Illustrated pamphlets, post free for two stamps each.
