JAMES DALE, formerly of Scarborough, iron¬
monger is earnestly requested to COMMUNICATE, by letter,
with Messrs. Donner Woodall, and Woodall, solicitors, Scarborough.
without delay. If dead, a reward will be paid on the production of
authentic evidence of his death.—October 27, 1864.
THE Rev. W. R. COSENS begs to ACKNOW¬
LEDGE, with sincere thanks, the RECEIPT of a DONATION
of £15 from "Veritas," to the Additional Curates Society.—
November 7, 1864.
LOST, on Friday, the 4th inst., between Kentish¬
town and Finsbury, a small DEAL BOX, containing samples of
ladies boots. Whoever will bring the same to Messrs. Joshua Joseph
and Sons, 20, Finsbury-place, shall receive ONE GUINEA REWARD.
LOST, on Friday night, in Oxford-street, a GOLD
LEVER HUNTING WATCH, compensating balance, with
crest engraved on the top cover; maker Barwise, No. 6,863. Any per¬
son bringing the same to C.
Nries
rodsham, watchmaker, 84, Strand,
shall receive TWENTY POELE.
TEN POUNDS Rtaw ARD.—LOST, TWO PRO¬
VISIONAL CERTIFICATES for five shares each in the Im¬
perial Ottoman Bank, Nos. 97406 to 97415. Whoever will bring the
same to Mr. M. Slaughter, share and loan department, Stock Exchange,
Throgmorton-street, shall receive the above reward. The coupons
have been stopped in London and Paris.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
morning last, a LEATHER PURSE; containing one £10 note,
two £5 notes, five or six sovereigns, and some silver. It was probably
left in a cab which brought a lady from Charing-cross to the Temple
The purse had three indiarubber rings round it. Apply at Head

DOG LOST.—ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST,
in the High-street, Notting-hill, on the 26th October, an OLD
TERRIER BITCH, brown and white, and answers to the name of
"Nettle" or "Nelly Boy," being the children's pet. Whoever will
bring her to 1, Stanley-terrace, shall receive the above reward. No
further reward will be offered.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—Missing
Diamonds.—LOST or STOLEN, betweenth
19th October last, the CENTRE PART of a BRILLIANT COLLET
NECKLACE, consisting of 18 brillants mounted in gold, viz
brillant centre, weighing 4½, 1-8, 1-16 (has a slight flaw), 1 do. left, do.
3½, 1-8, 1-32, I do. right, do. 4, 1-16, 2 brillants, each do. 24, 1-8, 1-16,
2 do., ouch do. 2½, 1-16, 1-32, 2 do., each do. 2, 1-8, 1-16, and 9 brillants
set in gold, each weighing on an average of 1 carat. Also a Small
Turkish Bracelet, consisting of 96 brillants set in gold, each weighing
2 grains. The above reward will be paid by Messrs. Garrard and Co.,
Court jewellers, Haymarket, to any person or persons giving such in¬
formation as will lead to the apprehension of the thieves, if stolen, and
the recovery of the missing diamonds. Information to be given to In¬
spector Thomson, Detective Department, Great Scotland-yard, London.
FOUND, on the 1st inst., in Whitechapel, a BANK
NOTE. Apply to J. Dunstan, 55, Turner-street, Commercial¬
road, E.
FOUND, a BLACK RETRIEVER DOG, in the
neighbourhood of Westbourne-terrace. If not owned within a
week will be SOLD to defray expenses. Apply at 12, Charles-mews,
Conduit-street, W.
FOUND, a £10-NOTE. The owner may have it by
Sesnemn
at No. 10, Moreton-street, Pimlico, W., any evening between 7 and 10

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £1,244 8s. 10d. New Three per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of the Right Hon. Lord
EDWARD RUSSELL, Commander, R.N., and which was transferred
to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon
having remained unclaimed since the 10th of October, 1854:—Notice
is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to
Lord Edward Russell, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £319 5s. 10d. Consolidated
3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of EDMUND
WALKER, of Lincoln's-inn-fields, Esq., and WILLIAM THOMAS
HODSOLL, of Haverstock-hill, Hampstead, Esq., and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1851;—
Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon Paid, to William Thomas Hodsoll, the survivor, who has
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £54 18s. Reduced 3
per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of EDWARD
MORTIMER CLISSOLD, of Wrenthai Rectory, Wangford, Suffolk,
Esq., and which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in conse¬
quence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the
10th October, 1854; —Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of
three months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and
the Dividends thereon paid to the said Edward Mortimer Clissold,
who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sums of £100 New Three per
Cent. Annuities, and £57 2s. 10d. Reduced Three per Cent. Annuities,
heretofore standing in the name of HENRY FINCH HILL, sen., of
Green-hill, Middlesex, farmer, deceased, and which were transferred
to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon
having remained unclaimed since the 10th October, 1854; Notice is
hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date
the said Stocks will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid,
to Henry Finch Hill, the acting executor, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £488 17s. 9d. New £2 10s. per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of THOMAS BALL, of
Dublin, Esq., THOMAS PRIDEAUX BALL, of the Inner Temple.
Esq., and JAMES BALL, of Dublin, Esq., and which was transferred
to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon
having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1854;—Notice is hereby
given, that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said
Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to Thomas
Prideaux Ball, the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
CHARLES AUGUSTUS ROCKE, of Moorshedabad, Bengal, in
the East Indies, Esq.—Notice is hereby given to you that a CITA¬
TION has issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, bearing
date the 29th day of September, 1864, whereby you are cited, within 30
days after the service thereof, to cause an appearance to be entered for
you in the Principal Regirtry of the Court of Probate, and to accept
or refuse letters of administration of the unadministered personal
estate and effects of Robert Becher, late of Tunbridge-wells, in the
county of Kent, Esq., deceased, or show cause why the same should
not be granted to Frederick Becher Rocke, as one of the children of
Sarah Rocke, the sister of Thomas Charles Pattle, deceased, and as
such one of the residuary legatees named in his will, limited to the
right, title, and interest of the said Robert Becher in and to a sum of
£1,666 13s. 4d., £3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, and the divi¬
dends and interest which have become due thereon since the month
of February, 1863, the date of the decease of Frances Taylor, wife of
John Taylor, or which may hereafter become due thereon; with an
intimation that, in default of your so appearing, and accepting and ex¬
tracting the said letters of administration, the same will be granted
according to law. — Dated this 8th day of October, 1864.
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Regirtre.
COVERDALE, LEE, COLLYER-BRISTOW, and WITHERS,
No. 4, Bedford-row, London.
.To the ELECTORS of the WARD of LANGBOURN.
Gentlemen,
Take leave to announce to you, that it is my inten¬
tion to offer myself on St. Thomas'-day next ensuing as a can¬
didate to represent the Ward of Langbourn in the Court of Common
Council, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the retirement of Mr. Deputy

Having been for 23 years actively engaged in business in the Ward,
and being personally known to many of the constituents, I may hope

If honoured by your selection, I shall gladly devote myself to the
details of corporate affairs, and at all times give my earnest support to
such measures of financial and other reforms as would, without im¬
pairing the ancient rights and privileges of the Corporation, tend to
the advantage of the citizens, and the stability of civie government.

BYour most obedient servant,
FREDERIC ALGAR.
No. 11, Clement's-lane, Lombard-street, Nov. 8, 1864.
NOUTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Wandsworth and Clapham Union.—I, the undersigned,
Auditor of the above named district, do hereby give notice, that I have
appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the WANDSWORTH
and CLAPHAM UNION, and of the parishes therein contained (and
mentioned at the foot of this notice), for the half-year ended the 29th
of September, 1864, to commence on Friday, the 18th day of November
inst., at 11 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Union Workhouse, when and
where all persons who by law are bound to account at such audit are
required to attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills, and
vouchers, containing or relating to the accounts, or to moneys assessed
for, and applicable to, the relief of the poor. —Dated the 7th day of No¬

J. C. MEYMOTT, District Auditor.
No. 5, Albion-place, Blackfriars-bridge.
Parishes comprised in the above named Union:— Battersea, Clap¬
ham, Putney, Streatham, Tooting Graveney, or Lower Tooting,
Wandsworth.
TO CLERGYMEN, Officers of the Navy and Mer¬
cantile Marine, Gentry, and others Resident on the Sea Coast.—
The ROYAL NATIONAL LIFEBOAT INSTITUTION is prepared
to establish and maintain a LIFEBOAT STATION on any part of the
coast of the United Kingdom where it can be shown, from previous
disasters, that a lifeboat is required. It is requisite that there should
be a sufficient number of men (fishermen or others accustomed to the
management of boats at sea) to man the lifeboat, and a committee
formed from the residents in the neighbourhood to superintend the
Station and obtain such small annual subscriptions as may contribute
towards a portion of the expense. Communications may be addressed
to Mr. Richard Lewis, Secretary, Royal National Lifeboat Institution,
No. 14, John-Street, Adelphi, London, W.C.
THE LATE FIRE at the CHAPEL ROYAL,
SAVOY.—JAMES A. FINNEY, tailor, &c., begs to inform his
numerous patrons that through the entire destruction of his premise
100.

 MO VED his
BUSINESS to 55, Strand, two doors west of Messrs. Coutts' bank.
J. LAVATER and Co.—GEORGE JENNINGS
begs to inform his friends and the public that the business of
manufacturing indiarubber goods, the sale department of which has
been at No. 12, Bath-street, in the city of London, conducted under the
style of "L. J. Lavater and Co.," will now, both as regards the manu¬
facturing and sale department, be conducted under the name of
George Jennings only, and where his business of sanitary engineer is
carried on, at Palace-road-wharf, Stangate, Lambeth. G. Jennings
avails himself of this opportunity to present his thanks to his friends.
and the public for their kind and liberal patronage, and he respect¬
fully solicits a continuance of their favours. —Nov. 8, 1864.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
CAUTION.—MENIER's CHOCOLATE (Chocolat¬
Menier).—Important Notice.—To avoid being deceived by resem¬
blance in the form of the cakes, colour of the covering, arrangement of
the label, and that quasi-similarity of names which imitators have in¬
vented for the purpose of passing off their chocolate as the Chocolat¬
Menier, the purchasers should look for the trade marks, the real name
upon the back of each division of the cake, and the signature Menier
upon the seal of the cover. Imitators try especially the fine quality
(yellow paper) at the price marked 2s. per pound, because it is this that
the public have particularly adopted; it gives the highest satisfaction
both for its low price and its excellent quality. Wholesale Menier,
No. 23, Henrietts-street, Covent-garden, W.C.
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE,
No. 13, Paddington-green, W.—To meet all exigencies, experi¬
enced agents have been stationed at the principal sea ports of the
United Kingdom.
NOMOEOPATHIC PHARMACY TAUGHT in
10 lessons, by Mr. ACLAND, 26, Bryanston-street, Portman¬

EVERY MAN his OWN PRINTER.—The
PEOPLE's PRINTING PRESS, £1 5s. to £4 4., for letter-press,
lithographic, and copperplate printing. The Art of Printing, 1s.; the
Art of Lithography, 1s., or 13 stamps.—D. G. BERRI, engraver and
stamp maker to Her Majesty's Post-office, 36, High Holborn, W.C.
FOR PROMOTING FEMALE EMPLOYMENT

prices, and carriage free to any part of the kingdom, on all orders of £6.
The Albert Press Lithographic Printing and Publishing Company (esta¬
blished solely to promote female employment) is prepared to execute
every description of artistic and general printing in a very superior
manner. Estimates post free. —Mortimer-house, Charles-street (corner
of Wells-street, Oxford-street), N.B. A trial order is solicited, and if
not approved of in price and quality no charge will be made, 1,000
circulars on good paper for £t.
