"Darling Child."—Lucia was very charming.
Do SEND me a few LINES and the promised Photo.
YRA.—To her Slave. Going three days earher.
.
o pray be there dear. Pity and forgive your Pet.
F. P.—Important. Matters satisfactorily
arranged. CALL upon or WRITE to your old friend B. at
Eaton, in Beelgray
IF the TWO GIRLS, age 20 and 15 years, who left
their home in Leeds on Monday last, 24th instant, will RETURN,
or communicate with their anxious friends in Sussex-Street, Totten¬
ham-court-road, London, all will be forgiven.
TO PARISH CLERKS and others. —TWO
POUNDS REWARD.—WANTED, a CERTIFICATE of the
MARRIAGE of ANTHONY LAWRENCE INGLES with a Miss
TAPPENDEN, previously to 1750. The parties resided near Ashford,
Kent, but may have been married in London or Oxfordshire. Apply
to Messrs. Mackenzie, Trinder, and Co., solicitors, 1, Crown-court,
Old Broad-street, London, E.C.
JURNAME of BIRD.—If this should meet the eye
of any persons interested, of the surname of BIRD (south of Eng¬
land family), one of whom, named Martha Julia Bird, supposed to have
been married in the neighbourhood of London or Bath, in Somerset,
about the year 1838 or 1839, to a James Perry, of Wellington, Somerset,

Martha Julia and husband both died about the year 1848, leaving a
family of three little children (girls), who are now very anxious to find
out their deceased mother's family relations. COMMUNICATIONS
with W. B. P., post-office, Rochdale, Lancashire, would be gladly re¬
ceived and further particulars given
BANK of ENGLAND. — Unclaimed Dividend.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
—
£1,503 16s. 6d. Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore stand¬
ing in the name of THOMAS HOPE LEEMING, of Manchester,
cashier of savings bank, and which dividend was paid over to the Com¬
missioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in consequence of
its having remained unclained since the 5th January, 1857;—Notice is
hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Dividend will be paid to Christian Leeming, spinster, sur¬
viving executor of Thomas Hope Leeming, deceased, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his cla m thereto.
ROYAL FREE HOSPITAL, Gray's-inn-road.—
The Weekly Board gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the receipt of
a further DONATION of £20, in ald of the funds of t
Mospital,
"A Gentleman in Berkshire.
fro
eeseam
LOST.—"The THAMES and its TRIBUTARIES."
—Whoever has found the same, and will restore it to W. H.
Royston, Harrison's Hotel, Brighton, shall receive ONE POUND
REWARD. (Second vol., half bound calf.)
LOST.—Waistband.—LOST, on Thursday, either in
Rotten-row or at King's-cross Station, a CIRCASSIAN WAIST¬
BAND, with silver fastenings, and lined with green velvet. Any one
who has found it and will take it to Mr. Serivener, at Messrs. Howell
and James's, shall receive ONE POUND TEN SHILLINGS RE¬

EFT in a Hansom CAB, taken up at Knightsbridge,
an ne set down at Finsbury-square, on Thursday, the 20th inst., a
SKETCH BOOK, containing a number of architectural and other
sketches. A REWARD will be given on its being taken or sent to
G. F. S., 5 Hill-street, Knightsbridge, S.W.
REWARD, £1.—LOST, on Epsom Downs, a PAIR
eeeas—
the small inside glasses much chipped, therefore of little use except to

terrace, Victoria-street, S.W.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST (escaped from
her cage), on Monday, 24th, a GRAY PARROT. Whoever will
take the same to No. 8, The Cedars, Clapham-common, shall receive

FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at Cre¬
morne, o.
dnesday night, a GOLD WATCH. Maker's name,
French; No. 22,117. Whoever will take the same to 9, Royal Ex¬

FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, from the
Tavistock Covent-garden, or from that to Toovey's, in Picca¬
dillv, a BROWN PAPER PARCEL, containing about 40 landscape
photographs of New Zealand by Mundy, Ch. Ch. Any one taking the
same to Wilkinson and Kidd, 5, Hanover-square, or causing the same
to be found, shall receive the above reward,
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednesday,
the19th inst., in Belgrave-street, or Seymour-street, Portman¬
square, or probably dropped in a cab, between those streets, a DIA¬
MOND PENDANT. Whoever has found the same and will take it to
Messrs. Lambert and Rawlings, 11, Coventry-street, Haymarket, shall
receive the above reward.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a large
CVAL GOLD LOCKET, with raised Maltese cross back and
front, between the Camden-road and Shoreditch Stations, or in the
Hackney-road, on Wednesday evening, the 26th inst. Whoever has
found the same and will take it to 63, Glocester-crescent, Regent's¬
park, shall receive the above reward.
LAWRENCE, Mayor.
A COURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held
saa
on Tuesday, the 25th day of May, 1869, and in the 32d year of the
reign of Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire¬
land, Queen, &c.
Persons admitted to act as Brokers within the city of London and
its liberties, viz.:—
Residences.
Names.
Kenneth ffarington Bellairs. 15, Angel-court.
3, Bartholomew-lane
Emile d'Eichthal
WOODTHORPE.
LAWRENCE, Mayor.
ACOURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held
in the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London, on
Tuesday, the 25th day of May. 1869, and in the 32d year of the reign
of Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,
Queen, &c.
Person discharged from the office of Broker within the city of Lon¬
don and its liberties, viz.:—
Residence.
Name.
Walter Joseph Kestinlate of 2, Cowper's-court, Cornhill.
WOODTHORPE.
NESTMINSTER CONSERVATIVE ASSOCIA¬

(adjoining the Westminster Palace Hotell.—CONSERVATIVES not
on the present Register of Electors for Westminster, but who will be
eligible at the revision, whether householders or lodgers, are requested
to FORWARD their NAMES and ADDRESSES to the Secretary of
the above Association, who will attend to their claims in due time and
afford them every assistance free of charge.
KENSINGTON SICK ASYLUM DISTRICT.—
I, the undersigned J. H. Mitchiner, Auditor of the abovenamed
district, do hereby give notice that I have appointed the AUDIT of
the ACCOUNTS of the said district for the half-year ended 25th
March, 1869, to commence on Saturday, the 12th day of June next, at
10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Workhouse, Kensington, when and
where all persons who by law are bound to account at such audit are
required to attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills, and
vouchers containing or relating to the accounts of the said district,—
Dated the 28th day of May, 1869.
J. H. NITCHINER, District Auditor.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUDICATURE at
BOMBAY (Ordinary Original Civil Jurisdiction).—In the Matter
of the Indian Companies Act, 1866, and of the EIGHTH BOMBAY
LAUDABLE SOCIETY, an Unregistered Company: Alexander
Brown, Robert Roberts, Venayeckras Juggonathjee, Sunkersett Soon¬
deras Raghonath, and Framjee Nesserwanjee, the Directors of the So¬
ciety, Petitioners.—All persons having CLAIMS on the above Society.
or the assets thereof, and whose claims have not already been ad¬
mitted, are required, on or before the 27th day of October, 1869, to
send their names and addresses, and the particulars of their debts or
claims, and the names and
addresses of their attorneys (if any), to
William Gilmour Hall and Soonderas Raghonath, of Elphinstone¬
circle, Bombay, the Official Liquidators of the said Company, and, if
so required by notice in writing from the said Official Liquidators, are,
by their attorneys or agents, to come in and prove their said debts or
claims at such time as shall be specified in such notice ; or, in default
thereof, they will be excluded from the benefit of any distribution made
before such debts are proved. Wednesday, the 27th day of October 1869,
at 11 o'clock in the forenoon, at the office of Messrs. Rimington, Hore,
and Langley, attorneys for the said Official Liquidators, at Apollo¬
street, Bombay, is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the
debts and claims. —Dated this 28th day of April, 1869.
J. W. ORR, Prothonotary.
RIMINGTON, HORE, and LANGLEY, Attorneys for the
fiicial Liquidators.
WHEREAS the WARDENS or KEEPERS and
COMMONALTY of the MYSTERY or ART of SADDLERS
of the CITY of LONDON, and MARK BEAUCHAMP PEACOCK,
of No. 9, Brunswick-terrace, Brighton, in the county of Sussex Es¬
quire, and the Reverend EDWARD HAMILTON NELSON, of 61,
Avenue-road, Regent's-park, in the county of Middlesex, clerk
devisees in trust under the will of Mark Beauchamp Peacock, late of
Southwood, Highgate, in the said county of Middlesex, Esquire, being
respectively interested, under the provisions of "The Acts for the In¬
closure, Exchange, and Improvement of Lands," in the land and here¬
ditaments set forth in the schedule hereunder written, with the case¬
ments and appurtenances thereunto belonging, and being desirous of
effecting an exchange of the same, have made application, in writing,
to the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, to direct in¬
quiries whether such proposed exchange would be beneficial to the
owners off such respective lands and hereditaments, and to proceed
with the same under the provisions of the said Acts.
Now the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, being of
opinion that such exchange would be beneficial, and that the terms
thereof are just and reasonable, hereby give notice that they will
cause to be framed and confirmed, under their hands and seal, an
ORDER of EXCHANGE in the matter of the said application,
unless notice, in writing, of dissent to the said proposed exchange be
given to them by some person entitled to an estate in, or to a charge
upon, the said LAND and HEREDITAMENTS, or any part thereof,
on or before the 13th day of September next.
The Schedule to which the Foregoing Notice Refers.
Land and Hereditaments in which the abovenamed Wardens or
Keepers and Commonalty of the Mystery or Art of Saddlers are
interested, situate in Serjeants'-inn, Fleet-street, in the city of Lon¬
don, and proposed to be exchanged for the land and hereditaments
hereinafter specified.
Description.
Parts of Nos. 15, 16, and 17, Serjeants'-inn, Fleet-street—278 square
Land and Hereditaments in which the abovenamed Mark Beauchamp
Peacock and Edward Hamilton Nelson, as such devisees as afore¬
said, are interested, situate in Serjeants'-inn, Fleet-street, in the
ciry of London, and proposed to be exchanged for the land and
hereditaments hereinbefore specified.
Description.
Part of No. 14, Serjeants'-inn, Fleet-street—244 square feet.
Area or forecourt in front of entrance to No. 14, Serjeants'-inn,
with entrance pavement over ; also coal-cellar or vauit in basement,
under pavement in front of area.
Witness my hand this 27th day of May, in the year of our Lord 1869.
. H. PYNE, by order of the Board.
Inclosure Commission, 3, St. James's-square, London, S.W.
AND REGISTRY.—No. 472.—The Fulwell Estate,
Twickenham, Teddington, and Hampton, Middlesex.—In the
matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53.—Notice is
hereby given, that since the issuing of the advertisement, dated the
26th December, 1868, of the intended registration, with an indefeasiblo
title, on the application of Sir William Clay, of No. 35, Cadogan-place,
in the county of Middlesex, Baronet, of the hereditaments hereinafter
described, the said Sir William Clay has died, and that his will, dated
26th February, 1868, has been proved in the Principal Registry of the
Court of Probate by James Temple Bowdoin, of 112, Eaton-square,
Joseph Quick, of Sumner-street, Southwark, and Alfred Hudson Shad¬
well, of Stapic-inn, and the proceedings for registration having been
adopted by or on behalf of the person interested under the said will,
the Registrar intends, at the expiration of one calendar month from
the date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the
HEREDITAMENTS called or known as the FULWELL ESTATE,
in the parishes of Twickenham and Teddington, and as to 2 perches,
part thereof, in the parish of Hampton, in the county of Middlesex,
containing 481a. 3r. 14p., or thereabout, parcly in hand, and partly in
the tenures or occupations of E. C. Smith, Esq., William Cooper
Sewell, Esq., William Sewell, William Filby, William Deacon, Charles
Ryder, William Thomas Farnell, and others, intersected in part by the
public road from Hanworth to Twickenham, and in other parts by the
Windsor Branch, and also by the Thames Valley Branch, of the Lon¬
don and South-Western Railway, comprising Fulwell-lodge, with the
grounds and park thereto, Whitton Farm, Rags Castle, Wellington
Farm, Slade Farm, Blackmore-hill Farm, the Wellington Inn, and
other lands and buildings, and delineated on the map No. 472, de¬
posited in the Office of Land Registry as part of the description of
the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with
the mines and minerals under the same, except under such parts
thereof as are numbered 4, 7a, 42. 6, 6a, 6b, 7, 8a, 10, 10a, 11, 17a, 17b, 17e,
17d. 18a, 24a, 25a, 25b, 256, 22a. 25d, and 26 on the said map. If any
person object to, or desire to show cause against such registration, or
claim that the same should be subject to any conditions or reservations,
or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not
already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on
the register, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the
said one calendar month, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or
by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objectien to, or to show cause
against, or to make such claim in respect of such registration. But
any person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the
same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name
and address thereto, in the said office, before the expiration of the
said one calendar month, otherwise he will be excluded from making
the same. The aforesaid map may be inspected at the said office at
any time before the expiration of the said one calendar month.—
Dated this 29th day of May, 1869.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
HARGROVE, FOWLER, and BLUNT, Solicitors to the
Applicant, 3, Victoria-street, Westminster.
THE public are CAUTIONED against IMITA¬
TIONS of the NEW VELLUM WOVE CLUB-HOUSE NOTE.
This paper has been manufactured to meet the universally experienced
want—f. e., a paper which shall in itself combine a perfectly smooth
surface with total freedom from grease. It is made from the best linen
rags only, possesses great tenacity and durability, and is equally well
adapted for quill or steel pen. Sample packet post free for 18 stamps.
(Signed)	PARTRIDGE and COOPER, Sole Manufacturers
and Vendors, 192, Fleet-street, E.C.
