E. E.—Received yours too late to reply, dearest.
Shall hope to see you very soon. Ever your very own.
DEAREST WILLIE.—Pray come home, for your
mother's sake. All can be arranged
. W. M. T.—If you have left Gibraltar send imme¬
diately to the post-office there for letters addressed in your full


TO Mr. SAMUEL REDSHAW, formerly of 10, Old¬


matters of importance to communicate. Address to her, care of Mr.

THE SECRETARY of the ROYAL SOCIETY for
NIMALS begs to of
the PREVENTION of CRUELTY
his best THANKS to F. F. M., for a DONATION of £5.—June 30th,
1870.—105, Jermyn-street.
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand, W. C.
The Governors thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT, of

HENRY WOOLCOTT, Secretary.
LOST, on the 21st June, at Drury-lane Theatre, a

Seymour-street, Portman-square, will be hand¬
ns
somely REWARDED.
LOST, a BLACK ANGORA FEMALE CAT, with


TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
BRONZE STAR.—LOST, on Monday night, the
20th, between Willis's Rooms and United Hotel, Charles-street,

engraved on it. Whoever will take the same to Messrs. Price and
Boustead, 34, Craven-street, Strand, shall be REWARDED.
FOUR POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in St.
James's-park, a GOLD ENGINE-TURNED WATCH, enamelled
dial, makers name Vale and Rotheram, gold seal and three keys at¬
tached by black riband. Apply to Miss Hewett, stationer, Albany¬
street, Regent's-park.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday,
seeeeseeesseesee
glass rooms, Oxford-street, a LADYS GOLD WATCH and CHAIN,
with pencilcase, lockets, &c., attached. Whoever has found the same
and will take them to 254, Regent-street, shall receive the above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a GOLD
BRACELET, the clasp set with one large emerald and four
snall diamon.
supposed to have been dropped in getting out o
carriage at 26, Eccleston-square, on Wednesday, 29th June, a few
minutes before 11 o'clock p.m. The above reward will be given on re¬
covering it. Apply to Messrs. Widdowson and Veale, 78, Strand, W. C.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on the
30th ultimo, the HALF of a FIVE-POUND NOTE. Who¬
ever takes the same to Mr. Gravatt, stationer, King-Street, Cheapside,

TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a PEARL¬
MOUNTED DOUBLE OPERA-GLASS,
Callaghan, New
Bond-street. Initials engraved on the glass, T. M. E.T. Supposed to
ersseegsnon
day evening, June 25th. Whoever will take the same to Mr. Callaghan,
optician, 23, New Bond-street, shall receive the above reward.
TO OWNERS of DOGS.—A great number of dogs
are now being seized, and sent to the TEMPORARY HOME for
LOST and STARVING DOGS, Hollingworth-Street, Holloway. Pe¬
sons losing their dogs should inquire immediately at the above Insti¬
tution, between the hours of 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. (Sundays excepted
BUREAU VERITAS.—UN
WERSAL NAVY
ales
B
SIST, "Reper.
a ne Gen.
de la Navigation Maritime 4 
ot a Vape
containing informatio n ppeoen
59,518 ships and

e
steamers
an indispensable addition to the Registre Veritas, classification of
Ver
ber.

toe e ere e
a, £110s. , a fo r
non subscribers, £2 2s. Apply to Messrs. C. Devaux and Co., 62, King
Will

TO Mr. WILLIAM ASTON, Button Manufacturer,

ir,—

tan n innd
and in entire ignorance of th e np

trademark deevice e e.
to express our sincere regret for having
done so ; and we assent to reh i ed

dertake not to import, make, or sell in future any buttons bearing your
trademark and device, a Lion, with the words Fast
ble Shanks on
the iron rim. We are, Sir, your obedient servants, C

SPEYER and Co. Witness—W. A. Downing, solicitor, 10, Basing¬
hall-Street, London.
LOSH, ARLOSH.—Change of Name.—The Rev.
JAMES ARLOSH, heretofore James Losh, of Ponsonby, in the
county of Cumberland, Clerk in Holy Orders, on behalf of himself and

name of Losh, and has assumed the surname of Arlosh, in lieu thereof,
and intends in all deeds, writings, communications, and affairs, and
on all occasions to USE and SUBSCRIBE, and to be called and dis¬
tinguished by the surname of ARLOSH, instead of the surname of
Losh; and he has declared the same by deed dated the 30th June,
1870, enrolled in the High Court of Chancery.
TO-PARTNERSHI
—The undersigned
OTIC
having heretofore been associated under
Spofford,
totir
name
Tileston, and Co., hereby give ne


business will be continued under the name and style of Spofford, Brothers,

esseee
sseeesanesoo
ADIN.
SPRING SPOFFORD.
CLINTON HUNTER.
June 15, 1870.
NOTICE.—Mr. H. S. JAFFRAY, of New York,
became a member of the firms of E. S. Jaffray and Co., New
ork, and J. R. Jaffray and Co., London, on the 5th April, 1870.
NOTICE is hereby given, that an action of multi¬
ple
pinding and exoneration has been raised before the Court of
sion in Scotland (Lord Gifford, Ordinary; Mr. Shield, Clerk), at
the instance of Alexander Burness, Esq., of Mastrick, and others,
trustees and executors of the deceased James Barnet, Esq., of Hill¬
head of Pitiodels, in the parishes of Banchory Devenick and New¬
hills, in the county of Aberdeen, nominated and appointed by his
trust disposition and settlement, against ALEXANDER BARNET,
residing at Backward of Kemnay, Aberdeenshire, and others, conclud¬
ing that the pursuers are only liable in once and single payment, dis¬
posal, and application of the estate and effects which belonged to the
said deceased James Barnet, so far as the same have been recovered
or realised by them, and that to the person or persons who may be
found to have just right thereto; in which action the Lord Ordinary
has pronounced the following INTERLOCUTOR:—"21st June, 1870.
—The Lord Ordinary finds the pursuers, the real raisers, liable only in
once and single payment of the fund in medio, and appoints all parties
having interest therein to lodge condescendences and claims within 14
days; further, appoints intimation of the dependence of this process,

following newspapers, viz.:—The Edinburgh Evening Courant and
London Times, and once weekly for two weeks in the North British
Advertiser and Aberdeen Journal, for behoof of all concerned.—
Ad. Gifford."		TODS, MURRAY, and JAMIESON, W.S.,
Pursuers' Agents.
No. 66, Queen-street, Edinburgh, June 22, 1870.
IN the MATTER of NICOLL v. MAURY, heard
May 26, 1870, before his Honour Vice-Chancellor James, a per¬
petual INJUNCTION was granted against the defendant, restraining
him from making or selling or causing to be made or sold, certain
plaintiff, and commonly known under the
garments patented
trade mark of RUG PALETOTS, and from making or selling any
colourable imitation thereof, or from using the trade mark so claimed
by the plaintif.
"London, June 16th, 1870
Gentlemen.—I deeply regret having caused you the trouble to de.
fend your patent rights and to institute legal proceedings against me¬
In compliance with the injunction which you have recently obtained,
my solicitors, Messrs. Plews and Irvine, of 33, Mark-lane, are instructed
to pay your costs. I have also directed an account to be prepared of
all consignments I have made to the colonies up to the date of the
injunction. These will, as speedily as possible, be furnished to you, as
well as a statement of all rug paietots that have been made by me in
contravention of your patent. Whatever dispute may arise in future
dealings, I suggest should be determined by some London or colonial
merchant to whom we may mutually agree to refer the question
"I hope that you will do me the justice to believe that, previous to the
commencement of litigation between us, I sincerely thought that your
patent was restricted to the exact configuration described in your speci¬

imagine that the divergence by me from the design was (as your counsel
claimed it to be) an infringement of the original principle. Such, I
now understand, consists in the formation of material into a garment.
and in the manner set forth, with an adaptation for its use, so that
the same garment may alternately be worn as a railway rng and as a
cloak. As other shippers may, like me, have erred in the knowledge
of what your claim reaily consists, and out of the consideration which
you have shown towards me on the question of damages, I have no

S. MAURY.

"To Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co., Wholesale Clothiers and Rug
Paletot Patentees, 6, Fell-Street, Wood-street, Lond.
UC de MONTEBELLO'S CHAMPAGNES.—
Caution.—Whereas, an INJUNCTION in Chancery has been
obtained in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Gemmer," restraining

scesmmsdmam
ing imitation Duc de Montebello's labels and corks, and further prohi¬
biting the importation or sale of all wines bearing such imitation labels
orscorks; and whereas, in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Jebens,"

containing 3,000 bottles of wine, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello
labels and corks, seized by the French Customs' authorities (the said
spurious wines having been sent from Germany and Havre to be thence
shipped to England, and thus through the colourable importation from
a French port to avoid detection on arrival here), were adjudged to be

spurious champagnes, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello labels and
corks.
TAMPLIN and TAYLER, 159, Fenchurch-street, E.C.,
toe e e e e e ebelo
R. SYMONDS and SON, 3, Ingram-court, 167, 168, Fen¬
urch-street E.C., Agents to the Duc de Montebello.
DUC de MONTEBELLOS CHAMPAGNES.—
—
ceding CAUTION, as renewed attempts are being made to introduce
spurious wines, bearing forged Due de Montebello labels and corks.
The genuine Duc de Montebello's Champagnes can be obtained of any
respectable wine merchant in town or country.
CLOTHING and SHIRTS.—Notice.—Infringement
of Trade Mark.—"Axe Brand Best Value for Moncy." —Whole¬
sale buyers are CAUTIONED that goods of this registered brand can
only be obtained from FAVELL and Co., 12, St. Mary-axe.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears

CAUTION.—HOWARD'S PATENT EASY
CHAIRS and SOFAS. All of genuine manufacture have a
attached, with number of patent and address of patentee, 25, 26 and 27,
Berners-street, Oxford-street, W., and Cleveland Works.
CAUTION.—BETTS'S CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of capsules made in contraven¬
tion of his rights, which necessarily are numerous, Betts being the
original inventor and sole maker in the United Kingdom, 1 Wharf¬
oad, City-road, London; and Bordeaux, France.—April 8, 1869.
CAUTION.—JENNER and KNEWSTUB,
patentees of the ABC Despatch Box, beg respectfully to caution
he public against deceptive and useless imitations of their ELGIN
WRITING CASE, which is to be had only of the inventors and manu¬
facturers, Jenner and Knewstub, to the Queen, 33, St. James's-street,
and 66, Jermyn-street.
CAUTION. — Ice Safes or Refrigerators.—The new
DUPLEX REFRIGERATOR, combining every modern improve¬
ment, registered 17th March, 1869.—Notice is hereby given, that pro¬
ceedings will be taken against any one INFRINGING upon the
Corn.
ns rights under the registration by the sole makers, the
WENHAM LAKE ICE, COMPANY, 140, Strand, London, W.C.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted and registered achromatic lenses should
apply only direct to them, at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
CAUTION.—LIGHT HICKORY CARRIAGES.
—H. MULLINER, Leamington Carriage Works, finds it necessary
to state that it was he who exhibited the very Light Hickory Phaeton,
painted black and gold relief, and also the Light Hickory Whitechapel
Cart, at the Great Exhibition, Paris, 1867, and received the Prize
Medal for them. Also, that he has no other establishment than Lea¬
mington Spa, and 24, Baker-street, London.
CAUTION.—ALLISON'S PIANOS.—These instru¬
ments can only be obtained in London of the manufacturers, at
their warerooms, 108 and 109, Wardour.
terete e e e o r manufact ,
Werrington-street, Somers-town, N.W.; and in the provinces of all
the principal musicsellers. The public are cautioned against pur¬
chasing pianofortes represented as genuine second-hand instruments.
Messrs. Allison, in order to protect themselves and intending pur¬
chasers from this gross imposition, will, without charge, examine any
pianofortes which may be offered for sale purporting to be of their
make.—108 and 109, Wardour-Street, Soho-square, W.
CAUTION. —Water Filtration.—The LONDON
and GENERAL WATER PURIFYING COMPANY (Limited),
No. 157, Strand (four doors east of Somerset-house), caution the public
that theirs are the only patent cistern filters in which the sole filtering
material is pure animal charcoal, the value of which can be seen by
the following extract from Professer Frankland's report on the quality
of the London water supply, in the month of May, to the Registrar¬
General, vide the Times, June 2d, 1870 :—"Dr. Frankland finds that
by filtering the domestic supply of his own house (West Middlesex
Company's water) through animal charcoal, the organic matter is
reduced to about one fourth by the process, the water so filtered
containing less organic matter than the justly celebrated water
supplied to Manchester from the Derbyshire Hills." The Filters
referred to in the above were supplied by this Company, who caution
the public to be very particular in addressing their letters, or unfor¬
tunately, if addressed to the Company with no number they may
miscarry. Read "Water and its Impurities," by post 2d. Note the
address. 157, Strand.
