ONTT.—Mrs. Caroline de Montt wishes to know
if C. H. and F. A. refer to August, 1863, Havannah, Cuba. If

TO SECRETARIES of PUBLIC COMPANIES,
Stockbrokers, and others.—The Estate of Lionel Adam Spiel
mann, deceased.—The administrator of the ESTATE of LIONEL
ADAM SPIELMANN, late of No. 7. Conduit-street, in the county of
Middlesex, Stockdealer deceased, would feel obliged for INFOR¬
MATION regarding SHARES held by the deceased in any company
or undertaking, or any holding which the deceased may have had in
any a tblit lon, is cabe erch paoperty may not have been claimed by
the administrator. Address Hill and Son, 39, Old Broad-street, Lon¬
don, E.C., Solicitors for the Administrator.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt of the sum of £100 New £3 per Cent. Annuities,
heretofore standing in the name of JOHN REITZE, of 19, Lower¬
road, Islington, Baker, and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed since the 10th October, 1868;—Notice is hereby given that,
on the expiration of three months from this date (November 20tn,
1878), the said Stock will (be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon
paid to John Reitze, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £537 10s. Reduced £3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of ARTHUR
FINCH DAWSON, of Barrow-hill, Staffordshire, Esquire, and which
was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the
Dividends there on having remained unclaimed since the 10th October,
1868;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months
from this date (November 20th, 1878), the said Stock will be Trans¬
ferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to Arthur Finch Dawson, who
has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
CHARING-CROSSHOSPITAL, West Strand, W. C.
—The Treasurers tha kfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT
of a DONATION of £21 from Owen Roberts, Esq., being the pecuniary
qualification of a Life Governor.—HENRY WOOLCOTT, Sec.
WORTH-EASTERN HOSPITAL for CHILDREN,
Hackney-road, E.—The Committee beg to ACKNOWLEDG
with their best thanks, the RECEPT of a DONATION of FIVE
POUNDS from John Noble, Esq.; also a

Two Guineas, from Messrs. Cook, Son, and Co.—ALFRED
NIXON, Secretary.
CAUTION to BANKERS and others.—LOST in
transmission by post between London and Paris, on or abou
the 9th October last, THREE ACCEPTED FIRSTS of EXCHANGE
on the ORIFSTAL BANK CORPORATION for £800, £259, £250,
drawn from Mauritius under date 18th June, 1878, and numbered re¬
spectively F8727, F6755, F6756. Said drafts, originally to the order of
Messrs. Hajee Jackariah Mahomed and Co., require the endorse¬
ment of Mr. M. Gregonn
and payment of the same is stopped. Any
person to whom the same may be offered, or by whom they may be at
present held, is requested to give immediate INFORMATION to Mr.
M. Gregoire, 43, Boulevard de Strasbourg, Paris; or to Messrs. Blyth,
Greene, Jourdain, and Co., 3a, King William-street, London.
LOST, on the evening of Wednesday, the 13th, a
DIAMOND EARRING. Whoever will take the same to
32, Cleveland-square, shall receive FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, WARRANT for I hhd. Brandy. Mark
Nin a diamond MP. No. 4; number of warrant N93.915, ex
ship, Tern, London Docks; in name of J. Nobes. Wm. Webb and
Sons, 37, King William-street, London-bridge.
LOST, on Monday evening, Nov. 18, between Oxford¬
street and Hill-street, Berkeley-square, a MOROCCO LEATHER
PURSE, containing £5 notes and a small silver pencil-case. Whoever
take it to 5, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square, shall receive
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, on Tuesday, the 19th inst., from St. Paul's
Church, Wilton-place, between 8 and half-past, a LARGE


No. 15, Chesham-place, shall be REWARDED. Answers to the name

LOST, on Saturday morning, between 8.30 and 9
o'clock, a.BLACK and TAN COLLIE DOG, answering to the
name of Bon, and wearing a brown leather collar with name and ad¬
dress of owner on it. Whoever will give information, or take the
dog to 49, Rutland-gate, shall be REWARDED.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
a  Cavendish-square, a SMALL.
HALF-BRED SKYE TERRIER, dark gray, answers to the names of
Sam and Wiggy. Had on collar with E. Cuningham Boosey, 46,
Notting-hill-square, engraved on it. Whoever takes him to Mr.
Boosey, 296, Oxford-street, shall receive above reward. No further
reward will be offered.
HOSPITAL SATURDAY FUND.—Collectors for
Fund are particularly requested to SEND IN their
AMOUNTS at once, as the Fund will Close o.

J. W. PARR, Secretary.
No. 10, South-place, E.C., Nov. 18, 1878.
NOTICE.—ORDNANCE SURVEY of ENGLAND.
To LANDED PROPRIETORS, Clergymen, Agents or Factors of
Estates, Parish Officers, and all others interested in having the
Boundaries of the Parishes correctly ascertained and accurately laid
down on the Plans of the Ordnance Survey.
THE BOUNDARIES in Part of the COUNTY of
SALOP have
been ascertained as directed by the Act of
Parliament, 4th and 5th Victorise, cap. 30; (continued in force by
the Survey (Great Britain) Continuance Act, 1875), and the Sketch
maps drawn, which
aoa tin the field notes of the perambulation of
the following places, viz:—

Edgmond(detd.) Norton in Hales
Chetwynd.
Hinstock
Prees
Westonand
Che.
dodnet.
rdine
Stanton uponW

Child's Ercall
Ightfield.
Hine Heath
Redeastle

 Lee Brockburst Stoke—upon Whitchurch
Hales
Moreton Say

Tern.
will be open for inspection at the Guildhall, Shrewsbury, bety
the hours of 10 and 4 o'clock, on the 3d and 4th December, 1878.
The Boundaries in Part of the County of Monmouth:—
Llandevenny
Bishton.

St. Arvans


Llanwern
Grange (C.P.)
Caldicot.
forry-Mynydd Magor.
St. Bride's
Chay

Hill
Mathern
Netherwent.
Che
Lig


gibby
St. Kingsmark
Christchurch

Na
(C.P.)
Dinham
Llangym Isha
NewchurchEast St. Woollos
Goldcliff
Linngym Ugha
Newchurch
St. Pie.
and
Gwernesney
Llanhennock.
West.
Runstone
Howick
Newport
Lianilowell



Lianmartin


Itton.
Liantrissent
Penterry

Kemeys Infe-¬ Llanvihangel,
Portskewet
Whitson
rior
near Rogglett Redwick
Wilerick
Kilgwrrwg Llanvair 
Roggiett.
Wolves-Newt
Llandegveth coed
St. Arvans.
will be open for inspection at the Town-hall, Newport, Monmouth
between the hours of 10 and 4 o'clock on 6th and 7th December, 1878.
As the boundaries laid down on the Government maps were pointed
ut to the Ordnance surveyors by meresmen, or persons appointed by
Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace assembled in Quarter Sessions, as
directed by the Acts of Parliament quoted above, the maps may pos¬
sibly become evidence respecting the boundaries, and the

right of rating lands.
refore, proprietors, agents, and other persons
to whom this notice is addressed, are particularly requested to examine
the sketch maps, to ascertain that the boundaries of those lands in
and for which they are interested have been correctly defined and laid
down, and to bring with them plans of their estates for comparison
with the boundary sketch maps, that, should ann
tifferences be
found, they may he ino.
te e into and corrected before the maps are
engraved and published.
A. C. COOKE, Colonel Royal Engineers, Director.
N.B.—These are mere skeleton outline maps, and do not show
the boundaries of private property.
ROYS.—Sea Service.—The Board of Trade hereby
CAUTION parents and guardians against empleying un¬
authorized persons to obtain situations for boys on board ship.
Any such persons receiving any payment for obtaining such employ¬
ment are liable to a heavy penalty, which will be enforced if particu¬
lars are sent to the Board of Trade.
CHANGE of NAME.—John Cookson Fife Cookson,
formerly John Cookson Fife.—Notice is hereby given, that I,
John Cookson Fife Cookson, of Whitenill, in the county paiatine of
Durham, a Captain in Her Majesty's 65th Regiment, who up to the
date and execution of the deed poll hereinafter mentioned have used
and been known by the name of JOHN COOKSON FIFE, have
(pending my application for a Royal licence), by deed poll, dated the
9th day of November, 1878, under my hand and seal, witnessed by J.
Hugo C. Greenwell, of 24, Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons, in the City
of London. Solicitor, and duly enrolled in the Chancery Division of
the High Court of Justice, and in pursuance of the direction in
behalf containe in
the
he last will and testa
ent of John Cook¬
son, late of Whitehill aforesaid, Es.
ire,
cceased, ASSUMED the
SURNAME of COOKSON, in addition to and after

so that the name of Cookson shall be the last and principal name,

ignate myself, and I and my issue shal l 
and
will be designated, known, and distinguish ey
thers at all

in all deeds and writings, and in all dealings and
ransactions, and in all actions, suits, and other proceedingt
toee 
which I or they may become a party or parties, or be otherwise
interested, and on all other occasions whatsoever, by the surname of
Cookson, in addition to and after that of Fife. And I do hereby ex¬
pressly authorise and desire every person whomsoever to designate
and describe me and my issue accordingly. And I further give
notice I have quartered the arms of
bokson with those of Fife.
it being my express intention to in every way comply with the direc¬
tions in the will of the said John Cookson in that behalf contained.—
Dated this 11th day of November, 1878.
JOHN COOKSON FIFE COOKSON.
CLARKSON, SON, £ GREENWELL. Doctors'¬
commons, E.C., Solicitors.
IN the Matter of LETTERS PATENT granted to
JOHN HUGHES, formerly of Millwall, in the County of Mid¬
dlesex, but now of No. 23, Great Wincnester-street, in the City of
London, Engineer, bearing date the 1st day of February,
18607
te e for his "Invention.
Improvements in then¬
ton of
Armour-plated Ships, Forts, and other like
cuctures."—Notice is

is the intention of the above named John Hughes
to present a PETITION to Her Majesty in Council, pr.
tang Her Ma¬

ONGATION of the TERM of the said Letters
Patent. And notice is hereby further given, that on the 24th day of
December next, or on such subs
dent day as the Judicial Committee.
of Her Majesty's rie
ouncil shall appoint for that purpose, appli¬
sation will be made by Counsel to the o


ed for hearing the matter ofth

exson
desirous of being heard in oppoe


a caveat to that effect at the e e e
oe en

said 29th day of December 1878.—Dated
1 e.

1678. TH

-inn-square ,1.
ion,
te n e for Mes
Daniel and Cox, Shannon-court,
is .
oi o o s for the
itioner.
MPORTAN
NOTICE.
SWEARS and WELLE

furm
eir patrons, specially those residing
broad, that having discovered a large quantity of letters directed to
heir customers secret
on their premises, and having reason to be

aen n the postage stamps.
everry
case dishonestly appropriated, they hasten to make


fact, in order to remo e


venienced by this untowar
affair, the unfavourable impressionth
the corresponde




ducted.


Wa
house, 182, Regent-street, London, W. Paris Exhibitio.
,180
an
med
1878. Prize
StS.
FREE TRADE
ASILVER PLATE.—N
t ee
—The
taxation of silver plate by means o n
toeise, an
beetee still
e

hing, byet ehich e

dered, and art progress and the technical education of the
silversmith are seriously impeded, has been condemned by statesmen,
political economists, politicians of every shade of opin
n notably
boy th

United Kingdom. A vigorous effort will be made

toe secure for the silver trade a
sound, free-trade, commercial basis. Full particulars relating to the
subject may be obtained from Edward J. Watherston, 12, Pall-mall
east, London.
MR. WENDEL SCHERER, Private and Confiden¬
tial Inquiry Agent, can now be daily CONSULTED. 24 years'
experience in England and the Continent.—11, Blomfield-terrace,
Paddington.
RTHUR CLEVELAND MONTAGU and Co.,
Legal and Confidential Agents, Marlborough-chambers, 49, Pall¬
mall. S.W. Mr. Montagu may be CONSULTED daily, between 10
and 5 o'clock, on Saturdays till 2, on home and foreign cases. 20 years'
legal experience. Letters and telegrams promptly attended to.
THE WIGMORE TRAINED NURSES' INSTI¬
TUTE. — Resident skilled and experienced NURSES for Medical,
Surgical, Monthly, Mental, and Fever cases supplied at a minute's
notice. Address the Misses Carty, 34, Wigmere-street, London, W.
THE LONDON ASSOCIATION of NURSES,
62, New Bond-street, W.—Superior hospital-trained NURSES.
for medical, mental, monthly, surgical, fever, and smallpox cases, are
always in readiness. Also Male Attendants and Medical Rubbers.
In this Association the nurses are not paid by small salaries, but
receive their earnings.—Superintendent, M. FIn. H.
GENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, 5, Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden, W.C.

Medical Director—ALFRED EBSWORTH, F.R.C.S.
Resident skilled medical, surgical, and monthly nurses are supplied
at a moment's notice from this Institute ; also fever nurses, male
attendants, and wet nurses. Applications to be addressed to the
Secretary or Lady-Superintendent.
NURSES.—Mr. WILSON'S INSTITUTION, 96
Wimpole-street, Cavendish-square, London, W.
For upwards of 12 years the most eminent of the me e
profession
and the public nave been supplied with my Nurs.
who res d d e at
No. 96, Wimpole-street, which is a guarantee of their efficiency and
respectability.
Medical, Surgical Monthly, Mental, Dipsomania, Fev
Nurses, &c.
Fever Nurses reside in a separate house, and only attend fevers.
Male attendants for all cases.
Having the largest staff of nurses and the mos¬
ienced in Lon¬
don every application can be at once supplied
Nurses sent to all parts of England, America, and the Continent at
a moment's notice. The nature of the case must be described, per¬
sonally or by lattar or talegram, to Mr. Wilson or Lady Superintendent.
