LD—G. P—.Do WRITE. H—b—y has
been unwell. I will explain. Ever yours, C—E.
IH.'s Communication of the 12th was not received
till the 19th. The answer is still at the post office, Conduit¬
street, Hyde-park.
TO PATENTEES. —Some months ago an advertise¬
ment appeared in The Times, that motive power might be obtained
by means of electricity. The ADVERTISER, who is believed to have
patented his invention and to have given an address in the east of
London, may HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE by apply¬
ing to L. Green and Co., 113, Fenchurch-Street.
MAJOR SAMUEL HUMFRAY, late of the E.I.
Company's Service, deceased.—Mrs. DAVIS, his sister, is re¬
quested to COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Lawford and Waterhouse,
of Drapers'-hall, 28, Austinfriars, London, E.C., Solicitors to the
Administrator-General of Bengal, with reference to his estate.
WILLIAM THILTHORPE, deceased, formerly
of Upper Newland-terrace, Kensington.—If any RELATIVES
of this person will APPLY to Messrs. Heather and Son, of Paternoster¬
row, London, solicitors, they may HEAR of SOMETHING to their
ADVANTAGE.
LOST, at the University Boat Race, a MEER¬
SCHAUM PIPE, much coloured; curved stem, silver mount,
engraved with the leaf of the tobacco plant. HALF a GUINEA will
be paid for the pipe and case on application to N. C. W., 5, Field-ter¬
race, East-hill, Wandsworth.
LOST, on the evening of Thursday, the 22d inst., a
DIAMOND CRESCENT BROOCH, either dropped at the Vic¬
toria-ball, Bayswater, or in stepping out of the carriage at 31, Holland¬
villas-road, Kensington. Whoever brings it to the above address shall
be handsomely REWARDED.—26th March.
LOST.—LEFT in a Hansom CAB, on the morning
of Tuesday, the 27th March, a small BOX, covered with a
wrapper, addressed to Senor Balcarce, Paris. The cab was taken in
Keppel-street, Russell-square, and was discharged at the corner of St.
Helen's-place, Bishopsgate-street. Whoever will bring the same to
Messrs. Isaac and Samuel, 3, Winchester-buildings, Great Winchester¬
street, shall be liberally REWARDED
LEFT in a Hansom CAB, taken from the Horticul¬
tural Gardens, on Saturday last, a CANE, with carved ivory
t r
git to 36, Queen's-gate-terrace, shall receive
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.
CARD CASE.—LOST, between Eaton-square and
Eccleston-square, a TORTOISESHELL CARD CASE, full of
cards, with the name of Lady Victoria Lambton. Any person bringing
the same to 74, South Audley-street, shall be REWARDED.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—If the Hansom cab¬
man who set down a gentleman at No. 20, Cambridge-terrace, on
Wednesday evening last, at 7 p.m., will bring the BLACK LEATHER
BAG LEFT in his CAB to 21, Carlten-road, Maida-vale, he shall re¬
ceive the above reward.
BLACK LEATHER BAG LOST, between West¬
bourne-grove and Kilburn, on Saturday evening last. Two old
railway labels, one "Preston," the other "Over Darwen," on one side
of it. ONE POUND REWARD will be given to whoever will take it,
with contents, to Coniston-house, Mortimer-road, Kilburn gate.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—A GOLD HUNT¬
ING WATCH LOST near the Star and Garter Hotel, Putney,
on the 24th March. One side of the watch is plain, and on the other
side are the initials A. E. in blue enamel; above the initials is a crest
(an arm holding an arrow), also in blue enamel. Whoever will bring
the watch to 48, Eaton-square, shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, in June last, near the Blackheath Railway
Station, a HAIR BRACELET, inscribed J. S. P., with date of
death and age. The owner can have the same on giving correct de¬
scription, and paying cost of advertisement, if within three weeks
from this date, otherwise it will be SOLD. Apply at Mr. Faulkner's,
No. 62, St. Martin's-le-Grand.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £104 16s. 11d. Consolidated 3 per
Cent. Annuities heretofore standing in the name of CHARLES
GRIFFITHS, of Lower Garden-street, Westminster, gentleman, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the
dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th January,
1849 ; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said stock will be transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid to Elizabeth Simons, widow, late wife of William Simons,
deceased, the administratrix, with will annexed, of Charles Griffiths,
deceased, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND. —Unclaimed Stock.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the Natienal Debt of the sum of £200 Consolidated
Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
HENRY HIRD FORSTER, of Tynemouth, Northumberland, Esq.,
and which was Transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence
of the Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th
January, 1855;—Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid to Henry Hird Forster, who has claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his claim thereto.
SHUM and CROSSMAN, 3, King's-road, Bedford-row, Solicitors.
NEXT of KIN (important—never before published).
—A classified and descriptive INDEX (of 16,000 names) to AD¬
VERTISEMENTS for NEXT of KIN, Chancery heirs, legatees, and
unclaimed money from 1760 to 1866 ; also of British subjects who have
died intestate in the colonies; sent post free for 30 stamps. Address
Mr. CULLMER, 6, Holland-street, Clapham-road. London, S.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To HENRY MATHESON, late of
Kelvin-terrace, Upper Sydenham, in the county of Kent, photographer.
—Take notice that a CITATION, bearing date the 21st day of March,
1866, has issued under the seal of Her Maiesty's Court for Divorce and
Matrimonial Causes, at the instance of Frances Matheson, of No. 9,
St. John's-road, Croydon, in the county of Surrey, citing you to appear
in the said Court within eight days of service thereof, then and there to
answer her petition filed in the said Court praying for a dissolution of
marriage; and such citation contained an intimation that, in default
of your so doing, the Court will proceed to hear the said petition proved
in due course of law land to pronounce sentence therein, your absence
notwithstanding. — Dated the 22d day of March, 1866.
A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
WM. W. EADEN, 10, Gray's-inn-square, London,

MALMAINE and Co. — AUTHORS' COPY¬
RIGHTS.—All persons who may have placed musical composi
tions in the hands of the above firm, for publication or otherwise, are
hereby requested to take notice that if the PLATES be NOT
CLAIMED prior to the 24th day of June next, and the charges du
thereon paid, the same will be SOLD as metal, to defray expenses.
By order of the Executors of the late T. G. Mackinlay, Esq.
(D'Almaine and Co.,
EDMUND ROBINS, Auctioneer and Valuer, 5, Waterloo-place,
Pall-mall, S.W., to whom all applications are to be addressed.
March 24, 1866.
Mr. Robins takes this opportunity of reminding the trade that the
Sale of the Music Plates and valuable Copyrights attaching to the
above old-established business will take place as soon as the catalogue,
ow in course of preparation, is completed. Due notice will be giv
m
A. F. DENT, 33 and 34, Cockspur-Street, Charing¬
cross, watch, clock, and chronometer maker to Her Majesty.—
e. Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery, on the application of
M. F. Dent, granted, on the 11th July, 1861, a perpetual injuneti on
restraining Henry William Turpin and others from manufacturing
selling, or exporting any watches marked with the name of "Dente
M. F. Dent has to CAUTION all persons whomsoever against the
fraudulent use of any of the following trade-marks:—"M. F. Dent, 33
and 34, Cockspur-steete.
E. J. Dent ;" "R. E. Dent;" "M. F. Dent.
and Co.;" "M. F. Dent " "Dent and Co." "Dent
NOTICE of TRADEMARK.—Messrs. FELTOE
and SONS, 26, Conduit-street, London, finding wine of inferior
quality is being circulated for the old-fashioned nutty flavour DES¬
PREGNEZ SHERRY, of which they are the sole consignees, have, in
lustice to themselves and the public, protected it by a trade mark.
Their only appointed agents for the sale of this pure Spanish wine are
Messrs. Hallam and Cutlack, 67, East-street, Brighton, and Mr.
S. C. Walker, 18, Tib-lane, Manchester. Samples may be had from
either of the three establishments, 40s. per dozen, carriage paid; and
for the convenience of familles it is imported in quarter-casks, with the
usual advantage in price to purchasers of that quantity. Founded 1819.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—The Society of Arts having
awarded their siver medal and prize of 20 guineas to Messrs.
PARKINS and GOTTO, of 25, Oxford-street, for their 2s. WRITING¬
CASE (of which 400,000 have been sold), for its utility, durability, and
cheapness, the public are hereby CAUTIONED against various imita¬
tions of the same, none being genuine unless stamped "Parkins and
Gotto," with a crown above. The Postmaster-General permits this par¬
ticular case to pass through the post for four stamps
MUDSON's BAY TERRITORY.—Notice. —Share¬
holders who may not have received Mr. DODD's ADDRESS
are informed that it will be forwarded free on written application to
Mr. Stanford, 6, Charing-cross, S.W. Non-shareholders may pur¬
chase the same of A. H. Baily and Co., 3, Royal Exchange-buildings.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—ION, bread and biscuit
baker, REMOVED from 2, Lower Eaton-street, Grosvenor¬
place, to 2, Belgrave-street south, in consequence of expiration of
ease. Established 1780. Vienna bread, biscuits, rusks, &c.
NOTICE.—BLOCKEYs.—The alterations now in
progress will in no way interfere with usual business arrange¬
ments. Letters to 21, Duke-street, as before. The opening of the
new dining and luncheon rooms will be duly announced.—21, Duke¬
street, and 80, Jermyn-street, St. James's.
IN consequence of the JEWISH HOLYDAYS, E.
MOSES and SONS' ESTABLISHMENTS will be CLOSED on
Saturday evening, the 31st inst., and re-opened, as usual, on Monday
morning, the 2d April, at 7 o'clock.—E. Moses and Son corner of
Minories and Aldgate; New Oxford-street, corner of Hart-street;
Tottenham-court-road, corner of Euston-road; also Bradford, York-¬
shire.
THE GROSVENOR HOTEL, Belgravis.—

FREDERIC SMITH, Manager.
CAEN, Normandy.—HUMBY's FAMILY HOTEL,
pleasantly situate. Charges moderate. The Times taken daily.
THE QUEEN's HOTEL, Aberystwith, will be
OPENED 1st May.
NOTEL MIRABEAU, 8, rue de la Paix, Paris,
First class family hotel. Patronised by the Royal Family.
JOUTH KENSINGTON HOTEL, Queen's-gate¬
terrace, South Kensington. The quietest, most comfortable, and
moderate hotel in London for families. Rooms spacious and airy.
HIP, Greenwich, March 15, 1866. — Trains from
Charing-cross every 20 minutes.—THOMAS QUARTERMAINE
begs to inform the public that he is now fully prepared to serve
rs.
BADLEY's HOTEL (first-class), opposite Ludgate
Station of the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway, for families
and gentlemen. Bed, breakfast, and attendance in the coffee-room, 6s.
—J. HART, sole Proprietor.
JAXELL's HOTEL, West Strand, close to the
theatres and places of amusement. Great comfort, with mode¬
rate charges. Bed rooms, 2s. 6d. ; drawing room, with bed room en
suite, 8s. 6d., 10s. 6d.; attendance, 1s. Baths. A night watchman.
LEXANDRA HOTEL, Clapham-common, S.—
This new and elegant HOTEL is now OPENED for the accom¬
modation of families and others seeking a healthy and cheerful resi¬
dence. Easy access to city and west end. For tariff, &c., address to
the Manager.
BOYCE, Proprietor.—ROYAL PIER HOTEL,
Herne-bay, Kent, immediately facing the sea.—Gentlemen
and families can be provided with bed rooms, private siting room, and
liberal board, at two guineas per week each person, and children
under 12 years of age at 3s. per day.
WHITE HORSE HOTEL, Dorking, Surrey;
favourite summer resort for families and gentlemen; proverbial
for comfort and economy. For beauty of scenery nothing can surpass
Leith-hill, Box-hill, and the district around Dorking, decidedly the
finest part of England.—JOHN GODDARD, wine and spirit mer¬

ROULEVART des CAPUCINES, at the corner of
the Rue Scribe.—Great and small FURNISHED APART¬
MENTS. This establishment, founded by the Company on the same
conditions of luxury and comfort as the Great Hotel and Hotel du
Louvre, is specially arranged for those families who intend to remain
in Paris for some time. Very moderate prices.
GRAND HOTEL du LOUVRE, established 1855,
situate in the most central part of Paris, Rue de Rivoli and Place
du Palais Royal.—600 bed rooms, at from 3f. to 20f.; 60 sitting rooms,
at from 4f. to 20f. ; a richly-decorated dining saloon, table d'hote at
6 o'clock. Public coffee and dining rooms; choice wines; dinners
served a la carte, both in the dining rooms and the private apartments;
reading and conversation saloons; also saloons for musical, wedding,
and other parties. All newspapers and serial publications received.
Divans, coffee, smoking, and billard rooms; numerous bath rooms,
Carriages on the premises; first class private equipages at command;
ommibuses running to all the railway stations. Postal letter-box:
telegraph office day and night. Photographic studio. A staff of ser¬
vants, speaking all languages.
THE GRAND HOTEL, Boulevard des Capucines,
Place du Nouvel Opera, opposite the rue de la Paix, and near
the theatres, has been opened since July, 1862. It contains 700 bed
rooms (prices from 4 to 25 franes), 70 drawing rooms (from 5 to 30f.), a
magnificent saloon, capable of dining more than 300 persons (and
where there is a table d'hote at 6 o'clock). Dinners and breakfasts are
served a la carte in the coffece rooms as well as in the apartments.
There is a reading room, with the best English and foreign papers and
publications, a music room, and a drawing room, for the use of travel¬
lers, without any additional charge. There are also baths, billard
rooms, smoking divans, post office, cabs, carriages, and omnibuses
going to the railway stations. The servants speak all languages. This
superb Hotel, possessing all that modern luxury and comfort can com¬
bine, and situate in the most fashionable part of Paris, is recommended
to the attention of travellers.
