F. Z. Z.—Send ADDRESS. Important.
INraT r  e Hrnnt
"H.—Nover changing. Trusting ever. Faithful
unto death.
FOUR two loving sisters implore vou," Boy," to come
back. Your two brothers can and will make everything right,
oy you will come at once.
MARY.—For Heaven's sake let me know through
some means or other how you are. All I do to forget you is of
G. A., Union Club, Trafalgar-square.—M. L. wrote
as requested, but letters are returned. Kindly COMMUNICATE
again. No time to be lost.—M. L., Abbott's, 7, Little, Tower¬
street, E.C.
DEAR-CHARLIE.—I have been very ill, and I am
ordered out of town. I fear I shall never return again. Pray let
me see you on Wednesday next. If you will not, say no, as I am too
weak to bear much fatigue.
FOSTER CHARLES SPARROW, master marmer,
London, 1812.—If the REPRESENTATIVES will APPLY to
W. G. Enscoe, accountant, 137, Blackfriars-road, they will hear of some¬
thing beneficial.
UNCLAIMED MONEY.—HILL (GEORGE) and
BENNETT (THOMAS), Watling-street, warehousemen (1812). If
the REPRESENTATIVES will APPLY to W. G. Enscoe, 137, Black¬
friars-road, accountant, they will hear of something to their advantage.
THE Reverend WM. CLACK, deceased.—WANTED,
the HEIR at LAW of this gentleman, who for many years lived
at Scham, Cambs., and died there in 1860. His father's name was
Richard Clack, who was formerly in business at Royston, Herts. Ad¬
dress Mr. Bye, solicitor, Soham.
TO G. D. (Red Rose) at C.n, May, 1868.—I
am very auxious to obtain an interview with you at your plessure,
and should that be impracticable, then let me know where a few lines
would reach. Lapse of years must prove that my motives are disin¬
terested. Do not refuse. Time makes great changes, sometimes for
the ibetter. "Je pense à vous toujours."—H. A. T., 2. St. Petersburgh¬
lace, Bayswater,
REWARD.—
Whereas, PATRICK DOOLEY, late
of Gorey, in the c o e

is country
eae oette.
about the year 1846, for Shelkl
a

since been heard


aswo
enable h.
family to ascertain whether

ic Dooley 1s.
now livin et
ah e e n en  


on applica t e,


e-street,
Dub-in.
NOTICE.—MECHANICS' MAGAZINE.—In con¬
sequence of robberies having been committed from the letter¬
box at the office of this paper, at 166, Fleet-street, all firms who, during
the last four weeks, have forwarded money through the post in payment
for advertisements or subscriptions, are respectfully requested to
farour the proprietors with a copy of the receipt sent to them.
NONYMOUS DONATION of £2,000.—The Rev.
B. OSWALD SHARP, begs gratefully to ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEIPT of the above munificent GIFT for the Smithfield
Martyrs' Memorial Church; thus enabling it to be immediately con¬
secrated, without debt, if all the other sums promised are forthwith
paid.
LOST, on the evening of the 10th instant, a SMALL
POCKET-BOOK. TEN POUNDS REWARD will be paid on
its restoration to the owner, whose name and address is written on the
first page. Initials P. R. Notes stopped.
LEFT in a Hansom CAB, at the door of the Café
Riche, on the night of 11th May, an OPERA GLASS, in case.
If the cabman will deliver same at the Bedford, Covent-garden, he shall
receive TEN SHILLINGS.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LEFT, in the Metro¬
politan Railway, on Thursday afternoon, a small MOROCCO
BAG, containing MS. books, medical papers, and other articles of
little value except to the owner. The above will be paid to any one
taking it to the porter, at St. Mary's Hospital, Paddington.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—DOG LOST, on
Tuesday evening, April 18, 1871, in Lower Calthorpe-street, W. C.,
a long-haired BLACK and STEEL SKYE TERRIER DOG. Answers
to the name of Sweep. Whoever restores the same to the owner, at
No. 17, Lower Calthorpe-street, shall receive the above reward. No
further reward will be offered.
DOG LOST—Black and Tan Collic, white breast,
white fore-legs, white tip to tail, and double dew claws.
nswers (imperfectly) to the name of Boofums Junior, TWO POUNDS
REWARD if taken to 88, St. James's-street. No further reward will
be offered.
ROYAL THAMES YACHT CLUB BALL.—A
lady left TWO RINGS, one sapphire and one pearl, in the cloak
room at Willis's Rooms, on the 1st May, and will feel much obliged if
any lady who has found the same or taken them by mistake will
RETURN them to Mr. Willis, 26, King-street, St. James's.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £60 Consolidated £3 per Cen
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of ROBERT STAINS,
of Dartford, Kent, gentleman, and which was transferred to the said
Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having re¬
mained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1859;—Notice is hereby given,
that on the expiration of three months from this date the said Stock
will be Transfered, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to Robert
Stains, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT of PROBATE (the
Principal Registry).—To the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all other
persons havig
orn
ming any interest in th e e
nal estate d
effects of PRISCILLA RIDGE, late o r ¬
hford-place, Havil-street.
Camberwell, in the county of Surrey, widow e e e.
 e .

that o i.

No of May last, a CITE
ai oter st al f
sue
Her Maiesty's (ourt of Probate, at the instance of John Andrew, o
No. 3, Drake-street, Red Lion-square, in the o e¬

idleser,
carpenter, a cred
the e d e e
oron
oe n  the e e t kin
if any) to appear within thirty days, and accept or refuse letters of
adminin
tion of the personal estate and effects of the said Priscilla

and

caring, the Judge
of the sa i o o.
tie e et
seeseseesa
will proceed to grant letters of
oreonal estate

s

to the said John Andrew, your absence
hotwithstandin.


L .S

INGLE, COOE, an
HOLEMES
dlicitors, 20, Thread¬
eed
street,E.C.
TO JOHN BELCHER, now or late of the Wel¬
lington Barracks, Bird Cage-walk, Pimlico,
the county of Mid¬
diesex.
toake notice, that a o.
tHer

Majesty's Court for Divorce and Matrim eon.

of Mary
a n Belcber, of No. S
Arundel.
 ht No. 8,
nton¬
square, in the county of Middlesex, citing you to appear wi

day s o on.
woe,
th e e e
petitie

th e sa e oo et.
t  
to ion of her m arriage
ar inn
to you, and
such cite.

a e n default of your so doing
the
ae t will proceed to hear
Tote e e ct proved in due course of law.
and to pronounce sent.
Leen
hstanding:
and a further intimation, that for the purpes
foresaid you are to
att
 in person, or by your proctor, solicitor or attor
te et th
Registry of the said Court in Doctors'-comt.


enter an appearance in a e oe
provided for that purpose, without
which,

the Court in person or be heard
at any sta o.

EDWARD F. JE E
NER, Registrar.
A. W. IRWIN, 6, Gray's-inn-square, Solicitor for Petitioner.
MARTELLS BRANDY.—CAUTION.—All persons
are hereby cantioned against manufacturing, making, engraving.
or printing, or in any manner using, any labels, capaules, brands, or
marks in imitation of, oronly colourablydiffering from, the labels capsules,
brands, and marks used byMessrs. Martell and Co., of Cognac, in the course
of their business as exporters of Brandy; and notice is hereby given,
that the High Court of Chancery in England has granted (amongst
injuuctions against other persons) a perpetual injunction against Alfred
Drury, of King-Street, Liverpool, in the county of Lancaster, printer and
engraver, and also his workmen, servants, and acents, under the penalty
of £5,000, to be levied on his and their lands, goods, and chattels, from
printing, manufacturing, or selling, without the sanction of the said
Messrs. Mertell and Co., any labels similar to or only colourably differ¬
ing from the labels used by the said Messrs. Martell and Co. as afore¬
said; and also a perpstual injunction against Thomas Hutchinson and
Joshua Cox. of 49, South John-Street, Liverpool aforesald, ship store
merchants, wine and spirit merchants, sail makers, and shipchandlers,
and also against George Pickering of Stone, in the county of Staford, ime
and coal merchant, and each of them, and each of their agents, servants,
and workmen, under the penalty of £5,000, to be levied upon their and each
and every of their lands, goods, and chattels, from aflixing, or causing,
to be affixed, to any bottles of brandy any labol made in imitation of,
or only colourably dit
ring from, that used by the said Messrs. Martell
and Co., and from using or causing to be used in any bottles of
brandy not bottled by the said Messrs. Marcell and Co., either
corks with the brand used by the said Messrs, Martell and Co.,
or with any brand only colourably differing therefrom, or capsules
similar to or only colourably differing from those used by the
said Messrs. Martell and Co., and from packing and selling such
bottles of brandy in cases having stamped thereon a facsimile of
the trade mark of the said Messrs. Martell and Co., or any mark
or stamp only colourably differing therefrom, and from selling
exporting, or otherwise disposing of any bottle of brandy so labolied,
corked, or capsuled, or packed or placed in such cases not being brand,
bottled by the said Messrs. Martell and Co.; and notice is hereby further
given, that proceedings will be taken by the said Messrs. Martell and
Co. against any person or persons who shall or may manufacture,
make, engrave, or print any labels made in imitation of or only colour¬
ably differing from the labels so used by the said Mesers. Martell and
Co.,; and also that proceedings will be taken by them against any person
or persons who shall make use, affix, or apply, or caused to be made,
used, affixed, or applied to any bottle or botties of brandy, or to any
corks, or to any cases containing bottles of brandy, any labels, cap¬
sules, brands, or marks made in imitation of, or only colourably differ¬
ing from, the labels, capsules, brands, or marks so used by the said
Messrs. Martell and Co.—Dated this 7th day of May, 1871.
W. and H. P. SHARP, 92, Gresham-house, Old Broad-street.
London, E.C., Solicitors for the said Messrs. Martell and
Co., and for Messrs. Matthew Clark and Son, 72, Great
Tower-street, London, E.C., London Agents for the said
Messrs. Martell and Co.
COLUMBIA MARKET.—Notice to the Public.—
FISH taken and sold retail to all parts of London daily, either
in large or in smallest quantities, at market prices.
Notice for a cart to call to be sent to the Manager, Columbla Market.
CAUTION.—HARVEYS SAUCE.—Each bottle of
this celebrated sauce, prepared by E. LAZENBY and SON, bears
the label, used so many years, signed
lizaboth Lazenby."
CAUTION.—CHUBBS PATENT SAFES, for
effectually securing books, deeds, cash, plate, and jewels from
fire and burglars, can be obtained, in London, only at Chubb and
cesenesg
CAUTION.—VOIGTLANDERS OPERA and RACE
GLASSES.—The public is cautioned that Mr. CALLAGHAN is
the appointed SOLE AGENT for the above.—23a, New Bond-street,
corner of Conduit-stret.
CAUTION.—BETTSS CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of capsules made in contravention
of his rights, which necessarily are numerous, Betts being the original
inventor and sole maker in the United Kingdom.—1, Wharf-road, City¬
road, London and Bordeaux, France.—April 8, 1869.
CAUTION.—The Court of Queen's Bench have decided
that the name, title, and trade-mark, LAMPLOUGHS PYRETIO
SALINE rests exclusively in him, and decreed damages. To insure
the genuine, the public is informed that his signature is on the buir
wrapper.—113, Holborn-hill, London.
CAUTION.—In consequence of mistakes, the public
are cautioned that the FURNITURE STORE WAREHOUSES,
BAKER-STREET BAZAAR, are situate within the Baker-street
Bazaar, and that there is no branch establishment. —Store Warehouses,
Baker-street Bazaar. Entrances in Baker-street and King-street.—
JOHN HANES, Manager.
CAUTION.—Messrs. HANCOCKS and Co.,
Goldsmiths, Jewellers, and Silversmiths to the Queen, the Prince
and Princess of Wales, and the principal Courts of Europe, &c.,
regret being compelled to CAUTION the public that their BUSINESS.
established by Mr. C. F. Hancock, is only CARRIED ON at the same
address, No. 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of Bond-street.
—
CAUTION.—lee Safes or Refrigerators.—The new
DUPLEX REFRIGERATOR, combining every modern im¬
provement, registered 17th March, 1869.—Notice is hereby given, that
proceedings will be taken against any one INFRINGING upon the
Company's rights under the registration by the sole makers, the
WENHAM LAKE ICE COMPANY, 125, Strand, London, W.C.
(corner of Savoy-street).
CAUTION.—Mr. STREETER (late Hancock and Co.,
Limited), Goldsmith and Diamond Merchant, sole introducer
of 18carat GOLD JEWELLERY, machine made, respectfully informs
the public that his only ADDRESS is 37, Conduit-street, leading from
Bond-street, W., and that at no other address can this universally¬
known jewellory be obtained.
CAUTION.—Improvements in lce Safes.—Mr. Ash,
the inventor of the celebrated Piston Freezing Machine, having
recently patented an ICE SAFE, termed the Filtoring Refrigerator,
which produces important advantages not to be obtained by the use of
any others. Vendors of the most ordinary refrigerators are now adopt¬
ing a similar title, therefore it becomes necessary to give public notice
that Mr. Ash's Patent can only be procured from the PISTON FREEZ¬
ING MACHINE and ICE COMPANY, 314, 3150, Oxford-street, W.
(near Harewood-gate).
NOTICE.—Mr. SIMEON MOSELY, sen., sur¬
geon-dentist, has only one London residence, 6, George-street,
Hanover-square. W.
NOTICE.—Mr.
EOR.
S of 224, Rue de Rivol,

nnounces to his friends that he has safcly arrived in Lon¬
aond
ad a is address
taeil afairs are settledie 4, York-place
ortman-square.
OTOIOCER.E—NESITS.
Five¬
te n Telescope.
Mesrs.
and B. SOLOMON.
beg to give notice, that in futore their FIVE¬
t.
EETE
OPE will bear their name and address in full en¬
graved on the
aes s e dd ae n th aht the ce e e
which will bear the
test of the late Lord Rosse, viz, a
bower, willhave their initials on
the adge.—
Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
