S. Z.—TWO LETTERS RECEIVED. Many
thanks. Sister goes down on 5th.
W. P., late of Oxford-street, London, is earnestly
requested to COMMUNICATE with his parents immediately.
G.—Mother is in great anxiety and affiction.
WRITE directly, under cover to Morgan and Co., giving an
ddress. Affairs shall be settled to your entire satisfaction.
THOMAS WILLIAMS, of Nassau.—This gentle¬
man's ADDRESS in London WANTED, by Milligan, Evans,
and Co., Liverpool.
ON JOSE FRANCISCO de CABARGA is
WANTED, at Obrapia-street, No. 18, Habana, Island of Cuba.
Boston, July 21, 1865.
NOTICE.—If Mr. JOHN ALLEN CAMPBELL
will apply at No. 47, Hanover-street.
No e nston, Jamaica, he
will HEAR of SOMETHING to his BENEFE
IF this should MEET the EYE of a person who
posted a letter to a clergyman in Liverpool last week, supposed to
he brought by him from his brother in New South Wales, the adver¬
tiser would feel much obliged by his COMMUNICATING with him
immediately, addressed to A.B., care of Mr. Wishart, 105, Great
George-street, Liverpo.
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand,
V.C.—The Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEIPT through the donation boxes at the Hospital during the
month of July, of £49 18s. 10d., including two £10 notes, Nos. 61254
and 61255; a £5 note, No. 79741, wrapped round 1s.; £5 from H. R.;
£5 from M. C. L.; and £4 10s. wrapped in a piece of paper.
The Hospital is in grea e e
HENRY WOOL
SOTT, Secretary.
LOST, at Richmond, on the 1st of August, a long
rough-haired BLACK and TAN TERRIER, long in the body,
and with very short legs. ONE POUND REWARD will be paid on
taking the dog to Mr. Cook's library, Hill-street, Richmond.
LOST.—THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT
at King's-cross Station, on the 2d inst., in a second class carriage
of the 10.35 a.m. train from Bishop's-road to Farringdon-street, a small
BLACK BAG, locked, contale
tters, pniin.


ae e e 
Punier, Esq.'s,
No. 8, Union-court, Old Broad-street, E.C., shall receive the above

COST o ST
LEN, the following BANK of ENG¬
LAND NOTES, viz.:—L.G. 67666, Leeds, July 19, 1861, £10 ;
B.A. 57094, Manchester, Jan u r.
1864, £1.
Z.S. 43648, Leicester,
February
1861, £10

Liverpool, May 5, 1864. £10;
B.O. 22447, Port.
outh, October 1, 1864, 3
also an Onera Glass, by
o.
o Moorg,
st, London. A liberal REWARD will be
paid (if stolen) on conviction of the thief or thie
Apply to the

olice at Southampton.—

65.
LEFT in a Hansom CAB, on Wednesday afternoon
last, the 2d August, TWENTY-THREE DEBENTURE BONDS
in the DUTCH TRAMWAY COMPANY, Nos. 7 to 29. Whoever
will bring the same to M   I.
France, 20, Bridge-wharf, Padding¬
ton, shall be liberally REWARDED. The bonds have been cancelled
by the Company, and are useless.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, near the
Regent's-park, July 15th, a fine SCOTCH DEERHOUND, of
light brown or sandy colour and shaggy, with white points. Whoever
will bring the same to Mr. Fielder, post-office, Shepherd's-bush, shall
receive the above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. —LEFT in a CAB,
at a quarter to 12, on Sunday night last (taken from rank at
Aberdeen-place, Maida-hill, and set down at 5, Westbourne-grove,
Bayswater), a BLACK SILK JACKET. The above reward will be
paid upon its return to Westbourne-grove.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—Supposed to have
bee LEFT on the platform of the Euston-square Station, by a
ta e avelling to
on by the 10.10 a.m. train, on Tuesday, the
18th ult., a RED and ORAB TRAVELLING BAG, containing female
wearing apparel. The above reward will be given to any one returning
the same to Thomas and Co., 21, Great Marylebone-street, W.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at the Gros¬
venor-road, Pimlico, near the Military Stores, on the 1st inst.,

in 3 and 4 in the afternoon, during the boat race, a GOLD, open¬
face WATCH. Maker's name Scherer, No. 1,894. Whoever will bring
the same to Mr. Martin, watchmaker, No. 225, Regent-street, shall re¬
ceive the above reward
OPERA GLASS LEFT in a CAB on Saturday
evening. A REWARD of TEN SHILLINGS will be given on
its delivery to the owner, at 72, Cannon-street west, E.C.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in Hackney, on
the3d inst., a BLACK DEERHOUND with white mark on
chest; had on brass collar with name and address scratched on it. On
bringing the dog to 75, Bishopsgate-street without, the reward will be

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on 24th, in
Harrow-road, a BLACK TERRIER BITCH. Long ears, sear
on middle of tail, one front claw off, one front tooth out; brass collar
on, with address, at Richmond-road, Hackney. Whoever will bring the
same to 16, St. Mary's-square, Paddington-green, ghall receive the above
reward.
DOG LOST, fro¬
12, Bryanston-sd
are, on the
11th ult.; answers to th
ame of "Donny;" cross bet
pood
tn a
and Maltese, with long legs, long hairs to tail,
or e e


ill bring the same
to the above address shall receive TWO POUNDS. No further reward
will be offered.
—
OROPPED, in the neighbourhood of Davies-street,
Berkeley-square, on Tuesday, the 25th, a BLACK BAG, with
ketbook and papers, only valuable to the owner. ONE POUND
REWARD will be given if taken to Mr. Field, 65, Regent's-quadrant.
STOLEN, at the London-bridge Railway Station, on
the evening of the 17th July, a BILL for £35, drawn on the
L.J.S.T. Company (Limited), and endorsed by John Field, merchant,
of St. Petersburg. Payment is stopped.
DETAINED, a GOLD BRAMAH KEY, mounted
as a seal; stated to have been found in Grosvenor-place. Ap¬
plication to James Tagus Shout, bullion-office, Albert-gate, Knghts¬
bridge.—Aug. 2, 1865.
BURSE FOUND, on Wednesday, the 26th ult., at
the King's Arms Hotel, High-street, Kensington. The owner
may obtain it upon giving a correct description of the contents and

N.B. This is the second time of advertis
ng.
NOTICE.—To Mr. A. WATERS, who resided at
100, Manor-street, Clapham. He is requested to MOVE his
THINGS away by the 11th of August; if not they will be SOLD to
pay expenses.—August 1, 1865.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of
£5,724 16s. 7d. Consolidated 3 pe  oe e.

tae e, heretofore stand¬
ing
t e e o f Lient. Co.
RUOER CHA
ESPUN PE.
EGERTON,
of the Rifie Brigade, and which dividend was paid ever to the Com¬
mis
ers for the Reduction of the National Debt in consequence of
its having remained
nhelalmed since t
5th July, 1855; Notice is
hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Dividend will be paid to Dame Rebecca Grey Egerton, widow,
the administratrix, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
PROPOSED DESECRATION of KENSINGTON
CHURCHYARD.—All Parishioners of Kensington and others
interested, who are willing to aid in saving the parish from a repetition
of the disgrace, unhappill
erpetrated in 1851, e e¬
mprovemen
involving the DESECRATION of the CHURCHYARD and violation
of the repose of the dead, are invited to forward their names and ad¬
dresses to either of the following parishioners: Admiral Deacon,
No. 12, Leonard-place; Charles Ellis, Esq., 43, Kensington-square;
John William Hawkins, Esq., 8, Vicarage-gardens; William Birch,
Esq.,8, Bolton-gardens; Windham Payne, Esq., 32, Kensington-square;
Henry Trelawny Boodle, Esq., 4, Palace-gardens-terrace.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—The RED ROSE.—No. 2800. — Whereas a cause has been
instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of England, on behalf of
Richard Spratly, of Saint Paul's-road, Rock Ferry, in our county of
Chester, master mariner, the master of the ship or vessel Red Rose,
againstt

ckle, apparel, and furnit a
the
ti et e et

the cargo now or lately laden
therein; and whereas the said vessel
ts now lying in the a¬

or Docks, Blackwall, under arrest, by virtue of a warrant
issued.
bhe e Registry of the said Con¬
and
appearance for the
owners ther.
for others interested therein ha s e e,
te i san
Th
causs
te o i e e e et
to all persons who have or clai

any RIGHT, title, or interest in the said VESS.
that, if an appear¬
ance in the sa e¬
oe t e n th
teis t r y o t

within six day

tion of this notice, the Judge of the


to be sold to answer the claims in¬
stituted o o.
einstit.

mame, or make such order in the
premises as to

right. —Dated the 2d day of August, 1865.
(Seal)H.A.,
THURST, Assistant-Reg.
Notice of Sale of Ship taken out by C. Waddilove, No. 6, Godliman¬
street, Do.
-commons, London.
Lt E C U
ICIL CHAMBER,
Whitel
 the
24th day of July, 1865, by the Lords of Her Majesty's Most
Honourable Privy o.

Present—Lord President, Sir GEORGE IGREY, Bart., Mr. ML.
ER

W.
Tei   aact
te e es
ssion of the 11t e.
tet n
Her present his
o .
to e e
t to pr v t uintil the 1st
day of Septer.
er, 1850, and to the en e
the the
t Session of Parlia-¬

the spreading of contagious or infectious disorder.
nong
cep,
catle, and othe

te e m time

continued by divers subse.

bo on nt t e s en ac ted 
that
shall be lawful
the Lords and others of Her Majesty's Privy
Council, or any two o
fore of them, from time to time to make such
orders and een
ions as to them may seem necessary for the
pos
of prohibiting or regulating the e.
waev t o o ue
arts on
aces
t  m  inene

order or orders, of sheep, cattl

swine o 

No o  eat, skins, hides, horns,
ois, or other
part of any animal
or of hay, straw, fodder, or other
ticlest

ropagate infec
 an als
oe t piurpeod
o r
po e
stable, outho e s e.
toer n wen,
ons, carts, carriages, or other
vehicles; and also for the purpose of directing how any animals dying
in a diseased state, or any animals, parts of animals, or other things
seized under the provisions of this Act are to be disposed o.; and also
for the purpose of cansing notices to be given of the appearance of any
disorder among sheep, cattle, or other animals, and to make any other
orders or regulations for the
ppose of giving effect to the provisions of
the said Act, and again to revoke, alter, or vary any such orders or ro¬
gulations; and that all provisions for any of the purposes aforesaid iin
any such order or orders contained shall have the like force and effect
as if the same had been inserted in the said Act; and that all persons
offending against the said Act shall for each and every offence forfeit
and pay any sum not exceeding £20, or such smaller sum as the said
Lords or others of Her Majesty's Privy Council may in any such case
by such order direct.
And whereas a contagious or infectious disorder, of which the nature
is at present uncertain, has lately appeared, and n
prevals among
cattle within the metropolis
o oe e n e n eign on

eof, and it
is expedient to take measures for preventing such disorder from
spreading
Now, therefore, the Lords of Her Majesty's Privy Council do hereby,

cise of the powers given by the said rec
Act,
and by the several Acts continuing the same as aforesaid, order as

1. If at the date of the publication of this order in the London Gazette
there shall be any cow, hesfer, bull, bullock, or ox labouring under any
contagious or infectious disorder in the possession or custody of any
cowkeeper, dairyman, or dairywoman, or of any milkman, or milk¬
woman, or vendor or purveyor of milk, or of any dealer in cattle what¬
soever within the city of London or within the limits of the metro¬
politan police district, or if at any time hereafter, while this pre¬
sent order shall continue in force and unrevoked, any cow, heifer,
bull, bullock, or ox, being in the possession or custody of any
such person as aforesaid within the said city of London or within the
metropolitan police district, shall be seized or attacked with, or be found
labouring orsuffering under any such contagious or infectious disorder
notice of the existence of such disorder, or of the first appearance of
such disorder in or among the cattle belonging to or in the custody of
any such person as aforesaid, shall immediately thereupon be given
by the person in whose possession or custody such diseased animals or
animal shall be, to the Clerk of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy
Council in waiting at the office of Her Majesty's Privy Council at
Whitehall, in the county of Middlesex; and it shall be lawful for the
said Clerk of Her Majesty's Privy Council, and for all such persons as he
shall by writing under his hand authorize in that behalf, thereupon,
and at all reasonable times thereafter, to inspect and examine all or any
such diseased animals or animal, and to report to the Lords of Her
Majesty's Privy Council all such information and particulars as to
the nature or character of such disorder as may seem to him expedient
for the purpose of enabling proper regulations to be made for prevent¬
ing or checking the further propagation and increase of such disorder.
2. Every person offending against this order, and omitting to give
such notice or to permit such inspection and examination as aforesaid
shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not exceeding £20, which
the e au e.
before whom he or she shall be convicted of such of
ne
may think it to imp

EDMUND HARRI

Ho
OLAT MENIEE
MENIER's FRENC
CHOCOLATE.—Notice is hereby gi
te e e
broceedings
will be taken under the Merche


62, 25 and 26 Vic.
cap. 88, agains
tn  person or persons fraudu e a ing
se o th e
tr.
tae ark, or the signature, Menier, on
taeie al or cover, togethe
o e,
apper, form of cakes, &c., arrangement of label,
or of
rwise, with the intention of deceiving the public by
cau¬

ees
oarticles
oe e e in

blat Menier. F. TRUEFITT, Solicitor, 4, Essex-co.
Temple,
London.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—
RUNR Y.
and SON,
N
tin.
akers to
Ner Majest y e
 REMOVED from Albert-¬
gate to 9 eren.

ebvridge.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—ASHBY and Co., bank¬
ravers and printers, have REMOVED from 79, King
William -street, to No. 32, St. Swithin's-lane, Lombard-street, E.C..
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—CLARK and Co., late
of Gate-street, sole patentees of self-colling revolving shutters,
beg to announce they have completed their extensive works at Rath¬
bone-place, Oxford-street, W., where in future the business will be
carried on, and all communications are requested to be sent.
