MELIA has not obtained a situation, and has not
A.
left Birmingham.
MA. M.—Make your whereabout known to your

distressed mother.
SIGNOR PELICANO-STETANAU.—Telegram not
understood. Have written to 24 WRITE. Safe.—STETANAU.
Second advertisement.
RECEIVED 250,00 (pence).—Rev. E. COKE, St.
James's, Bethnal-green returns thanks for this sum, which pays
for the site. SUBSCRIPTIONS (large or small) for building will be
thankfully received. Treasurer's receipt—"Dear Sir.—I beg to acknow¬
ledge the receipt of £1,041 13s. 4d., amount of your collection, 250,000
pence. (Signed) P. Cazenove, Treasurer, Jan. 19, 1865.
LOST a valuable DIAMOND LOCKET, by a lady,
coming out of Covent-garden Theatre, after the pantomime on
Thursday, the 19th inst. Whoever will bring it back to No. 31,
Victoria-street, Westminster, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, a SMALL POCKET-BOOK, in a pasteboard
cover and Indiarubber band. No money, only private mem.
Any one sending the same to Mr. Griffin, news agent, 5, Crawford¬
street, Portman-square, shall receive a suitable REWARD.
LOST, a BROWN SABLE MUFF, in London,
between 7th and 12th inst. Might have been left in a cab, rail¬
way carriage, theatre, shop, or omnibus. A suitable REWARD will be

A. Z., Lansdowne-house, Lansdowne-road, Hackney.
LOST, about 1 p.m. on the 18th inst., near the
Royal Oak, a long-haired, medium-sized RUSSIAN TERRIER,
colour grayish-whitish; answers to the name of "Pooyel." Owner's
name and address on his collar The finder shall receive ONE
SOVEREIGN REWARD by bringing him to 12, Westbourne-park.
LOST, at the Lowther Arcade, on Tuesday, the 10th,
a small BLACK and TAN TERRIER BITCH, ears cropped,
thick tail, and a little white on her chest answers to the name of
isy. If brought to Mr. Tessier's, 26, New Bond-street, ONE
POUND will be given. No further reward will be offered.
LOST, from half-past 10 to half-past 11 o'clock on
Thursday morning, between Brompton and Waterloo-bridge, a
GOLD WATCH, single consular case, with gold dial and raised
figures. Whoever will bring it to 7, Lisle-street, Leicester-square,
shall receive a liberal REWARD, it being a relic.
LOST (ONE POUND REWARD) on Tuesday, the
10th inst., a SMALL SILVER SNUFF-BOX, engraved in imi¬
tation of basket-work. Supposed to have been dropped in a railway
carriage proceeding to Shepperton, or on the platform of the Twicken¬
ham Station. The above reward will be paid for the recovery of the
same by application to Mr. Court, stationmaster, Twickenham.
LEFT, in a Hansom CAB, last Tuesday evening, the
17th inst., about half-past 6 o'clock, an ALBUM, bound in red,
with gilt clasps, and containing photographic portraits. Whoever will
give information of the same, or will bring it to 40, Upper Baéer-street,
Regent's-park, shall be liberally REWARDED.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—To Cabmen and
others.—LOST, between Fresh-wharf and the Queen's Hotel,
Martin's-le-Grand, on Sunday night last, the 15th inst., a BROWN
LEATHER PORTMANTEAU, containing wearing apparel, &c.
Apply at 5, Wellington-road, Old Charlton.
HORWOOD (HENRIETTA SARAH), deceased,
widow of Thomas Richard Horwood, late of Canonbury-villas
Islington, in the county of Middlesex.—All persons claiming as NEXT
of KIN of the above named HENRIETTA SARAH HORWOOD
are required to forward a statement of their claims in writing, with
the necessary proofs, to Messrs. Jas. Taylor, Mason, and Taylor, soli¬
citors, 15, Furnival's-inn, London, on or before the 1st day of April
next
TURIN and SAVONA RAILWAY COMPANY.—
SHAREHOLDERS who wish to inquire into the reason why,
with a State Subvention or free gift of £400,000 and the promise of 6
per cent. during construction, their property is so enormously depre¬
ciated are requested to COMMUNICATE with Messrs. KIMBER
and ELLIS, solicitors for a committee which is being formed for the
purpose of inquiry into certain (circumstances affecting the matter.—
Gresham-house, E.C., and 1, Lancaster-place, Strand, W.C.
LONDON, CHATHAM, and DOVER RAILWAY.
—Notice is hereby given, that all ARTICLES LEFT in the car¬
riages or on the premises of this Company, up to the 30th June, 1864,
and all Parcels refused by consignees, or which it has not been possible
to deliver in consequence of imperfect address, up to the 30th June,
1864, will be SOLD by public AUCTION in the course of the ensuing
month, unless claimed on or before the 31st inst.
Victoria Station, Jan., 1865. J. S. FORBES, General Manager.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—The GENERAL GARIBALDI, S. Fannelli, Master.—
No. 2.509. — Whereas a cause of damage has been instituted in the
High Court of Admiralty of England, on behalf of the owners of the
ship or vessel British Monarch against the brig or vessel General
Garibaldi, hertackle, apparel, and furniture, and the freight due for
the transportation of the cargo now or lately laden therein, and
whereas the said vessel and cargo are now lying at Great Yarmouth,
in the county of Norfolk, under arrest, by virtue of a warrant issued
from the Registry of the said Court (the said cargo being under such
arrest in respect of the said freight), and no appearance has been
entered in the said cause; This is to give notice to all persons who
have or claim to have any RIGHT Title, or Interest in the said
vessel General Garibaldi, or in the said cargo, that, if an appearance
in the said cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court
within six days from the publication of this notice, the Judge of the
said Court will order the said vessel General Garibaldi and the said
cargo to be sold to answer the claims instituted or to be instituted
against the same, or make such order in the premises as to him shall
seem right. —Dated the 19th day of January, 1865.
H. A. BATHURST, Assistant Registrar.
Notice of sale of ship and cargo taken out by H. G. Stokes, 2, Great
Knightrider-street, Doctors'-commons.
TO COAL OWNERS, Masters of Coal Vessels,
Clerks and Agents of Collieries, and to all others whom it may con¬
cern.—The Local Board of Health for the District of Kingston-upon¬
Hull hereby give notice, that from and after Monday, the 1st day of
May next, the provisions of the "Kingston-upon-Hull Improvement
Act, 1854," now applicable in that behalf, for the purpose of punishing
and preventing FRAUDS and IMPOSITIONS with respect to COAL,
and also the provisions of the "Local Government Supplemental Act,
1863," for the like purpose, will be enforced by the said Local Board in
all places within their district, with respect to all coal brought to, sent
from, or passing through such district. And the said Local Board
hereby give further notice, that from and after such said 1st day of
May next, the clerk or agent of the colliery from whence any coal
brought into or through the said district of the said Local Board is
obtained is required, under the provisions of the said "Local Govern¬
ment Supplemental Act. 1863," to send a duplicate of the original pit¬
note delivered to the owner of such coal or the master of the vessel car¬
rying it, denoting the quantity and quality thereof, by the post next
after the delivery of such original pit note to the said owner or master
as aforesaid, to the Coal Inspector for the time being of the said Local
Board, at his office in the Sculcoates-hall, in Kingston-upon-Hull afore¬
said, there to be registered, filed, and kept by him; and any such clerk
or agent omitting to comply with the foregoing requirement will subject
himself to the penalties in such said "Local Government Supple¬
mental Act, 1863," mentioned.
By order of the Local Board of Health for Kingston-upon-Hull,
Hull, 5th January, 1865.
C. S. TODD, Clerk to the Board.
TO WOOLDEALERS, Fellmongers, Tanners, and
Glue Boilers.—I, WILLIAM MEREDITH, of New-street, Dock¬
head, St. John's, Horsleydown, intend to give up business on the last
day of this month (January 31, 1865), and wish my debtors to PAY UP
all ACCOUNTS due to me, on or before the 1st of March next,
1865. My creditors will be paid on or before February 10, 1865, at my
dwelling-house, 18, Crimscot-street, Grange-road, Bermondsey.
MARTIN MAYLARD, 95 and 96, High-street,
Borough, in RETIRING from BUSINESS, begs to return his
sincere thanks to his numerous friends and customers for their long¬
contined favours, and to inform them that he has transferred his stock
and business to Capper, Son, and Co., of Gracechurch-street, to whom
he begs that all debts due to him may be paid.
We beg to notify that Mr. Maylard's stock has been removed to our
premises, and is now on sale, at a great reduction from the original cost,
together with our usual new year's clearance of last season's goods
—silk and other dresses, French shawls, flannels, table linen and sheet¬
ings, lace shawls and cambric handkerchiefs, muslin works of all
kinds, hosiery and gloves.—Capper, Son, and Co., Iinendrapers by ap¬
pointment to the Queen and to the Prince of Wales, 69 and 70, Grace¬
church-street, and 169 and 170, Fenchurch-Street.
MESSRS. LAMBORN COCK, HUTCHINGS,
and Co. beg to inform their friends, the public, and the music
trade generally, that, in consequence of the DISSOLUTION of their
PARTNERSHIP, as music publishers, &c., the business will be
carried on in future by Lamborn Cock, at 63, New Bond-street, under
the style of Lamborn Cock and Co. (late Leader and Cock); and by
Hutchings and Co., at 9, Conduit-street, Regent-street, W., under the
style of Hutchings and Romer (late Leader and Cock).
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17 Wharf-road, City-road, viz.:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
NOTICE.—JOHN BROGDEN continues to carry
on the business at 16, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden, his late
partner having relinquished his share and interest in the said business
and the goodwill thereof.
REMOVAL.—D. J. MLAUCHLAN and SON,
Carvers and Gilders, Looking-glass and Picture Frame Manufac¬
turers, formerly of Printing-house-square, have REMOVED from their
temporary premises, 34, New Bridge-street, E.C., to 55, Berners-st., W.
NOTICE.—Mr. WATHERSTON (late of Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden, goldsmith), begs respectfully to inform
the nobility and gentry that his late partnership having been disseived,
he now carries on the same system of business at 12, Pall-mall east,
adjoining the National Gallery, under the firm of Watherston and Son.
NOTICE of REMOVAL (CIGAR FLOOR), from
63. Cornhill, to 35, Gresham-street, E.C.—WHITMORE and
BAYLEY.
GREAT NORTHERN CEMETERY and
FUNERAL COMPANY.—The Company undertake funerals of
all classes, to their own or any other cemetery, at fixed charges.
Working man's funeral complete, £1 14s., usually charged £3 10s.
Other funerals from £2 15s. to £16 16s. and upwards.
Mortuary at the Company's private railway station, York-road,
King's-cross, for deposit of bodies, free of charge.
Books of prices and further particulars may be had of any of the
Company's agents, and at the offices, 122, High Holborn, W.C.
ANTILL and COMPANY are the cheapest and best
FUNERAL FURNISHERS. Chief office, 71, Euston-road,
N.W. Just published, a complete Funeral Guide, post free for one
COX and SON's CATALOGUE of MONUMENTS,
tomb-rails, headstones, memorial brasses, &c., designed by eminent
architects, with prices, sent for six stamps. The modern progress of
ecelesiology has sed to a general condemnation of the barbarous taste
which formerly prevailed in this respect, and to a desire for the adoption
of more correct forms. The present catalogue is a contribution to¬
wards this desideratum, and as the designs here illustrated are exe¬
cuted at Messrs. Cox and Son's own workshops, they can combine
economy of production with excellency of workmanship and materials.
—Cox and Son, ecclesiastical warehouse and show rooms, Nos. 28 and 29,
Southampton-street, Strand; manufactory, Belvedere-road, Lambeth.
LONUMENTAL SCULPTURE.—The Carrara
Marble Works. Established 1820.—MONUMENTS, Tablets,
Tombs, Memorial Crosses, and Headstones for cemeteries, &c., executed
in a superior style, at moderate charges. Export orders.—T. GAFFIN,
No. 63, Quadrant, Regent-street, W. Manufactory, Westminster, S.W.
MONUMENTAL STUDIO and SHOW ROOMS,
opposite the Marble Arch.—MONUMENTS, Tablets, Tombs,
&c., EXECUTED in the best manner, at moderate charges. Designs
and estimates post-free on application to J. CURRIE, sculptor, 240, Ox¬
ford-street, W. Export orders.
FOR FAMILY ARMS.—Important to Everyone.—
Just completed, a valuable INDEX, containing the arms, crests,
and mottoes of nearly every family in England, Ireland, and Scotland,
the result of 30 years' labour. Send name and county. Plain sketch,
3s. 6d.; in colours, 6s. Arms quartered and impaled. Pedigrees traced
and wills searched. Also crests engraved on seals or rings, 7s. 6d.; on
steel die 6s. Book plate with arms, 15s. The Manual of Heraldry, 400
engravings 3s. 6d. post free.—By T. CULLETON, engraver to the
Queen and H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, 25, Cranbourn-street, corner
fo St. Martin's-lane.
JEMORIAL WINDOWS for CHURCHES.—
HEATON, BUTLER, and BAYNE's NEW CATALOGUE,
containing 18 pages of Illustrations, including completed Windows of
the highest character, also church decoratious and memorial brasses,
now publishing; 3s. 6d., post free.—Heaton, Butler, and, Bayne, New
King-street, Covent-garden, W.C.
MONOGRAMS, Arms, and Crests of Dukes, Mar¬
quises, and Earls.—MONOGRAM DIES artistically DESIGNED.
A pencil sketch of initials or full Christian name in monogram, 1s. 6d.
—KERBY and SON, 190, Oxford-street, by appointment to His Royal
Highness the Prince of Wales.
MONOGRAM DIES.—No char
tiefor engraving
are.
crest and motto, monogram or address (as charged for by
her houses) if an order be given for a
m  e 
taoe p p p e itit
500
elopes to match, at 21s., all stamped free. Dies, with the crest
and motto of the ships of th e n

s

kept ready. Crest on seals or rings 7s. 6d.—T. CUL

ETO en.
to the army and navy, 25, Cranbo.
nst.


RODRIGUES' MONOGRAMS and HERALDIC
DEVICES, designed and engraved as gems of art; steel dies en¬
graved note paper and envelopes stamped in colour relief, and illu¬
minated in the most elegant style; arms, crests, or monograms
engraved on seals or rings.—At Henry Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly, W.
NONSIEUR ADOLPHE DIDIER, Professor of
Medical Mesmerism and Galvanism, has the honour of ac¬
quainting his friends, the nobility, and the public, that he ATTENDS
PATIENTS, either at their residences in the morning, or daily, from 2
till 5, at 15, Russell-place, Fitzroy-square,
