TO W. H. T.—W. B. is quite well.
DAMS.—No arrival. Doing well. A letter would

ee¬
INNIE wants to COMMUNICATE with George.
Reply, forthwith, to 123
ROYAL LONDON OPHTHALMIC HOSPITAL,
Moorfields, E.C.—The Committee of Management beg grate
ly to ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEPT of £50 as "A Gift from
M. H. Hoggart," to the General Fund of the Hospital.
J. MOGFORD, Secretary.
MR. HARRY FIELD, who formerly resided at
No. 51, Cumberland-street, Pimlico, is requested, by a gent
man for whom he has transacted business, to FORWARD his AD¬
DRESS to A. B. C., 7, Lisle-street, Leicester-square.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—To Ministers and
Parish Clerks and others.—The BAPTISM REGISTER of JANE
FOLKES HULME, in or about 1738, daughter of John Hulme, of
Stockport, Manchester Upon the Register being sent to Mr. Henry
Clark, 3, Kimpton-road, Camberwell-park, S.E., the above reward will be
SCOTCH GENTLEMAN MISSING. —Mr. JAMES
ANDERSON Inverness-shire, in Scotland, was last heard of in
Edinburgh, about ten months ago. He is supposed to have gone to
London, New York, or Montreal. He wants the left arm from the
shoulder wears a dark wig, and has a halt. Height about 5ft. 8in.;
age 57. INFORMATION leading to his address will be thankfully re
eived, and a suitable REWARD allowed. Apply to James Somerville,
solicitor, Edinburgh.
LOST, between Trafalgar Hotel, Greenwich, and the

band of turquoises across, and fringe of gold. ONE POUND
REWARD will be given if taken to Bolton's library, Knightsbridge.
LOST, a BUNCH of small KEYS, on a patent steel
Seeeeressass
take them to the porter, Army and Navy Club, shall receive TEN
SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, on Wednesday, the 22d, between 12, Curzon¬
street and Ashtead Station, from Waterloo Station, a GOLD
SNAKE BRACELET, in case, amethyst eyes, guard chain. Inscrip¬
tion inside, "To the Memory of Lady Brougham and 
no¬
ever will take the sarse to 12, Curzon-street, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, at the Srlptish Camp, Wimbledon, on 27th
inst., an old-fasSioned GOLD-WATCH, open face, gold hands,
maker's address (Ludgsts-hill) and name engraved inside. A hair
chain attached. Whoever will take the same to Messrs. Johnston,
Bernhard, and Roos, 117, Leadenhall-Street, shall receive FOUR
POUNDS REWARD.
ABUNCH of KEYS LOST, on Monday, the 27th, in
the neighbourhood of the Queen's-road, Porchester-terrace and
Leinster-terrace, Bayswater. Whoever will take the sam
Elfick, stationer, Leinster-terrace, shall receive FIVE SHILLINGS
REWARD.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—A passenger by the
Moselle, from Margate to Thames Haven, on Monday, the 20th,
TOOK, by MISTAKE, a BAG, containing wearing apparel, principally
female, some marked "L.E.P. "and a prayer book, with ivory cover,
&c., leaving his own bag containing Iinen marked "Beale," and a suit
of light clothes for a buiky man. He is requested to COMMUNICATE
immediately with J. S., 4, Crowhurst-road, Loughborough-road, Brix¬
ton, S. The reward will be given for information leading to the
recovery of advertisers propert.
CHATEAU d'YQUEM.—The STEWARDSHIP of
this demesne, having been withdrawn from Mr. Brussaut,
just been confided by Mr. le Marquis de Lur Saluces to Mr. MICHEL
GARROS, residing au Chatean de Coftet, at Barsac (Gironde, France).
EDICT.—Von dem K. K. oester. Consulargerichte
in Galatz wird hemit kundgemacht, dass in folge der von
P. MARASSI and JOHN GETREIDEHANDLER, in Galatz, ulber¬
reichten Zahlungseinstellungs-Anzeige und in folge des von ihm
gestellten Begehrens in die Einleitung der Vergleichsverhand¬
lung uber das simmtliche im Osmanischen Reiche sich befindliche dem
Schuldner gehbrige Vermogen gewilligt, und dass zur Leitung der
Vergleichsverhandlung Herr Josef Jacobi, als Gerichts Commissair
erannt worden ist.
Die Vorladung zur Ausgleichsverhandlung und zur Anmeldung der
Forderungen wird durch den in dem vorstehenden Edicte benannten
Gerichts-Commissair kundgemacht werden.
Galatz, 14 Juli, 1858. Vom k. k. cester. Consulate als Gericht.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all persons having an interest in
the personal estate of ANN HOWARD, late of No. 4, Albion-terrace,
Albion-street, Rotherhithe, Surrey, widow, deceased.—Take notice
that a CITATION, dated the 10th July, 1863, has issued under seal of
Her Majesty's Court of Probate, at the instance of Ann Booth (wife of
Charles Booth), a legatee named in the will of the said Ann Howard,
deceased, whereby you are cited, within 30 days after service thereof,
to cause an appearance to be entered for you in the Principal Registry
of the said Court, and accept or refuse letters of administration (with
the will annexed) of the personal estate of the deceased, or show caooe
why the same should not be granted to the said Mrs. Ann Booth, with
an intimation that in default of your so doing such letters of adminis¬
tration with the will annexed will be granted to Mrs. Ann Booth.
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
Cyrus Waddilove, Proctor, 6, Godliman-Street, Doctors'-commons.
DUR attention having been called to a paragraph
in a pamphlet, entitled "The Persecutions of a Solicitor," which
was printed by us, and which paragraph is alleged to affect the pro¬
fessional conduct of Mr. JOHN KELLY COURTENAY, reporter
and shorthand writer (in the pamphlet called John Courtenay), we
are desirous of intimating that the work was handed to our foreman
to be printed in the ordinary course of business by Mr. Elworthy, a
solicitor, for whom we had previously done law printing, and that it
was set up in a great hurry, and delivered without either ourselves or
our foreman being aware of the contents; and immediately our atten¬
tion was called to the nature of the pamphlet we took steps to stop
the circulation of it, and obtained from Mr. Elworthy the remaining
copies, for the purpose of their being destroyed.
Although we are unable to discover in the pamphlet anything re¬
fecting injuriously or unjustly on Mr. Courtenay's profesional cha¬
racter, or otherwise, nevertheless, as he is of opinion that it is likely
to have that effect, we hereby utterly disclaim any such intention or
desire, and declare that we have no knowledge of the truth of the con¬
tents ;of the pamphlet, or of anything prejudicially affecting Mr.
Courtenay in connexion therewith, and we hereby offer him our
APOLOGY at being the innocent cause of any loss or pain we may
have occasioned him by the printing of the pamphlet in question.
WYMAN and SONS, Lincoln's-inn Steam Printing Works,
Great Queen-Street, W. C., July 28, 1868.
NOTICE. —Change of Namecel. JAMES.SWAL
SON COWPER (in the will hereinafter mentioned called JAffitk
Swalnson Cooper), late of Sandside, near Ulverstone, but now of Yew¬
field, Hawkshead, both in the county of Lancaster, Esquire, hereby
give notice that, in pursuance of and in compliance with a clause con¬
tained in the last will and testament of my late brother-in-law, John
Hezekiah Essex, formerly of Acton, but late of Berners-street, Oxford¬
street, both in the county of Middlesex, Esquire, deceased, I have
ASSUMED and TAKEN, and intend henceforth to use, assume, and
take the SURNAME of ESSEX in addition to and after my former or
present surname of Cowper, and by the said surname of Essex hence¬
forth for ever hereafter to continue to name, style, and write and sub¬
scribe myself in all deeds, instruments, and writings. —Dated this 16th
day of July, 1868.
J. SWAINSON COWPER.
Witness—Wm. Hopes Heelis, solicitor, Hawkshead.
CHARITY COMMISSION.—In the Matter of the
Charity called WILLIAM BERMAN's TRUST, for the Benefit
of Poor Ministers and for other charitable purposes.—By direction of
the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, notice is
hereby given, that an ORDER is proposed to be made by them after
the expiration of one calender month, to be compnted from the pub¬
lication of this notice, having the following objects, namely:—
The discharge of Edward Thompson, gentleman, at his desire, from
being a Trustee of the Charity.
The appointment of a new Trustee of the Charity to act in conjunc¬
tion with George Field and Thomas Field Gibson, Esquires, the con¬
tinuing Trustees thereof.
To vest the real estate of the Charity in the Official Trustee of
Charity lands.
And that it is proposed, subject to any objections or suggestions
which may be received by the Commissioners, to appoint Frederick
Halsey Janson, of Finsbury-circus, gentleman, as the new Trustee of
the Charity.
Any objections to the proposed order, or suggestions for the modifi¬
cation thereof, may be transmitted to the said Board, in writing, ad¬
dressed to their Secretary, No. 8, York-street, St. James's-square, Lon¬
don, within 21 days next after the publication of this notice.
HENRY M. VANE, Secretary.
Dated this 21st day of July 1868.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUDICATURE at BOM¬
BAY.—Ordinary Original Civil Jurisdiction.—In the matter of the
Indian Companies Act, and in the matter of the Western Insurance
Company in Liquidation.—Upon hearing Messrs. Acland. Prentis, and
Bishop, attorneys for Atherton Edward Ashley, the Liquidator of the
Western Insurance Company, and upon reading the affidavit of the
said Atherton Edward Ashley, sworn in this matter on the 20th day of
June instant, and annexed hereto. I do order and direct that all per¬
sons having CLAIMS upon the said WESTERN INSURANCE COM¬
PANY do send in statements of such claims, in writing, to the said
Liquidator, at the office of the London, Asiatic, and American Com¬
pany, Limited (being the registered office of the said Western In¬
surance Company in Sombay), in Elphinstone Circle, in Bombay, within
the Fort, on or before the 1st day of October next; after which time
the said Liquidator shall be at liberty to adjust and satisfy the claims
then sent in, and further that after all such claims so sent in shall
have beenso adjusted and satisfied the said Liquidator shall be at
liberty to distribute the surplus assets (if any) of the Western In¬
surance Company among the shareholders thereof; and I do further
order that this my order shall be advertised in London in the London
Gazette and in The Times newspaper, and shall also be advertised in
the Bombay Government Gazette and in two English and two native
newspapers in Bombay, and in one public newspaper at each of the
following places—viz.: Singapore, Hongkong, Calcutta, Madras,
Rangoon, and Maulmein. —Dated this 22d day of June, 1868
(Signed)
JOSEPH ARNOLD.
(Signed) ACLAND, PRENTIS, and BISHOE
torneys
for the Liquidator of the Western Insurance
Company
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Queen
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONLY
ADDRESS is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—The CISTERN and other FILTERS,
officially adopted by Government for the Abyssinian army, the
iron-plated ships, baracks, military stores, &c., and so highly spoken
of by Dr. Frankland during the late visitation of cholera (See The
Times, Oct. 24th, 1866), can only be obtained at ATKINS', 62. Fleet-st.
CAUTION.—HOWARD and SONS' PATENT
PARQUET FLOORING, No. 1,548, is entirely made by steam
machinery, at the Cleveland Works, and unlike foreign work, is
guaranteed to stand.—All persons are CAUTIONED against imita¬
tions and infringing this patent. — Howard and Sons, 26 and 27, Berners¬
street, Oxford-street, W.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS.
opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacies of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S, have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of
obtaining the genuine tinted lenses should apply only direct to them,
at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, opposite Crawley's Hotel.
CAUTION.—Water Filtration.—To prevent mis¬
takes the public are informed that the latest patented filter in
general use is the DANCHELL PATENT CISTERN FILTER
(patent sealed Sept. 29, 1863), which has superseded all others (vide Pro¬
fessor Frankland's reports to the Registrar-General, July, 1866, and Nov.,
1867), insuring as it does a constant supply of the purest water without
filling or any attention whatever. Can be rented if preferred in London,
and can only be had in London of the LONDON and GENERAL
WATER PURIFYING COMPANY, 157, Strand, four doors from
merset-hou

CAUTION.—Ice Safes.—ASH's FILTERING
REFRIGERATORS.—Whereas, other ice safes are advertised as
fitted with filters, and such safes do not filter the pure water from the
block ice used for cooling, but allow it to run to waste as heretofore,
the Piston Freezing Machine and Ice Company find it necessary to cau¬
tion the public against imitations of this scientific invention, and beg
publicly to announce that in Ash's Patent Filtering Refrigerator alone
can the block ice be kept free from taint, and the pure water passed
into a stone filter, icc cold, and delicious for drinking. Ash's Filter¬
ing Refrigerator alse effects a combination of advantages not to be
found in any other ice safe. Notice is hereby given, that an injuuction
in Chancery will be obtained for any infringement of the patent
rights by the present sole proprietors, the PISTON FREEZING
MACHINE and ICE COMPANY, 315c, Oxford-street, Londo
MISREPRESENTATION.—The TEN GUINEA
SUITES, in 18 carat gold, machine made, as advertised, are only
to be procured at 37, Conduit-street, Bond-street. Mr. STREETER
finds it necessary to make this announcement, as sets of ornaments,
stated to be of his manufacture and of 18 carat gold, are now being
offered to the public, whereas they are in reality of a much inferior
quality. Purchasers, especially in the provinces, are therefore cau¬
tioned to have the quality of the gold stated on their invoice.—
HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co. (now Edwin W. Streeter), 37, Con¬
duit-street, five doors from Bond-street.
NOTICE.—To Photographic Artists, Printsellers,
blishers.
and
the AUTOTYPE PRINTING and

LISHING COMPANY (Limited) here
eive notice, that they are the
sole possesse
oe e e e e
aede o r. Swan for producing pho¬
tographs in carbon and other permanent pigments, and that appli¬
cations for licenses for th e,
proces,
for vending pic¬
tures prod e e.
the process, should be addressed to them, at their

te .
Naennnn
on.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—In consequence of nume¬
rous complaints made to Messrs. HOGARTH that persons are
assuming their name, and others representing that they are in con¬
nexion with them, they beg to state that two years since they entirely
removed their business from the Haymarket to 96, Mount-street,
Grosvenor-square, where alone it has been and continues to be

MESSRS. HOGARTH, Printsellers and Picture
Frame Makers, by special appointment to H.R.H. the Prince
 Wales, 96, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square, REMOVED from
No. 5, Haymarket. Pictures, prints, drawings, and miniatures cleaned
and restored.
NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs respectfully to inform her customers and ladies of the nobi¬
lity her establishment will in future be CLOSED at 5 o'clock on Satur¬
days.—92, Regent-street.
