G. G. (en voyage).—Keep away from Paris. I
expected this year to make, at least, my very modest expenses,
but 1 shall not get one-half. X.
THE BOYS' HOME, Regent's-park-road, N. W.—
The Master begs to ACKNOWLEDGE very thankfully a large
present of APPLES and PEARS, sent anonymously.
W. S.M., 19.—No tidings since your departure. Ill
ever since. Very little success. Forward kindly remittance for
Sept. 29th. Everything due. Write soon.—?

s—.
ZANZIBAR.—H. A. F., late J. N.—The Goat and
Kids are in Southampton. Inquire at P. and O. Expenses up
to date, £4 186. 9d.—C. G. R., 14th Sept., 1867
IF Mr. JAMES MAURICE, whe some years since
resided at Cannock, in Staffordshire, will APPLY to J. C. B.,
st ofice, Churton-street Pimlico, S.W., he will HEAR of SOME¬
THING to HIS ADVANTAGE.
NOTICE.—A Suecession having opened, in which
Miss ISABELLA PENTLAND, youngest daughter of the late
corge Pentland, Esq., Perth, has an interest, she is requested to
FORWARD her ADDRESS, without delay, to Meiville Jameson, soli¬
citor, Perth.
METROPOLITAN RAILWAY.—LOST, FIRST¬
CLASS YEARLY TICKET (Kensington and Moorgate¬
street), dated 31st March. TEN SHILLINGS REWARD, if delivered
within seven days from date to Geo. Heather, 106, Cheapside, E.C.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, FIVE £5
BANK of ENGLAND NOTES, within the Grand Stand Enclosure,
Doncaster, on Friday, the 13th inst., numbered respectively 13022,
17400, 65080, 70907, 99457, payment of which has been stopped. Whoever
has found the same and will return them to Mrs. Hill, poulterer,
Jermyn-street, St. James's, London, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday,
8t inst., a LIVER-COLOURED RUSSIAN RETRIEVER,
marked with a few gray hairs on back. Apply to W. Hill, Esq., Thorn¬
ton-house, Brondesbury.
TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, Sun¬
day afternoon, between the Bank and Bayswater, a GREEN
POCKET-BOOK, containing memoranda; valueless except to owner.
Apply at 257, Regent-street.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—To Cabmen.—
LOST, a GREEN MOROCCO CASE, with gilt lock, supposed
to have been left in a Hansom cab from the Craven Hotel to the Vic¬
toria Station on the night of Thursday last. The above reward will be
paid ontaking the case to the manager, Craven Hotel.
FOUND, last month, at Margate, a PORTEMON¬
NAIE, containing a bank note and other moneys. The owner
can have the same on giving a proper description and paying expenses.
pply to W. H., 1. Honduras-terrace, Commercial-road, London, E.
THE EXECUTRIX and EXECUTORS beg to in¬
form the friends and patrons of the late JAMES MACKAY, Mr.
of Catherine-street, Devonport, naval tailor, general outfitter, &c., that
the business will still be carried on under their supervision, on the
same principles as heretofore. They beg also to intimate that there is
no connexion whatever between this old establishment and any other
person or party using or referring to Mr. Mackay's name. — Devonport,
Sept. 3, 1867.
UNCLAIMED PROPERTY belonging to JAMES
and HENRY MORGAN.—Notice is hereby given, that JAMES
MORGAN and HENRY MORGAN (two brothers), if living, or their
representatives if dead, are respectively ENTITLED to a small
PROPERTY, the particulars of which can be ascertained on appli¬
cation to the address given below. Henry Morgan was many years
ago apprenticed to a bookseller in London.
It i s lieved that both or
one of the brothers were or was some 10 or 12 years since seamen or
a seaman on board one or more ships trading to and from the port of
London, and that at a later period James Morgan was in command of
a vessel trading from Hobart Town, in Van Diemen's Land, and was
afterwards at Sydney, in New South Wales. If they are now alive they
will be respectively of the ages of 44 and 46, or thereabouts. Apply to
Messrs. Meredith, Lucas, and Co., solicitors, 8, New-square, Lincoln's-¬
inn, London.
NOTICE.—Alteration of Name.—Ihereby give notice,
that it is my intention, from and after the 1st day of October next.
to TAKE the NAME of COOKE (my mother's maiden name), in ad¬
dition to my present, and that for the future in all transactions what¬
soever I intend to sign, use, and be known by the name of Thomas
Cooke Nicholson only. —Dated this 12th day of September, 1867.
THOMAS NICHOLSON, Elswick Dene, George-road.
Newcastle-on-Tyne.
Witness—Thomas Forster, Solicitor, Newcastle-on-Tyne.
Thomas Culleton, Genealogist, 25, Cranbourn-Street, London.
FREE LABOUR REGISTRATION SOCIETY.
Head Office, 9, Victoria-chambers, Victoria-street, Westminster,
S.W.—This Society has been formed to check the acknowledged evils
of trades unions, by affording a rallying point for non-unionist work¬
men and employers. Many thousands of working men have already
enrolled. The objects of the Society are:—
1. Obtaining work for the unemployed, and hands for employers.
The free discussion of all questions affecting capital and labour.
S. Their peaceful settlement by arbitration.
4. Protection of members by constitutional means.
The public are earnestly entreated to support the cause by their
money and names.
One-third of all donations is applied to the Benefit Fund.
Donations and subscriptions are received by Messrs. Ransome,
Bouverie, and Co., No. 1, Pall-mall east; or by F. C. Maude, Colonel,
Hon. Sec.
CAUTION.—No ENGLISH KREOSOTE is genuine
unless with "Morson's name and trade mark on labels. Hydro¬
carbon of foreign origin is being offered as English Kreosote, and we,
the sole English manufacturers, will not guarantee any unless bearing
our name and trade mark.
MORSON and SON.
Nos. 31, 33, and 124, Southampton-row, Russell-square, London, W. C.
CAUTION.—I, the undersigned, hereby give notice,
thatall persons detected selling any imitation of my EAU de
COLOGNE will be proceeded against by law All purchasers should
note that the label on the bottle is that of Johann Maria Farina,
Julichs Platz, No. 4. My sole agents for Great Britain and Ireland
are Wm. Fickus, jun., and Co., 23, Mark-lane, London.
JOHANN MARIA FARINA, Julichs Platz,
No. 4, Cologn.
CAUTION.—FOREIGN VINEYARD ASSOCIA¬
TION (Limited), Joint-Stock Wine Company, established 1854.—
The Directors, having learnt that letters intended for the Association
have miscarried, hereby give notice that this Company has no con¬
nexion with any other establishment, and particularly request that all
orders and remittances be addressed to W. H. Palmer, Esq., Manager,
at their new offices, 200, Regent-street, W.
CAUTION.—In Chancery: "Field v. Lewis."—On
the 3d of August, 1867, the plaintiffs in the above cause obtained
a perpetual injunction against the defendant for infringing their (plain¬
tils' rights as proprietors of the title of "United Service," when ap¬
plied to SOAP; and Messrs. FIELD hereby caution the public against
imitations of their well-known articles. Each tablet is stamped J. C.
and J. Field, London, and all parties infringing their rights and privi¬
leges render themselves liableto proceedings.
CAUTION. — Self-fitting Candles. — We,
the undersigned, do hereby give notice that we have, by letters
patent, secured to ourselves the exclusive right of making candies with
tapering ends, commonly called SELF-FITTING CANDLES, now to
be obtained of every chymist, grocer, or chandler, in all sizes, and of
various qualities. The public are cautioned against imitations, and
persons infringing such patents, or being parties privy thereto, are
hereby informed that they render themselves liable to proceedings.
J. C. and J. FIELD Upper-marsh, Lambeth, Londor

PUBLIC NOTICE.—The Society of Arts having
awarded their silver medal and prize of 20 guineas to Messrs.
PARKINS and GOTTO of 25, Oxford-street, for their 2s. WRITING¬
CASE (of which 500,000 have been sold), for its utility, durability, and
cheapness, the public are hereby CAUTIONED against various imita¬
tions of the same, none being genuine uniess stamped "Parkins and
Gotto," with a crown above. The Postmaster-General permits this
particular case to pass through the post for four stamps.
NOTICE.—Hancock, Burbrook, and Co. (Limited).—
In consequence of advertisements continually appearing in news¬
papers, railway stations, covers of periodicals, &c., under the above
title, the public are hereby informed that Messrs. HANCOCK and
BURBROOK have nothing whatever to do with the concern, notwith¬
standing their names are being used by the present proprietor. All
letters for Mr. R. Burbrook to be addressed 3, St. James's-street, S.W.
NOTICE.—The BUSINESS of the EAGLE IN¬
SURANCE COMPANY will be conducted at the NEW
OFFICES, No. 79, Pall-mall, on and after Monday, the 23d inst.—
No. 59, Ludgate-hill, Sept. 9, 1867.
NOTICE.—HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co.
(Limited).—Owing to numerous letters misearrying through being
inaccurately addressed, all letters should be directed Hancock, Bur¬
brook, and Co., Limited (now Edwin W. Streeter), 37, Conduit-street,
New Bond-street, W.

PRIVATE DETECTIVE OFFICE (established
1857), 35, Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons.—Private, confidential,
and important inquiries conducted by JNO. LEWIS, 17 years an
officer in the city of London police.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE OFFICE.—THOMAS
BALCHIN, 21 years city detective officer, is prepared to under¬
take private, confidential, and important inquiries with secresy and
despatch. Terms reasonable.—58, London-wall.
CROQUET.—PARKINS and GOTTO's improved
patterns, of the best seasoned woods, and at the lowest prices
viz.: 15s., 18s., 21s., 25s., 30s., 40s., 50s., and 60s., with book of rules.
The 30s. set is full size, strong, and useful. No better can be made than
the 50s. set. All croquet sent carriage paid to any railway station in
England on receipt of a post-office order.—Parkins and Gotto whole¬
sale and retail croquet warehouse, 27 and 28, Oxford-street, London, W.
NOTICE.—"The Chromolithograph" and Water¬
Colour Painting.—On view shortly, the Landscapes in Water¬
Colours, by Mr. Aaron Penley, Senior Professor of Drawing and Paint¬
ing at the Royal Military College, Addiscombe, Member of the New
Society of Painters in Water-colours, and Author of "The English
School of Painting in Water-Colours, its Theory and Practice" who
will contribute to the new pournal, the CHROMOLITHOGRAPH,
every fourth week, a full-page water colour drawing of landscape scenery
together with a descriptive lesson. The same accomplished artist and
distinguished teacher will, during each intermediate fortnight, contri¬
bute other articles, which, when completed, will elucidate the whole
art and mystery of painting in water-colours. Full prospectuses of
the journal, which will contain three full-page chromolithographs
weekly, price sixpence, may be had on application to W. J. Day,
No. 20, Cockspur-Street, London, S.W.
NOTICE.—"The Chromolithograph" and Figure
Painting.—On view shortly, the Figure Drawings in Water¬
Colour by Mr. Frederick Smallfield, whose talent as an artist and
pre-eminence as a teacher in this branch of art are so well known, and
who has undertaken to supply a full-page coloured study and a descrip¬
tive lesson, once a-mouth, to the pages of the new journal, the CHRO¬
MOLITHOGRAPH. Full prospectuses of the journal, which will con¬
tain three full-page chromolithographs weekly, price sixpence, may be
had on application to W. J. Day, 20, Cockspur-street, London, S.W.
NOTICE.— "The Chromolithograph" and Flower
and Fruit Painting. — On view shortly the Oil Pictures by Mr. T.
Gronland, who is acknowledged, by our most renowned painters, to be
the very best artist for the purpose, and who has undertaken to con¬
tribute, once a month, to the pages of the new journal the CHROMO¬
LITHOGRAPH, a full-page coloured study, and descriptive lesson for
executing the same in both oil and water colour; and who promises to
give, successively, the most prominent specimens to be obtained by fol¬
lowing the natural productions of the seasons; thus, enabling students
not only to copy accurate representations of nature, painted by an ac¬
complished artist, but also at once to appeal back to nature herself for
further inspiration. Full prospectus of the journal, which will contain
three full-page chromolithographs, weekly for 6d., may be had on appli¬
cation to W. J. Day, 20, Cockspur-street, London, S.W.
NOTICE.—The "Chromolithograph" and Wood
Carving, and the various studies in connexion with that art.—On
view shortly specimens of the illustrations by Mr. George Alfred
Rogers, artist in wood to the Queen, professor of wood carving at the
Crystal Palace School of Art, and author of several works on the sub¬
ject, who has undertaken to contribute to the pages of the new journal
the CHROMOLITHOGRAPH, an illistrated paper once a month,
treating of fretwork, Carved Fretwork, and the more advanced study;
ample materials, for study and execution, will thus be supplied to oc¬
cupy the amateur during the monthly intervals. Full prospectus of the
journal which will contain three full-page chromolithographs weekly,
for 6d. May be had on application to W. J. Day, 20, Cockspur-street,
m
NOTICE. —"The Chromolithograph" and illumina¬
tion.—On view shortly, Illuminations by Messrs. W. and G.
Audsley, of Liverpool, whose magnificently illuminated works, pub¬
lished under Mr. W. Day's direction, have gained such world-wide
fame, and who have undertaken to contribute in the pages of the new
Sournal, the CHROMOLITHOGRAPH, once a month, a full-page
illustration, with accompanying text, and who will do all that can be
done to make every student of their articles and illustrations equally
as well informed and accomplished in execution as they themselves
are acknowledged to be. Full prospectus of the journal, which will
contain three full-page chromolithographs weekly, for 6d., may be had
on application to W. J. Day, 20, Cockspur-Street, London, S.W.
NOTICE.—"The Chromolithograph" and the Deco¬
rative Arls.—On view shortly, the coloured photographs of
objects which Mr. Dresser has selected from the Paris Exhibition to
form full-page illustrations, every week, in the pages of the new
journal the CHROMOLITHOGRAPH, with descriptive text. Full
prospectuses of the journal, which will contain three full-page chromo¬
lithographs weekly, for 6d., may be had on application to W. C. Day
e
CLARKE's LITTLE MODELLER.—How to make
a Model Village, 48 engravings, beautifully coloured, post free for
seven stamps. A Model Farm, seven stamps. A Swiss Cottage, seven
stamps. A Model Railway, seven stamps. A Village in Winter, seven
stamps.—H. G. Clarke and Co., 2, Garrick-street, Covent-garden.
THE AUTOMATON LEOTARD.—This extraordi¬
nary self-acting figure goes through his surprising performance on
the trapeze, daily, at 2, Garrick-street; sent carriage free for 60 stamps.
—H. G. CLARKE and Co., 2, Garrick-street, Covent-garden.
THE MAGIC DONKEYS.—Roars of Laughter.—
These wonderful animals go through their extraordinary evolu¬
tions daily, at 2, Garrick-street. The pair sent post free for 14 stamps.
—H. G. CLARKE and Co., 2, Garrick-street.
