IF you cannot call, appoint an interview in or
near London. Write, as your address is unknown.
Y. Z. has RETURNED. Write and appoint a
place of meeting, day, and hour. Have posted you andther
C. H. H., nee C. H. J.—"Lhomme propose, mais
Dieu dispose." Je m'afflige beaucoup de ta lettre, ma plus
cherie. Faites-mol savoir de tes nouvelles de temps en temps.
"Toujours à tol."—E. V. H.
WOUR FAVOURITE COLOUR, Silver Gray.
WRITE, and tell me where you are. Is there any possibility of
your receiving a letter? You cannot tell what pain it is to wait. Your
THE HOLDERS of a BILL (No. 2046) for £2,000,
drawn by Mobr, Brothers, and Co., of Akyab, on the Europe
Bank (Limited), at six months' sight, are requested to COMMUNI¬
CATE with Schultze and Mobr, 3, East India-avenue, E.C.
THE OFFICERS and SHIP's COMPANY of
H.M.S. LIVERPOOL beg to return their sincere THANKS to the
editors of the newspapers who have lately taken so much interest in
their welfare, and are happy to inform the editors and the public
that they (the officers and men of the above ship) are in the enjoyment
o a e h la e.
THE TEN THOUSAND POUNDS ADVER¬
TISED (in The Times) as being required by A, B., Victoria Sta¬
tion, Pimlico, does not in any way concern Mr. Henry Fisher, the pro¬
prietor, and letters were not sanctioned by him to be addressed there,
and all further communications must be directed to A. B., post office,
Gillingham-street, Pimlico.
LOST, on Monday evening, near or in the Vassall-¬
road, a LADY's GOLD WATCH and ALBERT CHAIN.
Whoever has found the same and will kindly restore it to the owner, at
No. 4, St. Ann's-terrace, Brixton-road, shall be REWARDED.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, a BUNCH
of KEYS, principally patent ones. Whoever brings the same to
Mr. Pollock, 27, Budge-row, shall receive the above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 15th,
a lady's DIAMOND STAR EARRING, either on leaving Addi¬
son-gardens south, or on leaving the Princess's Theatre. Whoever will
bring the same to Mr. Carter, 47, Addison-road north, Notting-hill,
shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—STRAYED, a GRAY¬
ISH-BROWN ROUGH SCOTCH TERRIER; bushy tail and
hind quarters, long snout, and ears not cut, with short hair on
shoulders and back. Whoever will bring the same to 11, Brunswick¬
mews, Cumberland-street, W., shall receive the above reward.—Sept. 10.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday,
the15th inst., between the Bank and Wandsworth, but, possibly
in a cab, which took two gentlemen from Victoria Station to Wands¬
worth, about half-past 10 p.m., a SMALL PURSE, containing a £5
note, No. 97.896 (since stopped at the Bank), two sovereigns, silver coins,
&o. Apply to B. M., post-office, Jermyn-Street, S.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday,
the8th of September, from the first-class gentlemen's waiting
room at the Chester Railway Station, a small BLACK BAG, con¬
taining a postage-stamp album and other articles of no value. Who¬
ever will return the same to the Rev. O. M. F., Whittington, Oswestry,
Salop, shall receive the above reward.
RVEREND, GURNEY, and COMPANY (Limited).
—A shareholder, on whom the liquidators make the call (although
he sold his shares prior to the stoppage, the transfer not being regis¬
tered), suggests the great importance of all shareholders similarly
situate, in this or any other company, acting in concert under the
advice of some of the most eminent members of the Equity and
Cammon Law bars, to enforce their rights against the purchasers of
their shares to re-payment of the call paid by them and indemuity
against future calls. Shareholders wishing to avail themselves of this
pportunity will please supply their names and addresses to A. Y.,
No. 8, Edith-grove, West Brompton, S.W., so that a meeting may be
convened to determine whether the above course is to be adopted, and
to arrange a plan for raising the necessary funds.
NOTICE is hereby given, that Sir WILLIAM
SNOW HARRIS, of No. 6, Windsor-villas, Plymouth, in the
county of Devon, intends to apply by PETITION, under the 4th.
section of the Statute 5 and 6 William IV., chapter 83, and the 7 and 8
Victoria, chapter 69, to Her Majesty in Council, for a PROLONGA¬
TION of the TERM of sole USING and VENDING an INVENTION
of "Improvements in Lightning Conductors for Ships and Vessels,"
granted to him by Letters Patent, bearing date the 20th April, 1853, in
the 16th year of the reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria.
And notice is hereby further given, that the said Sir William Snow
Harris intends to apply by counsel to the Judicial Committee of the
Privy Council, on the 23d day of October now next, or, if the said
Judicial Committee shall not sit on that day, at the then next sitting
of the said Judicial Committee, for a time to be fixed for hearing the
matter of the said petition; and that, on or before the said 23d day of
October next, notice must be given of any opposition intended to be
made to the said petition; and any person intending to oppose the said
application must lodge a caveat against the granting of such applica¬
tion at the Council-office on or before that day.—Dated the 13th day
of September, 1866.
BOWER and COTTON, 46, Chancery-lane, Solicitors
for the said Sir William Snow Harris.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—
To SWANSTON MAY MACDOWELL, of Melbourne, in Aus¬
tralia, landing waiter in Her Majesty's Customs, EDWARD ST.MAUR
MACDOWELL, of Mount Ida, Hoyburn, in New Zealand, LAURA
CHAMPION (wife of Percy Champion,
aeee e ount Ida afore¬
said, and ANNA REBECCA MACDOWELL, of Mount Ida afore¬
said, spinster.—Take notice, that a CITATION has issued under
seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated the 8th day of Sep¬
tember, 1866, whereby you the said Swanston May Maedowell, Laura
Champion, and Anna Rebecca Macdowell, as the natural and lawful
brothers and sisters and only next of kin, and the only persons enti¬
tled in distribution to the personal estate and effects of Hay Mac¬
dowell, late of Bhosawal, in the Presidency of Bombay, in the East
Indies, an engineer in the service of the Great Indian Peninsular
Railway Company, deceased (who died at Bhosawal aforesaid on the
31st day of May, 1865, a bachelor, without parent, intestate), are cited
to cause an appearance to be entered for you in the Principal Re¬
gistry of the said Court, within 30 days after the service of the said
citation on you respectively, inclusive of the day of such service, and
to accept or refuse ittters of administration of the personal estate and
effects of the said deceased, or show cause why the same should not
be granted to David Balfour, of Balfour-house, Orkney, in North
Britain, Esq., a creditor of the said deceased, with an intimation
that, in default of vour, or one of you, appearing and accepting and
extracting the said letters of adminstration, the said letters of admi¬
nistration will be grahted to the said David Balfour
(Signed) EDWARD F. JENNER. Registran
ALBERT BENCE FOSTER.—By order of His Im¬
perial Majesty the Autoerat of Russia, &c., the Superior Court
of the Province of Curonia, called Oberhofgericht, hereby issues the
following letter citatory:—Whereas Johann Samuel Bandau, here¬
ditary mortgagee of the estate called Smilten, situate in the province
of Livonia, has been made the universal heir of the late retired British
Captain Albert Bence Foster, hereditary mortgagee of the estate called
Stabben, under a will of the same, authenticated by the Selburg Court
of Justice, called Oberhauptmannsgericht, on the 27th of June, 1866,
and has sub beneficio legis ac inventarii taken possession of the pro¬
nerty thus left to him, now at the request of the said Johann Samuel
Bandau, the Oberhofgericht of Curonia hereby does cite and sum¬
mon all those who should intend to put in any CLAIM ex jure crediti,
hereditatis or otherwise to the PROPERTY left by the said ALBERT
BENCE FOSTER, or to attack the validity of the said will of the
same, to appear in this Court on the 7th, 8th, and 9th December, A. C.
or on the next court day, if any of the aforementioned days should
happen to be a holyday, either in person or by representatives duly
authorized, or by trustees, and, if necessary, accompanied by legal
assistants, in order to bring forth their claims to the property left by
the aforesaid Foster, or their oppositions to the said will of the same,
and to produce their respective documents and other evidences, and to
await the further proceedings, of which the first will be the setting of
the second and last term for appearing. And they are hereby dis¬
tinctly warned that all those who shall not duly appear on the first or
second term shall no further be admitted to bring in their claims,
which shall all be lost for ever, and all documents relative to the same
will be annulled. And they are further warned, that if no opposition
should be made to the aforementioned will of the said Foster, or if
such oppositions should be brought forth but not duly proved, then
the will of the said Foster, authenticated by the Selburg Oberhnupt¬
mannsgericht, on the 27th of June, A. C., will be recognized and pro¬
nounced to be definitively valid
In witness whereof the Oberhofgericht of Curonia has given these
presents under its seal and common signatures at Mitau-castle, on the

Blancetum citationis ad Judicium Aulieum Supremum.
(Signed), W. ROCHLITZ, Acting First Secretary.
This is a transiation from the German, in which language the ori¬
ginal is certified by Carl Stamm, notary public, Riga, August 8. 1866.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 3,460.—The Constancia. Whereas a cause of bot¬
tomry has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of England,
on behalf of Carruthers Charles Johnston, of Liverpool, in the
county of Lancaster, merchant, the legal holder of a bottomry bond
on the brigantine or vessel Constancia, her cargo and freight, against
the said vessel, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and the cargo now
or lately laden therein, together with the freight due for the trans¬
portation thereof and whereas the said vessel and cargo are now lying
in Prince's Dock, Liverpool, under arrest, by virtue of a warrant issued
from the Registry of the said Court, and no appearance has been
entered in the said cause; This is to give notice to all persons who
have or claim to have any RIGHT, title, or interest in the said vessel
CONSTANCIA, or in the said cargo, that, if an appearance in the said
cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court within six
days from the publication of this notice, the Judge of the said Court
will order the said vessel and cargo to be sold, to answer the claims in¬
stituted or to be instituted against the same, or make such order in the
premises as to him shall seem right. —Dated the 18th day of September,

H. C. ROTHERY, Registrar.
Notice of sale of ship and cargo taken out by Chester and Urqubart,
No. 11, Staple-inn, London, agents for Lace, Banuer, Littledale, Gill,
and Bardswell, Liverpool.
ROYAL THAMES YACHT CLUB.—The CLUB¬
HOUSE will be RE-OPENED on Monday, the 24th inst.
By order of the Committee.
P. C. STUART GRANT, Secretary.
R.T.Y.C., Albemarle-street, W.,
Sept. 17, 1866
CLARENDON CLUB (Liberal Conservative).—
Arrangements ve been entered into for suitable temporary
accommodation, comprising all the possible requirements of a modern
club, in new and extensive premises in St. James's-street, which will
be ready for occupation by the members on the 1st November next.
Present entrance fee, £26 5s. ; annual subscription, £77s. Candidates
for admission must apply, either personally or by letter, to the Secre¬
tary, at the offices, 43, Parliament-street, S.W.
MINKEL FEIER.—The ENTERTAINMENT to
be given to Dr. KINKEL by his friends, on the occasion of his
departure for Switzerland, will take place on the 27th inst., at the
Whittington Club, Strand.
Supper on the table at 8 o'clock.
Ladies and gentlemen desirous of taking part in the same can obtain
tickets of Mr. N. Truebner, 60, Paternoster-row, E.C.; and of the
undersigned. WM. ENGELMAE
N. Hon. Sec., 3, Great George-street,
Westminster, S.
NOTICE.—Messrs. CHAMPION and Co., of the
well-known vinegar and mustard works, 115, City-road, find it
necessary to state that they have no connexion whatever with any
other firm. Confusion and misunderstanding existing as to the deli¬
very of letters and orders, consumers are particularly requested to ad¬
dress to
CHAMPION and Co.
Vinegar Works, 115, City-road, E.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—WHITMORE and
BAYLEY have REMOVED from 35, Gresham-street, to their
new premises, St. Michael's-house, St. Michael's-alley, Cornhill. Im¬
porters of Havanna cigars only. On show from 10 to 5.
NOTICE.—In consequence of numerous mistakes and
inquiries, PETER ROBINSON begs to inform his customers and
the public that for the future his MOURNING BUSINESS will be
conducted at the premises but recently completed—viz, 256, 258, 260,
262, Regent-street, and not, as formerly, at his coloured establishment,
Nos. 103 to 108, Oxford-street.
M. R. W. SMITH bees to inform his patrons that
VISITORS will be RECEIVED as usual, by appointment, from
10 to 4, during the alterations of his house.—5, Duchess-street, Port¬
land-place, W.
PURE SPRING WATER for SALE.—The SOUTH
ESSEX WATERWORKS COMPANY is prepared to TREAT for¬
the SALE of several millions of gallons of PURE SPRING WATER
per day to water companies, boards of health, and manufacturers at
the East end of London. This pure spring water can be obtained in
any quantity for shipping at the wharf of the Grays Chalk Quarries
Company.
M. BEALE, Secretary.
No. 21, Gresham-street, Old Jewry, 

MESSRS. FORRESTER's INQUIRY-OFFICE,
No. 6, Dane's-inn, St. Clement's, Strand, W.C. (under the di¬
rection of Mr. John Forrester, late principal police-officer at the Man¬
sion-house, city of London). Important and confidential inquiries
made in England and abroad.
MONOGRAMS.—RODRIGUES' MONOGRAMS
and HERALDIC DEVICES, designed and engraved as gems of
art; steel dies engraved: note paper and envelopes stamped in colour
relief, and illuminated in the most elegant style; arms, crests, or mone.
grams engraved on seals or rings.
a  H. Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly, W.
MONOGRAMS.—Latest designs, without charge for
die. Five quires note and 100 envelopes stamped in best colours,
any one, two, or three initials, for 5s. very best ditto, 6s. 6d. Specimen
sheet ffor one stamp.—J. T. ROBERTS, heraldic stationer, 37, Here¬
ford-road, Bayswater,
MONOGRAMS, Arms, Crests, and Coronets:—
A preliminary Pencil Sketch, artistically designed, price 1s. 6d. ;
a Monogram Die of two letters, 7s. 6d.; three letters, 10s. 6d. Enve¬
lope stamping in the best colours, 1s. per 100. Note paper illuminated
in gold and colours. KERBY and SON, 199, Oxford-street. By ap¬

MONOGRAM DIES, the most elegant in form.—
10,000 in stock.—Five quire paper and 100 envelopes stamped
with monogram, without charge for the die, 4s.; superior, 5s. Any
die, with monogram, crest, or address, made to order free of charge if
an order be given for a ream of the best paper and 500 envelopes,
all stamped, free for 21s. or post-office order. Monograms designed, 1s.
—T. CULLETON, engraver to Her Majesty, and diesinker to the
Board of Trade, 25, Cranbourn-street, corner of St. Martin's-lane. W.C.,
