FROM BID to ROSE.—Will settle—try for easier
erms.
MORTENSE (Pollaky en voyage).—Shall return
sooner than expected. Possess already more proofs than enough
for all purnoses. Journey to St. Petersburg unnecessary.—POLLAKY.
DEAR HENRY.—Do come home directly, or write
to your mother. Your request from Boulogne was complied with
at once, but you did not allow the necessary time.—A. S.
THE REPRESENTATIVE of SAMUEL CUM¬
ING, formerly an Assistant Commissary-General, or of Mr. J.
POULTON, the guardian of his children, is requested to COMMUNI¬
CATE with Messrs. Baron and Smith, army agonts, Duke-street, West¬
minster.—22d July, 1872.
MISSES GULLEFORD, supposed formerly of the
West Indies, then, about the year 1869, of Arundel-square, Isling-¬
ton, London, who, having made inquiries about their COUSINS, can
hear about them, and many important particulars, by writing to Henry
Gulleford, 15, Moon-Street, Gibson-square. Any information respecting
them will be thankfully received, and compensuted for their trouble.
WAGGA WAGGA.—J. MORTON (who resided
in this town in 1856, subsequently Chief Engineer of one of the
Argentine war s.s. during the Paraguayan War, and who afterwards
obtained certain concessions from that Government for his patent)
will hear of something to his advantage by APPLYING to Mr. Nash,
No. 5, Albion-place, Blackfriars-bridge.
SIENESI—Jane, Isabella, and Felicity, children of
Joseph Sienesi, formerly of Wild-court Wild-street, Drury-lane,
afterwards of Gilbert-street, in the parish of Saint Clement Dane's, and
late of Mitre-street, Waterloo-road, London, tailor, who died about 23
years ago—the above had a brother named Joseph Sienesi and a half¬
brother named Benjamin Sienesi.—If either of the said JANE SIEN¬
ESI, ISABELLA SIENESI, and FELICITY SIENESI are living and
will COMMUNICATE with Blake and Snow, of 22, College-hill, Can¬
non-street, London, solicitors, they will hear of something to their ad¬
vantage.
BRITISH HOSPITAL for SKIN DISEASES,
Great Marlborough-street, W.—The Committee of Management
thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE £10 10s. from Mrs. M. A. Wanklyn, in
Aid of the Funds of this Institution.— CHARLES T. MURDOCH,
Treasurer.
LOST, Thursday evening, July 18, a GENTLEMAN'S
GOLD SIGNET RING, with crest on bloodstone. Whoever
will return the same to 43, Portsdown-road, Maida-hill, shall be hand¬
somely REWARDED.
LOST.—LEFT, on Wednesday, the 17th inst., in a
first class carriage of a Metropolitan train, which left Charing¬
cross Station at 11.45, a PAIR of FIELD GLASSES, made by Dixey,
of Bond-street, and engraved with the name of Captain W. 78th High¬
landers, both on the case and glasses. Whosoever will take the glasses
to Saunders, stationer, 22, High-street, Konsington, the owner will

IN Italian gentleman changed carriages with a lady

Westminster. The lady DROPPED a PURSE in first class carriage.
If the gentleman heard anything of it, please write to Mrs. Fulham,
De Knock's library, Clifton-road, Maida-vale.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, at the Sailing¬
Barge Match, July 16th, on board Albert Edward, a PAIR of
OPERA GLASSES, with case and strap. Whoever will take them to
the Grays Chalk Quarries Company, 90, Lower Thames-street, shall
receive the above Reward.
GRAY RAMPOOR CHUDDAH SHAWL, be¬
longing to the lady who took by

E. L., on the 13th, is ready to be EXCHANGED on application at
Thomas's Hotel, Berkeley-square.
FOUND, at Putney, a DOG. The owner can have
him by giving full description and paying all expenses. Apply, by
letter, to D., at Mr. Clifts, 83, Drury-lane, W.C.
FOUND, on Friday last, the 19th of July, at about 2
the Hyde-park end of Westbourne-terrace, a BLACK
and TAN TERRIER BITCH. The animal is not well, and has a rup¬
ture of the bowels. The owner may have the same by applying at
No. 7, Westbourne-terrace, Hyde-park, W., and paying the expense of
advertisement. If not claimed in the course of a week the animal will
be destroyed.
NOTICE.—All persons having CLAIMS against the
ESTATE of the late ROBERT DAY STOKES, Tralee, Ire¬
land, are requested to furnish particulars to Edward G. Stokes, 5, Day¬

IN Her MAJESTYS COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To WILLIAM JAMES SHAR¬
WOOD now or late of Shrubland Grove Hackney in the County of
Middlesex.—Take Notice that a CITATION has issued under the
Seal of Her Maiesty's Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes at
the instance of Agnes Sharwood citing you to appear within eight days
in the said Court then and there to answer her Petition filed in the
said Court praying for a Dissolution of her Marriage with you and such
citation contains an intimation that in default of your so doing the
Court will proceed to hear the said Petition proved in due course of
Law and to pronounce sentence therein your absence notwithstanding
and a further intimation that for the purpose aforesaid you are to
attend in person or by your Proctor Solicitor or Attorney at the Regis¬
try of the said Court in Doctors Commons London and there to enter
an appearance in a book provided for that purpose without which you
will not be allowed to address the Court in person or by Counsel at
any stage of the proceedings in the Cause.
EDWARD F. JENNER Registrar.
WILLIAM EASTON 13 Cliffords Inn London Solicitor
for the Petitioner.
IN the Matter of JOHN MARSHALLS CHARITY,
in the Borough of Southwark.—By direction of the Board of
Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, Notice is hereby
given that the Trustees of the apove mentioned Charity propose (with
the authorityof the said board) to accept a surrender of the existing
LEASE of the PREMISES described in the subjoined schedule and
to grant a fresh Lease thereof for the term of 72 years at the annual
rent of £12 (the lessee expending the sum of £1,009 at the least in
erecting new buildings thereon) unless some suflicient objection to the
grant of such lease shall be made known to the said Commissioners
within 21 days from the first publication of this notice. Further par¬
ticulars respecting the proposed lease may be ascertained by inquiry
from Mr. Edward Thompson 4 Stone-buildings Lincoln's-inn. Any
person prepared to notify such objection should forthwith transmit the
same to the said Commissioners, in writing, addressed to their Secre¬
tary, No. 8, York Street, St. James's Square, London.
Schedule.
A piece of ground of irregular shape in length 50 feet or there¬
abouts and in breadth 25 feet or thereabouts situate at the rear of the
premises Nod. respectively 5, 6, and 7, in Great Dover Road and ad¬
joining to the South-Eastern District Post Office.—Dated the twelfth
HENRY M. VANE, Secretary.
day of July 1872.
IN the Matter of LETTERS PATENT granted to
LEVI BISELL of the City and State of New York, United States
of America; bearing date the 1st day of December 1858 (number 2751
of the series for the said year 1858) for the invention of "Improve¬
ments in trucks for locomotive engines." Notice is hereby given that
the said Levi Bissell intends to apply by Petition under the 4th section
of the Statute 3rd and 4th Wilhiam the Fourth Cnapter 83 to Her
Majesty in Council for a PROLONGATION of the TERM of SOLE
USING exercising and vending within the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland the Channel Islands and Isle of Man an INVEN¬
TION of "Improvements in trucks for locomotive engines" granted to
him the said Levi Bissell by Letters Patent bearing date the 1st day of
Decamber 1856 numbered 2751 in the series for the said year 1558. And
notice is hereby further given that the said Petitioner intends to apply
by Counsel to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council on the 17th
day of August next or if the said Judicial Committee shall not sit on
that day at the next sitting of the said Judicial Committee after that
date for a time to be fixed for the hearing the matter of the said
petition and that on or before the said 17th day of August notice must
be given of any opposition intended to be made to the said petition and
any person intending to oppose the said application must lodge a
caveat to that effect at the Council office on or before that date.—
eser
PYKE IRVING  PYKE 43 Lincoln's Inn Fields, London
Solicitors for the above named Petitioner.
WHEREAS the Right Honourable GEORGE
STEVENS, Earl of STRAFFORD, of Wrotham-park, in the
county of Middlesex, and; the Honourable CHARLOTTE AMELIA
TROTTER, of Laurel-lodge, in the said county of Middlesex, widow,
being respectively interested under the provisions of "the Acts for the
Inclosure, Exchauge, and Improvement of Lands," in the LAND and
HEREDITAMENTS set forth in the schedule hereunder written, with
the easements and appurtenances thereunto belonging, and being de¬
girous of effecting an EXCHANGE of the same, have made applica¬
tion, in writing, to the Inclosure Commissioners for England and
Wales, to direct inquiries whether such proposed exchange would be
beneficial to the owners of such respective Lands and Hereditaments,
and to proceed with the same under the provisions of the said Acts.
Now the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, being of
opinion that such exchange would be beneficial, and that the terms
thereof are just and reasonable, hereby give notice that they will
cause to be framed and confirmed, under their hands and seal, an order
of exchange in the matter of the said application, unless notice, in
writing, of dissent to the said proposed exchange be given to them by
some person entitled to an estate in, or to a charge upon, the said Land
and Hereditaments, or any part thereof, on or before the 4th day of
November next.
The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Notice refers.
Land and Hereditaments in which the above named George Stevens,
Earl of Strafford, is interested, situate in the parish of South Mimms,
in the county of Middlesex, and proposed to be exchanged for the
land and hereditaments hereinafter specified:—
No. on
sse
Tithe Map. (Meadow Land, part of the Dancer's-hill)
Part of 333 Mead, in the occupation of Mr. John
1 2 18
Bays,
Land and Hereditaments in which the above named Charlotte Amelia
Trotter is interested, situate in the parish of South Mimms, in the
county of Middlesex, and proposed to be exchanged for the land
and hereditaments hereinbefore specified:—
No. on
Description.
Tithe Map. Meadow, Land, in the occupation of

7 1
Witness, my hand this 18th day of July, in the year of Our Lord, one
thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.

By order of the Board.
Inclosure Commission, 3, St. James's-square, London, S.W.
CHANGE of NAME.—1, Frederick
Benjamin
Hyam of No. 56 Cannon Street in the City of London and of
No. 26 Cleveland Gardens Cleveland Square Hyde Park in the County
of Middlesex Esquire do hereby Give notice that I have on the date
hereof renounced the surname of "Hyam" & in lieu thereof have AS¬
SUMED and intend hereafter to use and be known by the SUR¬
NAME of "HALFORD"—Dated this twenty second day of July 1872.
FREDK. B. HYAM.
CAUTION.—Messrs. HANCOCKS and Co.,
Goldsmiths, Jewellers, and Silversmiths to the Queen, the Prince
and Princess of Wales, and the Principal Courts of Europe
regret being compelled to CAUTION the public that their BUSINESS,
established by Mr. C. F. Hancock, is only carried on at the same
address, Nos. 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—The Bag of Bags.—The ELGIN
WRITING-CASE and AB C. DESPATCH BOX are the pro¬
perty and invention of Messrs. JENNER and KNEWSTUB, of
No. 33, St. James-street, and 66, Jermyn-Street. The public are re¬
spectfully cautioned against illegal and deceptive imitations of their
patents, trade marks, and placards.
CAUTION.—The THREE-GUINEA GOLD
BRIDESMAIDS' LOCKET, and the Five-guinea Gold Brides
maids' Bracelet, having been registered by Messrs. HOWELL, JAMES,
and Co., the public is respectfully cautioned that they can only be ob¬
tained at their establishment.—Howell, James, and Co., jewellers to
the Royal Family, 5, 7, 9, Regent-street, Pall-mall, London.
CAUTION.—RED HEART RUM.—The public are
cautioned against fraudulent imitations of this celebrated spirit.
Owing to its great success in cases of low rever, cholera, diarrhea, and
overworked brain, this caution is rendered necessary. Sold only in
bottles, which bear the brand of Henry White and Co. on corks, cap¬
sules, and labels.—J. G. TURNEY, 61, King William-street, Lon¬
don, E.C., and 153, New Bond-street.
CAUTION.—In consequence of WM. YOUNGER
and Co. having discovered that their labels have been largely
counterfeited, and having obtained possession of 14 label dies used for
such purpose, inform all purchasers of their ales for export, that for the
future each bottle will have affixed to it, in addition to the ordinary
label, a metalic capsule bearing their trade mark and name, Breweries,
Edinburgh. Established 1749. London stores, Belvedere-road.
CAUTION.—A. S. LLOYD'S EUXESIS, for shaving
without soap or water.—R. HOVENDEN and SONS having pur¬
chased under an administration suit the business of the late A.S.Lioyd,
together with the receipt, trade mark, and goodwill of his celebrated
Euxesis, the public are cautioned that the original and genuine Euxesis
bears only the address of the original manufactory, 27, Glasshouse¬
street, Regent-street, where it may be obtained as heretofore.
CAUTION.—Water Filters.—The LONDON and
GENERAL WATER PURIFYING COMPANY caution the
public that all its FILTERS have the Company's name on them, and
no others are genuine. It is asso very essential that all letters should
have the number of their depot in the Strand, to prevent mistakes and
disappointment, as numerous letters have miscarried when the number
has been omitted. For prices, &c., apply or address to 157, Strand, W.C.
CAUTION.—A. S. LLOYD'S EUXESIS, for
shaving without soap or water. The widow of A. S. Lloyd has
NOT SOLD the RIGHT to this invaluable preparation, nor has the
original recipe ever left her possession. The genuine Euxesis bears
the words "Prepared by his Widow," in raised letters on the top of the
tube, as well as in red ink across labels. Address of manufactory is
No. 3, Spur-street, Leicest.
er-square, London.
CAUTION.—In calling the attention of the trade
 to a recent decision in the House of Lords, in the case of
"Wotherspoon v. Currie," whereby our exclusive right to the use of
the word "Glenfield" in connexion with Starch is indisputably esta¬
blished, wouid also intimate that this decision renders the sale of the
starch made by the defendant illegal, and will subject the seller of it
to a penaity of £10,000. We beg to intimate to those who may have
been induced to buy it, that to save them from total loss we will
allow 20s. per owt, for it at the Glenfield Starch Works, Paisley, in
exchange for the genuine artiole, at the current price. This will
entall a loss upon ourselves, as the packets will be broken up and sold
for waste starch, but it will at the same time be the meaus of rendering
the srticle useless for further daception. Any information that will
lead to conviction will be rawarded.—R. WOTHERSTOON and Co.
