UPSILON.—Is not a meeting possible? Ever, K. C.

IF AMBROSE M. has returned to England, M. H.
will be glad to hear from him. Address post-office, Richmond,
Surrey, S.W.
TO a SOLICITOR.—Many thanks for your kind
communication. Would you add to that kindness by communi¬
cating (of course in perfect confidence) your name and address?
MR. WALTER CLELAND.—If the gentleman of
that name, who called at Mr. Page's, ironmonger, Westminster¬
bridge-road, to make inquiries after Mr. Best's family, will call again,

ANY persons having had business transactions with
or holding funds or documents belonging to, the late MARY
MAGDALENA REICHLE, a native of Wurttemberg, who died in
December last, at 12, St. Clement's-inn-passage, in this city, are re¬
quested to COMMUNICATE with the Consul for Wurttemberg, at
Wurttemberg-house, Clapham-park, London, S. Any expenses will
be paid.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—To Hotel and Coffec¬
house Keepers.—ABSCONDED from Hull, on the 18th, charged
with felony, RICHARD BEGLIN, age 19, height 5 feet 3 inches, com¬
xion and hair dark, cut on bottom lip; WILLIAM HENRY
HUDSON, age 19, complexion and hair fair, height 5 feet 2 inches.
They arrived at the King's-cross Station at half-past 3 a.m. 19th inst.
The above reward will be paid by Mr. Raahauge, Fendal's Hotel,
New Palace-yard, Westminster, to any person giving such information
as shall lead to their apprehension. Information to Sergeant Palmer,
Detective Department, Scotland-yard, London.
LOST, a BUNCH of KEYS, all patent. Whoever
will bring them to 5, Gutter-lane, shall receive FIVE SHILLINGS
REWARD.
LOST, near Aldershott, on the 19th, a CIRCULAR
—
on taking the same to Messrs. Hatchard and Co., 187, Piccadilly, Lon¬

LOST WARRANT, for 1 hhd, brandy, in name of
J. Meade, marked JA with o under, 89 ex Wansbeck, from

same to Messrs. Webb and Sons, of 97, King William-street, shall be
REWARDED.
PURSE LOST, on Friday, the 20th, between the
Lyceum Theatre and Southampton-row, containing two rings and
some silver. Any one restoring the rings to 23, Southampton-row,
W.C., shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD as well as the con¬

TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the after¬
s
lington, a small, long-haired TERRIER BITCH, with black body,
and light head and legs. Whoever will bring the same to 24, Highbury
New-park, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—DROPPED, in a
CAB, that took a fare from Carlton-place to Glocester-crescent,

bring it to Mr. Key, stationer, Westbourne-place, Paddington, shall
receive the above reward.—March 21, 1863.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LEFT, on Wednesday

Railway, a BROWN PAPER PARCEL, about 9 inches square, tied
with string, addressed "C. C. Hammond, Esq., 31, Rood-lane," con¬
taining a parchment deed, of no value to any one but the owner. Who¬
ever will bring it to Mr. Hammond, 5, Eastcheap, shall receive the
above reward.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT his
HOME, on Thursday, March 19, a BOY, age 15, height 5ft. 4, fair
complexion, light straight hair, gray eyes, with mole on the back of his
neck, large front steeth, dressed in light-gray tweed suit and Scotch
cap, linen marked A. S—t. Information to be sent to Miss Nicholls,
Benbow-terrace, Shrewsbury, by whom the above reward will be paid
on restoration of the boy to his friends.
LOST CERTIFICATES.—Notice is hereby given,
that application has been made to the Auditor-General of the

scribed certificates of Five per Cent. Stock of said State, created by
the Act of 21st March, 1831, issued by the Bank of Pennsylvania (acting
as Transfer Agent of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania), in the
joint names of George Wiggins, of Furnival's-inn, London, Esq.,
Richard Hichens, of St. Ive's, Cornwall, Esq., and Charles Henry
Rhodes, of Denmark-hill, Surrey, gentleman, with benefit of survivor¬
ship, which certificates have been lost, viz.:—
No. 1,400, dated Nov. 4, 1839, for 4,000 dollars.
1,401, 5,000 0 0 0
9,000
And all persons are hereby called upon to show cause to the transfer
clerk at the Farmers' and Mechanics' Bank, in the city of Philadelphia,
why such duplicate certificates should not be issued.
COMERFORD and GIRDLER, Public Notaries,
No. 7, Tokenhouse-yard, London.
BANK of ENGLAND NOTES STOLEN.—The
public are CAUTIONED against receiving TWO TEN-POUND
BANK of ENGLAND NOTES, Nos. 12,718 and 12.720, dated 9th
October, 1862. Information to Mr. Henry English, Messrs. Penn and
Son's, Greenwich, S.E.
FOUND, on Monday last, a WATCH. The owner
can have it by describing it accurately, and paying the expense
of this advertisement. Apply, between the hours of 10 and 12, at
No. 139, Bond-street.
FOUND, on Wednesday evening last, in the vicinity
of Downham-road, Islington, a large HOUND. The owner can
have it by paying the expenses. Apply to Mr. Clarke, 93, St. John¬

BUNCH of KEYS FOUND, in Cannon-street, E.C.,
at 9 o'clock a.m., on March 21—11 keys on a brass ring. Apply

PROPERTY FOUND by POLICE OFFICERS at
WINDSOR.—On Monday last. March 16, the following ARTI¬
CLES of PROPERTY were FOUND on two men, who gave their
names as John Williams and George Roberts, of London, but who de¬
clined to give any further address, and who were apprehended by the
police while in the act of picking pockets, viz:—A silver-gilt lever
watch, with imitation gold chain attached; a chain similar to the
above : a new leather purse containing some gold and silver coin and
some mother-o'-pearl shirt buttons; a bunch of keys, and two pocket
handkerchiefs. The prisoners are remanded till Thursday next, the
26th inst, at 11 o'clock. Any person having lost any of the above articles
is requested to apply to the Superintendent, Police Station, Windsor.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—London, Brighton, and South
Coast Railway.—Notice is hereby given, that all PROPERTY
LEFT in any of the carriages, or on the premises of the Company
previous to the 1st January, 1862, will be SOLD by AUCTION, by Mr.
Peake, or otherwise disposed of, unless the same be forthwith claimed,
and all charges and expenses thereon paid.
Dated this 20th day of March, 1863.
FREDERICK SLIGHT, Secretary.
CHRIST CHURCH, SPITALFIELDS, Middle¬
sex.—Whereas several of the tombs and graves in the churchyard
of the said parish of Christ Church have become decayed and require
repair, and several of the gravestones and ledgers are broken and
illegible; notice is hereby given, that, unless the said tombs, graves,
gravestones, and ledgers, are, on before the 6th day of April next, re¬
paired thoroughly and substantially, the Churchwardens will, without
further notice, LEVEL or REMOVE such TOMBS, Gravestones, and
Ledgers, and fill up such graves, or do such other works in connexion
therewith, as they may be advised. —Dated this 24th day of February,


SUMERSET J. HYAM, Vestry Clerk.
No. 16A, Church-Street, Spitalfields, N.E.
(Second Publication.)
WE, the undersigned, do hereby give notice, that
FREDERICK ORLANDO TOMPSON DELMAR, lately
called and known by the name of Frederick Orlando Tompson, late of
Hyde-park-place, but now of Ruislip-park, Ruis ip, in the county of
Middlesex gentleman, has TAKEN on himself and ADOPTED the
SURNAME of "Delmar" in addition to the surname of "Tompson."
and that the said Frederick Orlando Tompson Delmar does now, and
will at all times hereafter, in all deeds and writings, and in all dealings
and transactions, and on all occasions whatsoever, use the names of
Tompson and Delmar as his proper surname; and further, that the
said Frederick Orlando Tompson Delmar has united the quarterings of
the arms of the family of Delmar, of the Netherlands, with his here¬
ditary arms of the family of Tompson. —Dated this 20th day of March,
1863. WRIGHT and VENN, Paper-buildings, Temple, London,
Solicitors for the said Frederick Orlando Tompson
Delmar.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP
heretofore subsisting between us, the undersigned, Zacharias
Finlay and Henry Wright, of No. 35, Monkwell-Street, in the city of
London, feather manufacturers and artificial flower makers, trading
under the name and style of FINLAY and WRIGHT, was on the 7th
day of March DISSOLVED by mutual consent. All debts due to or
from the firm will be received and paid by the said Henry Wright, who
intends to carry on the said business alone.—Dated this 18th day of
ZCHARIAS FINLAY,
March, 1863.
HENRY WRIGHT.
NOTICE.—The Habana Cigar Company CAUTION
all persons from assuming or using the name of the Habana
Cigar Company, or any colourable imitation thereof, as proceedings
will be taken by injunction in Chancery; and they respectfully inform
the public that their only establishments are at 48, Pall-mall, and
No. 104, Cheapside.
LOUIS SILBERBERG, Manager.
CAUTION.—CANTOR and Co., sponge importers,
caution druggists, perfumers, saddlers and vendors of sponges
against persons trading under similar names, or professing to have
been connected with them, their only warehouse being situate
No. 6, Houmdsditch (opposite Aldgate Church), established half a cen¬
tury, where all orders are requested to be addressed.
CAUTION.—FRANCESCO DRIOLI's MARA¬
SCHINO.—Whereas it has come to my knowledge, that certain
persons in England have for years past been in the habit of buying up
my empty bottles, and have latterly caused them to be made there in
imitation of mine, and have forged my seal and my label in order to
pass off their spurious liqueur as Maraschino of my manufacture, this
is to give notice to all persons so offending that I shall henceforth put in
force against them the provisions of an Act of Parlament called the
"Merchandize Marks Act of 1862," by indicting them for a misde¬
meanour, and causing them to be punished by fine and imprisonment.
Zara, Feb. 5, 1863.
F. DRIOLI.
CAUTION.—WYNAND FOCKINK's CURACAO
and other LIQUEURS.—Whereas it has come to my knowledge,
that certain persons in England have for years past been in the habit
of buying up my empty bottles, which bear my name on the punt, and
have forged my brand on the cork, my seal, and my label, in order to
pass off their spurious liqueurs as Curacao and other liqueurs of my
manufacture, this is to give notice to all persons so offending, that I
shall henceforth put in force against them the provisions of an Act of
Parliament called the "Merchandize Marks Act of 1852," by indicting
them for a misdemeanour, and causing them to be punished by fine
and imprisonment.
WYNAND FOCKINK, Amsterdam.
CAUTION.—PETER F. HEERING's CHERRY
CORDIAL or KIRSEBER.—Whereas it has come to my know¬
ledge, that certain persons in England have for years past been in the
habit of buying up my empty bottles, which have my name on the
shoulder, and have forged my brand on the cork, my seal, and my
label, in order to pass off their spurious liqueur as Cherry Cordial or
Kirseboer of my manufacture, this is to give notice to all persons so
offending that I shall henceforth put in force against them the provi¬
sions of an Act of Parlament called the "Merchandize Marks Act
of 1862." by indicting them for a misdemeanour, and causing them to
be punished by fine and imprisonment.
(Signed)
PETER F. HEERING, Copenhagen.
IFEBOAT SERVICES.—The Committee of the
Royal National Lifeboat Institution earnestly APPEAL to the
pablic for ASSISTANCE to enable them to meet the continued heavy
demands on the Institution's 123 lifeboat establishments. During the
past year 358 shipwrecked sailors have been saved by the Society's life¬
boats. Contributions are received by all the London and country
bankers, and by the Secretary, Mr. Richard Lewis, at the Institu¬

LONDON RIFLE VOLUNTEER BRIGADE.—
Colonel H.R.H. the Duke of CAMBRIDGE, Commander-in¬
Chief, &c., Lieut.-Colonel George Warde.—Entrance fee abolished.
Annual subscription (payable half-yearly), £1 1s. Cost of uniform,
£3 17s. 6d. Annual subscription of honorary members, entitling them
to the use of a range of 1,000 yards, within 20 minutes of Fenchurch or
Bishopsgate Stations, reduced to one guinea. Subscriptions become
due on the ist May. Recruits joining from the 1st April pay a sub¬
scription for the half-year ending 31st October.
By order.
A. T. EWINS. Capt. and Adjt.
Head-quarters, 8, Great Winchester-stree, E.C., March 14, 1863.
LIGHT HORSE VOLUNTEERS.—Arrangements
have been male for the FORMATION of a CAVALRY CORPS
in SURREY, under the honorary command of His Grace the Duke
of Manchester, and in connexion with his well-known Huntingdonshire
Light Horse, adopting the same scarlet uniform, &c. It is proposed
to make Wimbledon the centre for general musters of the corps, but
convenient local drill grounds will be selected for the convenience of
members at a distance. The cost of the outfit is about £15, and the
annual subscription will be £2 10s. Gentlemen willing to join or to
assist in furthering this object will please address Captain Baynes,
Coombe Wood, Kingston, S.W.
ST. GEORGE's RIFLES.—The THIRD ANNUAL
REGIMENTAL BALL will take place (by permission of Lieut.¬
Col. the Hon C. H. Lindsay, Commanding), at St. James's-hall, To¬
morrow, the 24th March, under most distinguished patronage. The
orchestra, consisting of 25 performers, will be selected from the first
quadrille bands in the kingdom, conducted by Mr. Haydn Millars,
Bandmaster of the Regiment. Ladies tickets, 10s. 6d. ; gentlemen's
tickets, 15s. (including supper, wine, and refreshments during the
evening)—may be obtained of the stewards, at the office, 39, Maddox¬
street, Regent-street; and of the Hon. Secretaries,
HENRY MATTHEWS, 30. Gower-street, W. C.
EDWARD BAXTER, 16, Cockspur-street, S.W.
FFAN ORTNER, 3, St. Jamca's-street, S.W.
