CAESAR J.—Yours received. WRITE again to

P.O.H— for three weeks more. Love to both.
CIPSEY.—I have had no letter up to this morning,
and shall go unless. I hear to the contrary. I trust to you.—
April 7th.
IF the YOUNG MAN who LEFT OXFORD on
Wednesday, at 2 o'clock, wishes to go to India his mother will
provide the outfit. —R. F. A. R.
MAY RETURN.—For the present pay your cousin
John a visit for a short time; they know nothing. Let me
you have gone to-day, and I will then write about arrangements.

BISHOP of LONDON's FUND.—The Committee
beg to ACKNOWLEDGE, with thanks, the RECEIPT,
through the Bishop of London, of £5 (note 36193), from S. E.—Office,
No. 46 a, Pall-mall, April 6, 1865.
TO SOLICITORS.—Should this MEET the EYE
of the SOLICITOR acting for Mr. John Peter Featherston,

Lsseeen
her mother in London, he is requested, on sight hereof, to COMMU¬
NICATE with Mr. Alfred Waldron, solicitor, Brentwood, Essex, as

NOTICE.—LEFT at 32, Grosvenor-place, on the
11th March, by seme persons unknown, a BOOKCASE, painted
white and gold; Notice is hereby given that the said bookease has been
deposited at the Pantechnicon, Motcomb-street, and unless it is
claimed on or before the 10th of June next, by the person to whom it

FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—MISSING, a
YOUNG GENTLEMAN, age 19, height 5 feet 8 inches, fair com¬
plexion, light hair, and blue eyes: fashionably dressed, wears a gold
chain, pin, studs, and watch ; very neat in his appearance. Left his
tutor's house at Lewes on the 17th March last, was at Brighton the
same evening, and subsequently on the 23d at Buxton, on the 24th at
Manchester, whence he took a ticket by the 2 a.m. train to Glasgow.
The young gentleman is of unsound mind. Information to Charles
Frederick Field (late Chief of the Metropolitan Detective Police),
No. 20, Devereux-court, Temple (Private Inquiry-office). His luggage
marked T. G. M.
LOST, on Saturday, the 1st inst., between 1 and 2
o'clock, in the park, near Albert-gate, a SKYE TERRIER, of a
tawny yellow colour; answers to the name fe
bring the same to 12, Queen's-gate-terrace, W., shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Tuesday last, a small DOUBLE GOLD
LOCKET, with a plain gold strap and buckle across it, and
containing hair and portrait. The finder is requested to return it to
Mr. Edington,
er,80, Baker-street, Portman-square, W., who will
give a liberal REWARD.
LEFT, in a CAB, which set down at 92, Glocester¬
crescent, Hyde-park, on the 4th, a DARK GREEN LEATHES
LADY's HAND BAG containing articles for tollet use. THIRTY
SHILLINGS REWARD, if brought to the above address.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on the 6th
April, near Pont-street, a. BABY's WHITE UNFINISHED
FROCK.. To be brought to 1, Grosvenor-crescent, Belgrave-square.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—WHITE SPITZ
BITCH LOST, on Tuesday morning, April 4, at the corner of
W.
teymour-street and Connann.

curly tail; answers to the name of "Kate." Whoever will bring her
to 31, Upper Brook-street, shall receive the above reward.
TO CABMEN.—ONE POUND REWARD.—
LEFT in  CAB, on Saturday evening, April 1, a BUNDLE of
SILVER-MOUNTED WHIPS and STICKS. Any person bringing
the same to 70, St. George's-road, Pimlico, shall receive the above uf
ward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—Bills of Exchange
Stolen or Lost.—TWO BILLS, dated the 3d March last, each for
£100, drawn by Messrs. Rothschild, Brothers, of Paris, on Messrs.
N. M. de Rothschild and Sons. London, in favour of Mr. J. Decone,
were, on the said 3d March, STOLEN or LOST in course of post. The
above reward will be paid on the same being brought to Michael
Abrahams, Esq., solicitor, 17, Gresham-street, Bank; or, if the same
be stolen, on conviction of the offender.
BILLS LOST, on the 6th inst., between the Bank
of London and the Oriental Bank Corporation.—Two Accepted
£1,000 Bills, Nos. 278, 279, drawn by Norton, Slaughter, and Co., of
New York, on the Bank of London, and endorsed by Norton, Slaughter
and Co., and by Richd. Bell and another to Paton and Co. Discount
brokers and others are cautioned against receiving the same, and who¬
ever will take them to the Bank of London shall receive FIVE
POUNDS REWARD.
SMALL BLACK and TAN ROUGH TERRIER,
with tan-coloured feet. Answers to the na o.
taewho brings it to 20, Duke-street, Westminster, shall be RE¬
WARDED.
FOUND, in Westbourne-grove, March 16, a BLUE
SKYE TERRIER DOG. If not owned in seven days, will be
SOLD. Apply at 15, Portobello-terrace, Kensington-park,W
ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD will be given to
any person who will produce THE TIMES NEWSPAPER, with
an advertisement headed "It is not generally known," &c. (or words to
that effect), relating to a depository for wills of living persons. Apply
to Mr. F. A. Lewis, solicitor, 257, Hackney-road, N.E.
NEXT of KIN.—RELATIONS WANTED, to
claim British and foreign properties, left without heirs at various
periods between 1740 and 1865.—Richards and Co., Clarendon-cham¬

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £38 15s. 7d. £3 per
Cent. Consolidated Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of the
Rev. THOMAS LEA, of Tadmarton, Oxfordshire, clerk, and the Rev.
JOHN MARRIOTT, of Bradfield, Berkshire, clerk, and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1854; Notice
is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to
the said Rev. Thomas Lea and the Rev. John Marriott, who have
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and
make out his claim thereto.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE (the
Principal Registry).—To GEORGE THOMEE, late of the
Jerusalem-house, High-Street, Poplar, in the county of Middlesex,
take notice that a CITATION has issued under seal of Her Majesty's
Court of Probate, dated the 5th day of April, 1865, whereby you,
George Thomee, are cited to appear within 30 days after the service
thereof, and accept or refuse letters of administration of the personal
estate and effects of Lucy Thomee, late of Jerusalem-house, Poplar,
in the county of Middlesex, the lawful wife of your son, George
Thomee, deceased, or show cause why the same should not be granted
to Fanny Neagle, wife of Edward Skillett Neagle, the natural and
lawful daughter of the said Lucy Thomee, deceased, with an intima¬
tion that in default of your appearance the said letters of administra¬
tion will be granted to the said Fanny Neagl.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
SARAH MITCHELL, widow, and SAMUEL THOMAS
MITCHELL, and CHRISTIANA MITCHELL, spinster, now or
lately residing in Australia. Take notice, that a CITATION has issued
under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated the 28th day of
February, 1865, whereby you Sarah Mitchell, as the lawful relict, and
you Samuel Thomas Mitchell and Christiana Mitchell, as the lawful
and only children of Samuel Mitchell, late of Wimborne Minster, in
the county of Dorset, deceased, are cited, within 30 days after service
thereof, to cause an appearance to be entered for you in the Principal
Registry of the said Court, and accept or refuse letters of administra¬
tion of the effects of the said deceased, or show cause why the same
should not be granted to Charles Brown Parkinson, as a creditor of
the said deceased, with an intimation that in default of your appear¬
ance the said letters of administration will be granted to the said
Charles Brown Parkinson.
CHARLES J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
CHURCH, PRIOR, and BIGG, 38, Southampton-buildings,
Chancery-lane, London.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 175.—Cove¬
(
house or Leigh Estate, Ashton Keynes, Wilts.— In the matter
of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given,
that on the application of HENRY TANNER, of Clifton, in the
county of Gloncester, gentleman, and THOMAS PEARCE BROWN,
of Chisledon, in the county of Wilts, gentleman, the Registrar of the
Office of Land Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar
months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible
TITLE all those HEREDITAMENTS called or known as the Cove¬
house or Leigh Estate, situate at the Leigh, in the parish of Ashton
Keynes, in the county of Wilts, containing 148a. 0r. 8p. or thereabout,
in the tenure or occupation of Ralph Stone and George Brain, respec
tively, and which hereditaments are delineated on the map, No. 175,
deposited by the applicants in the Office of Land Registry as part of
the description of the same, and therein edged with red. Together
with the mines and minerals under the same hereditaments. If any
person objects to, or desires to show cause against such registration, or
claims that the same should be subject to any conditions or reserva¬
tions, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability.
not already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered
on the Register with reference to such hereditaments, such person may
be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields,
at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar months
from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by
affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause against,
or to make such claims in respect of such registration. But any per¬
son desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in
writing, stating-the particulars thereof, and with his name and
address, thereto, in the Office of Land Registry before the
expiration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof otherwise he will be excluded from making the same. The said
map of the said hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land Registry
may be inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration
of the said three calendar months from the date hereof. —Dated this
8th day of April, 1865.
O D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
HENRY KINNEIR, Solicitor to the Applicants.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 188.—
Shortlands, Beckenham, Kent.—In the matter of the Act of
25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the
application of JOSEPH GURNEY, of Abingdon-street, in the city
of Westminster, Esq., the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry in¬
tends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the date hereof,
to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE all those HEREDITA¬
MENTS in the parish of Beckenham, in the county of Kent, contain¬
ing 8a. 3r. 12p. or thereabout, in the tenure or occupation of Ben¬
jamin Colls, and forming part of Shortlands estate, and which here¬
ditaments are delineated on the map, No. 188, deposited by the ap¬
plicant in the Office of Land Registry as part of the description of
the same, and therein edged with red, together with the mines and
minerals under the same hereditaments. If any person objects to,
or desires to show cause against such registration, or claims that the
same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any
particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved
or admited before the Registrar, should be entered on the Register
with reference to such hereditaments, such person may be heard at
the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time
before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or other¬
wise, to make such objection or to show cause against, or to make such
claim in respect of such registration. But any person desiring to make
such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the
particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the
Office of Land Registry before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from
making the same. The said map of the said hereditaments de¬
posited in the Office of Land Registry may be inspected at the said
office at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof. — Dated this 8th day of April, 1865.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
PATTISON and WIGG, 50, Lombard-street, E.C., Solicitors
t o the e etipi et
OXLEY's YEAST PRESSES.—In consequence of
the extensive sales of these machines, an attempt has been lately
made to suppress their manufacture and sale by allegations that they
were infringements of a former patent, but it was decided by Vice¬
Chancellor Wood, in the case of "Needham v. Oxley," that such
allegations were not founded on fact, and plaintiff's application to re¬
strain the further manufacture and sale of these presses was dismissed,
with costs against the said plaintiff. See The Times of March 28.—
Frome, 30th March, 1865.
METABOLICAL MACHINE. —LECTURE at the
Royal Polytechnic Institution. Dr. Bennett Gilbert will Play
his new Barcarclle and Galop every Wednesday and Saturday previous
to the above lecture.
WANTOPIED.—A NEW NAME for a NEW
INVENTION.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—T. S. and C. WYCHE
from 13, Sise-lane, to 31, Bush-lane, Cannon-street, E.C.
IN consequence of the Jewish Holydays, E. MOSES
and SON's ESTABLISHMENTS will be CLOSED on Tuesday
and Wednesday, the 11th and 12th inst., and re-opened on Thursday
morning, the 13th inst., at 7 o'clock.—E. Moses and Son, Minories and
Aldgate; New Oxford-street, corner of Hart-street; Tottenham-court¬
road, corner of Euston-road; also Bradford, Yorkshi,
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
—Confidential inquiries in England and the Continent.—London
offices, 13, Paddington-green, .
PRIVATE DETECTIVE OEFICE (established
1857, at 5, Church-court, Clement's-lane, Lombard-street), RE¬
MOVED to 13, Great Carter-lane, Doctors'-comm
Private, conn¬
dential, and important inquiries conducted by JOHN LEWIS, 17 years
an officer in the city of London police.
SWIMMING TAUGHT in six or eight lessons, no
matter what age or how nervous of water, for one guinea, by
Professor BECKWITH, the celebrated swimmer and teacher, who com¬
mences his eleventh year at the Lambeth Tepid Baths on Saturday
April 8th. His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales lately inspected
these baths, and highly approved of them. The professor holds testi¬
monials from the nobility, gentry, and head schools of London, and
from various educational establishments within 50 miles of London,
Open to other school engagements, and lessons at the baths any hour
of the day.
