NINA.—WRITE AGAIN.
IF G. B. will COMMUNICATE with his friend,
Gresham-street, London, all will be well.
IF the GENTLEMAN from the west of England,
who was about to purchase a small collection of speculative paint¬
ings, will COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Flack and Co., they will be
happy to treat with him for the same.—6, Hemmings-row, Charing¬
cross, W.C.
FIDES (North. £3.)—To hand—many thanks.
When you hear that E. is altogether missing you will understand
notification of Friday. Will you send me particulars? and if your
secretary will re-write E., and you will enclose, I shall be obliged.
Address to my country residence, where I shall be for the remainder of
this week.
FRIENDLESS and FALLEN. —London Female

ormatory Institution.—The COMMITTEE
gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the following DONATIONS in aid of
this mission of merey:—Anon., £5; a Thank-offering, 10s.—E. W.

LOST, the HALVES of FIFTY FIVE POUNDS
in BANK of ENGLAND NOTES, and £4 11s. in cash. The
finder shall be REWARDED by restoring the same to Mr. Hanson,
No. 3, Red Lion-square.
LOST, on Tuesday night, the 16th inst., a SPECI¬
FICATION relating to the BUILDING of a PUBLIC-HOUSE,
at the corner of Henry and Cotton streets, Limehouse, supposed to
have been left in the Bow and Stratford omnibus, which put down pas¬
sengers, at the Lyceum Theatre, at about a quarter past 7. Any one
bringing the same to Mr. Harris, architect, Archer-terrace, East India¬
road, shall be REWARDED for his trouble.—Dec., 1869.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LOST, about Raw¬
storne-street, Brompton, on Friday, 19th December, a large
BLACK DOG, half Newfoundland, with white on the chest and tail,
about three years old. Apply at 8, Ovington-square, Brompton
ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD.—LOST, on the
19th inst., at or near Gravesend, a SERPENT RING, with
Charms attached, two Lockets, one Bramah and two common Keys,
and small Silver Indian Coin. Apply to the housekeeper, 79, Mark-lane
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Friday, the
5th inst., from the neighbourhood of the Lyndhurst-road, Peck¬
ham, a curly-coated RETRIEVER DOG, all black: answers to the
name of "Captain." Whoever will bring him to Mr. Foster, sta¬
tioner, High-Street, Peckham, shall receive the above reward. This is
the second notice. No further reward will be offered, and whoever
may be found detaining the dog after this notice will be prosecuted.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. —LEFT in a CAB.
a large DOUBLE WHITE IVORY OPERA-GLASS, in black
case, lined with crimson satin, on Tuesday night, 16th inst. The cab
was taken by two ladies from 37, Glocester-place, to the Adelphi
Theatre. Whoever brings them to 10, Henrietta-Street, Covent-garden,
shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, at Cawnpore, in March, 1853, in the ruins
of Wheler's entrenchments, a large, chased GOLD WATCH
SEAL, with a bloodstone, engraved with the arms and crest of the
family of "Good" (Girlby and Oneby, co. Lincoln), viz:—Gu. à chev.
between three lions rampant, or crest on a ducal coronet, or an otter
passant argent. On proof of identity this seal will be delivered to any
member of the above named family, who may be entitled to receive it.
Communication to be made by letter to Capt. George Sim, R.E.
(Bengal), at the East India United Service Club, 14, St. James's¬
square, London.
BANK NOTES FOUND, at Mr. Sharp's, saddler,
Elizabeth-street south, Pimlico. Will be returned to owner on
giving a proper description and paying expenses.
METROPOLITAN POLICE OFFICE.—FOUND,

ceiver of stolen property, ONE ROSE¬
WOOD DRESSING-CASE LID, and key-hole inlaid with mother of
pearl, lined with scarlet velvet, looking-glass inside, with dark frame;
one rosewood writing-desk, lined with purple velvet, and an ivory pen¬
holder; one mahogany workbox, brass handle on top; one cash-box;
one teapot; one dagger and sheath; one sugar-basin; one milk jug,
all plated one plated waistbuckle, imitation sapphire and topez; one
gold ring, hair, set with pearls and garnets; one gold keeper; one gold
chain, cylinder pattern; one silver lever watch, compensation bulance,
jewelled in eight holes, plain open face, No. 2,199, maker G. Brinkman,
Union-street, Bishopsgate-street, on name plate, Brinkman, London, on
face ; one plated guard; one gold breast pinone watch-key; two foreign
coins; one pair silver sugar tongs; four pairs boots, one men's side
springs, one women's red tops, two children's lace; one alpacca um¬
brella, white bone handle ; one spirit-level; several new books, pens,
penholders, and pencils; also two gold mourning rings, one with hair,
engraved Jones, age and date of decease. Application to be made at
the P Division, Police Station, Carter-street, Walworth.
MAGENTA or ROSAINE.—In consequence of
certain prejudicial reports, G. SMITH begs to inform his friends
and the public that he has provisionally patented his process for manu¬
facturing this beautiful colouring matter, and that he does not inter¬
fere with any rights vested in other parties. Samples and price to be
obtained at the works, Stewart's-lane, Battersea-fields, Surrey.
INILINE DYES.—GIRARD's PATENT for IM¬
ROVEMENTS in PREPARING COLOURING MATTERS
DYEING and PRINTING.—The undersigned acknowledge having
INFRINGED this PATENT, by making and selling dyes manufac¬
tured according to Girard's process; and, in consideration of Messrs.
Simpson, Manle, and Nicholson withdrawing proceedings taken by
them against me for so doing, I hereby express my regret for having
thus invaded their rights, as sole vendors of these dyes, and declare
that I have discontinued to make or sell such dyes, and will not do so
during the term of the above mentioned patent. —Dated this 28th day
of November, 1862.
EDW. KEIGHLEY.
Witness—Charles Lees, solicitor, Bradfored.
CAUTION.—HYDNOPULT PATENTS. —Un¬
principled parties will infringe valuable inventions, and are now
palming on the public an infringement on the Hydropult Patent. This
is to notify, that said pirates and all persons using or vending this
article will, in due time, be prosecuted. No machine contained in a
bucket is the Hydropult. Every Hydropult has a trade label affixed,
as follows: "The Hydropult, a Portable Fire Annihilator and Garden
Engine. Griffith and Browett, manufacturers, Birmingham; Charles
P. Button, general agent; Vose's Patent;" and is sold at the uniform
rate of two guineas, complete, with 2½-feet suction and 3-feet delivery
hose, galvanized wire strainer, rose or sprinkler, and fire jet. It is an
easy matter to imitate the Hydropult in appearance, and thereby de¬
ceive the public; therefore this caution. The Hydropult weighs but
8 1bs., will throw 7 or 8 gallons of water per minute 50 feet when worked
by the power of one man. Has been recommended as an efficient fire
engine by the principal fire insurance companies of Great Britain.
Thomas Rivers, Esq., the eminent florist, and other well-known gentle¬
men, recommend it as an invaluable garden implement. J. Spencer,
Esq., Inspector of the Royal Society for the Protection of Life from
Fire, certifles to its efficiency in saving valuable property in Bayswater
from destruction. The city and provincial press accord to the invention
the utmost praise. All who purchase the Hydropult are satisfied with
its action, for it stands upon its own merit, advertising to do only what
it will do, and each machine guaranteed to be perfect.—Hydrorait¬
office, 27, Leadenhall-Street, London, E.C.; west-end office, £09, Re¬
gent-street, Polytechnic Institute Building. Illustrated prospectt
with testimonials, on application at either office.—CHARLES P¬
BUTTON, Proprietor
MYDROPULT OFFICE, 22, Leadenhall-Street,
London, E.C., and 309, Reger:-street, Polytechnic-building. The
Hydropult is a simnle gnective, and convenient apparatus for throw¬
ing water by halld. It weighs but eight pounds, is made of brass and
r-cepper, costs but two guineas, and will throw seven or eight gallons
of water per minute 50 feet when worked by the power of one man.
The Hydropult has been recommended as an efficient and useful fire
engine, by the principal Fire Insurance Companies of Great Britain.
Valuable property in Bayswater saved from destruction by the use the
Hydropult.—Read the following testimonial from T. Spencer, Esq.,
Inspector of the Firc'Escape Brigade
38, Portland-street, London W.C.
"Sir.—I am perfectly satisfied from the statement of Mr. Green, the
conductor of our fire-escape of Notting-hill, that a large amount of
valuable uninsured property was saved from destruction by the timely
and efficieut use of the Hydropult, which was fortunately on the ad¬
joining premises during the fire, which consumed the drapery establish¬
ment of Mr. Thomas, of No. 4, Coburg-place, Bayswater, on Friday
evening last. Your little engine was used most effectually in keeping the
roof of the adjoining house saturated with water, thereby preventing
the spread of the fiames, as the engines of the regular district fire
brigade did not arrive on the spot until more than one half hour after
the fire broke out.
"A fire, at its commencement, can readily be extinguished by means
of this little annihilator, and infinite service rendered in staying the
progress of the fiames during the interval which must elapse before the
fire engines can, under any circumstances, be brought into action.

"T. SPENCER, Inspector of the Royal Society for the
Protection of Life from Fire.
"Mr. Charles P. Button."
The Hydropult is invaluable, as a garden implement, and will throw
a spray of water 18 to 20 feet. Thomas Rivers, Esq., the eminent florist
and nurseryman says:—"The Hydropult is admirably adapted for
nurseries, and will be found invaluable for watering and syringing
plants and trees in pots." Merchants, factors, manufacturers, and the
public generally are respectfully invited to call and examine the merits
of this invention. Orders from the country promptly attended to, and
each machine guaranteed to be perfect. An illustrated prospectus,
with testimonials, sent free on application to Charles P. Button, pro¬
prietor, Hydropult-office, 27, Leadenhall-Street, London, E.C., or 309,

IN Her MAJESTY's COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To CHARLES ARCHIBALD
ARBENTROD, of No. 7, Elizabeth-terrace, New-cross, in the parish
Deptford, in the county of Kent, gentleman.—Take notice, that a
CITATION, bearing date the 20th day of November, 1862, has issued
under the seal of the above Court, at the instance of John Richard
Major, of No. 7, Laurie-terrace, New-cross, Deptford aforesaid, late a
ship's steward, but now out of business, citing you to appear in the said
Court within eight days from the service thereof on you, inclusive of
the day of such service, then and there to answer the petition of the
said John Richard Major, praying for a dissolution of his marriage
with Ellen Gale Major: and such citation contains an intimation that,
in default of your so doing, the said Court will proceed to hear the said
petition proved in due course of law, and to pronounce sentence therein,
your absence notwithstanding. — Dated this 12th day of December, 1862.
A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.

MARRIAGE LAW REFORM ASSOCIATION,
instituted for the exclusive object of Promoting the Passing of
an Act to render Lawful Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister.—
Information respecting the law applicable to these Marriages, in this
and foreign countries, may be obtained on application, personally or
by letter, at the offices of the Association; where may also be had
numerous publications, showing the opinions of eminent statesmen,
divines, and others, in favour of the repeal of the existing prohibition.
JOSEPH STANSBURY, M.A., Hon. Sec.
No. 21, Parliament-street, S.W., London, November, 1862.
CORN EXCHANGE, London.—Notice is hereby
given, the Corn Exchange will not be opened for business on
Friday next, the 26th December, 1862.	THOMAS LEVICK, Sec.
THE EXPORT of FOUL SALMON to FRANCE.
—FISHERIES PRESERVATION ASSOCIATION, 14, Regent¬
street, S.W.
Lord SALTOUN, President.
Lord LLANOVER, Vice-President.
SUBSCRIPTIONS are earnestly REQUESTED in aid of the funds
aable
of the above Association,
only to P. Hood, Esq., Treasurer,
No. 15, Lower Seymour-street, Portman-square, W.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, 20 Devereux-court
(established 1852), under the direction of CHARLES FREDE¬
RICK FIELD, late chief of the Metropoliton Detective Police. In¬
quiries made for noblemen, gentlemen, solicitors, railway and insur¬
ance companies. Agentsin Paris, Dublin, Edinburgh, Manchester,

TOYS direct from Germany, manufactured expressly
for this establishment. Just received, 500 cases, containing a large
assortment, at 5s. 6d., 10s. 6d., and 21s. per case.—CREMER, Jun.,
European Toy Warehouse, 210, Regent-street. Christmas toys and

PENNY TOYS.—Thousands in WHIBLEY's
GERMAN FAIR, 2, Westbourne-place, Bishop's-road, W. A 5s. 6d.,
7s. 6d., 10s. 6d., 18s. 6d., or 21s, box of assorted penny toys sent carriage
paid, on receipt of post-office order, to any railway station in England.
Lists of toys for one stamp. Cheapest depot in the world for toys, &c.
CHRISTMAS TOYS, Prize Toys, Prize Games,
dolls, dressed and undressed, dolls' houses and furniture, rocking
horses, carts, Punch shows and theatres, baby and nursery toys, with
numberless foreign productions and souvenirs of the International Ex¬
hibition for all ages.—At CREMER, Jun.'s, 210, Regent-street.
CAMES, Toys, Dolls.—An elegant variety of
DRESSED DOLLS, from 1s. to £2 2s.; cases of British and
foreign toys, 70 articles for 5s., 12s. worth for 10s. Address D. N.
HALSEY's English and foreign toy warehouse, 10, Edgware-road,
Hyde-park. A new show room now open for toys.
MOLLY FUN.—Five marvellous conjuring tricks
(Frickel's and other professors), and instructions for many more
in O'BRIEN's celebrated 1s. box of PARLOUR MAGIC. Post free
14 stamps. Cupid's Magic Cards, 7 stamps. How to Copy Portrait
&c., without apparatus, 7 stamps.—Mr. O'Brien, 1, Acton-street, W.C.
PHOTOGRAPHIC PRINTING.—To Publishers
and others.—Very low ESTIMATES furnished for the whole¬
sale supply of negatives, proofs, illustrations for books, &c., in every
size and style of work.—S. H. MUSGRAVE, Emmett-house, Hornsey¬
road, N.
THE COMIC PORTFOLIO.—Roars of laughter
and endless amusement created by the extraordinary and funny
contents of this portfolio. Sold at fancy repositories; or post free from
the inventor, Mr. Leech, 137, Pentonville-road, London, N. 14 stamps,

NOTICE to LITTLE LADIES.—DOLLS from the
Exhibition, dolls trousseaux, walking, talking, and crying dolls
and the most beautiful collection of dolls in Europe, dressed in every
variety of style, from materials purchased in the International Exhibl
ion.—At CREMER, Jun.'s, 210, Regent-street.
