N.—Ever the same. Wir ich ein Vogelein.
M.
WORSHIP of GENIUS.—WRITE to me, for
pity's sake write, at my sister's house in town.—GAZELLE.
WHITE MAYBORN.—SACRED LETTER,
August 16, RECEIVED; answered immediately as directed,
enclosing draft on Coutts. Anxiously waiting telegram. Reply Chuff.
IN Re HAYCOCKS, GREEN, and DICK.—By
mischance yours of 15th(has only reached me, 27th. Anyhow write
more and say where to write next.—Dick's Brother.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—MISSING, a GEN¬
TLEMAN, 6ft. lin, high, stout in proportion, moderately fair
complexion, hair brown and thin, a scar from a cut on the knuckle of
forefinger of left hand, a front tooth of upper jaw out, wore a black
wideawake, dark trousers, a dark loose coat, black waistcoat, or un¬
bleached linen, with brown studs, coloured knitted woollen socks, a
silver hunting watch without chain, white linen shirt or coloured
flanuel, black silk neckerchief or brown with a white spot; if any mark
on the linen it will be "W. G." Had a carpet bag, supposed to con¬
tain a change of clothes. He wrote a letter to his wife from Great
Yarmouth, dated August 10, 1864, stating he would be in London on
the following Saturday, since which time he has not been heard of.
The above reward will be paid to anyone giving such information that
will lead to the discoy
ote, y  Dr. Caldeleugh, 1, Queen's-crescent,
Prince of Wales-road, Haverstock-hill, London.
LOST, on the 26th ult., a BIBLE and PRAYER
(Bagster), maroon, in case; also a large Bible with the name of
Murley on the first page; also a small Book, called "Thoughts of
Peace," with the initials C. H. from C. B. on the cover. Any one
bringing the above or any portion to Mr. Procter, 89, Chiswell-Street,
E.C., shall be liberally REWARDED.
LOST, on leaving a King's-cross omnibus, in the
London-road, Southwark, on Monday evening, the 29th inst., a
small LEATHER PURSE, containing a £5 note and four sovereigns,
and a receipt from the General Annuity and Endowment Association.
Whoever will bring the same to 36, West-square, Southwark, shall

DOG LOST—a small White Bull Terrier; tail cut,
nose white. Answers to name of Pincher. Had address on
If brought to porter's lodge, at Christ's Hospital, TEN
SHILLINGS REWARD will be given.
TO CARMEN.—ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD.—
LEFT in a Hansom CAB, on Sunday afternoon, between Pelham-¬
crescent stand and Clapham-common, a BROWN OVERCOAT,
with velvet collar Whoever will bring the same to 45, Brompton-¬
crescent, shall receive the above reward.
MISSING, a BANKER's RECEIPT for one J
SHARE in EAST INDIAN RAILWAY, No. 1,330. Address
E. L., care of Mr. Cosier, bookseller Uxbridge.
FOUND, Aug. 24th, near the Burlington-arcade,
THREE FIVE POUND NOTES. The owner can receive them
on giving the numbers and paying for advertisement. Apply at 533, Ox¬
ford-street, W.C.
NOTICE.—To Mr. M. REUTER, late of 6, Alfred¬
place, Bedford-square.—If the charges on the CASES WINE
and BRANDY, left by you in our warehouse, are not paid, and the
goods taken away within 30 days from the date of this advertisement,
they will be SOLD to defray expenses.—Wilkinson and Dawson, 67,
Lower Thames-street, London, August 30th, 1864.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £190 14s. 4d. Consoli¬
dated 3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of BEN
NICHOLS, of Farnham, Surrey, Esq., and which was transferred to
the said Commissioners in consequence of the Dividends thereon having
remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1854; Notice is hereby given
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to the said Ben
Nichols, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall

IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—The SARAH HORNE.—No. 2.308. —(L.S.) Whereas a
cause of bottomry has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty
of England, on behalf of Messrs. Melly, Forget, and Company, of
Liverpool, in the county of Lancaster, merchants, the legal holders
of a bottomry bond on the brig or vessel Sarah Horne, her cargo and
freight, against the said vessel, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and
the cargo now or lately laden therein, together with the freight due
for the transportation thereof, now lying in the Coburg Dock, at
Liverpool aforesaid, under arrest by virtue of a warrant issued from
the Registry of the said Court, and no appearance on behalf of the
owners of the said vessel, or any others interested therein, has been
entered in the said cause.—This is to give notice, to all persons who
have or claim to have any RIGHT. Title, or Interest in the said
VESSEL, Sarah Horne, that if an appearance in the said cause be not
entered in the Registry of the said Court, within six days from the pub¬
lication of this notice, the Judge of the said Court will order the said
vessel to be sold to answer the claims instituted, or to be instituted
against the same, or make such order in the premises as to him shall
seem right. —Dated the 29th day of August, 1864.
H. C. ROTHERY, Registrar.
Notice of Sale of Ship taken out by Pritchard and Sons, 18, Great
Knightrider-street, Doctors'-commons, London, Agents for Bateson,
Robinson, and Morris, Liverpool.
NORSEY's PATENT TOBACCO POUCHES.—
The patentee having obtained, on the 27th of August inst., of
Her Majesty's Solicitor-General, a "Disclaimer of a Certain Part of the
Title, and a Disclaimer and Memorandum of Alteration of Certain
Parts of the Specification" of Letters Patent for the invention of "Im¬
provements in Indiarubber and other Pouches, and in Elastic Bands
or Ring Fastenings for Pouches," bearing date the 21st day of April,
1858, No. 876, notice is hereby given to all manufacturers, dealers in
and seliers of tobacco pouches, that proceedings in law will be taken
against all persons infringing the said letters patent. —Dated this—
day of August, 1864. PRICHARD and COLLETTE, 57, Lincoln's¬
inn-fields, Solicitors to the Patentee.
CAUTION—HARRIS'sSPECTACLES.—THOMAS
HARRIS and SON CAUTION the publicagainstpersonsusingtheir
name. Their business (established 1780) is solely conducted at 52, Great
Russell-street, opposite the British Museum-gate, where only can be
had their celebrated spectacles, opera and field glasses. No travellers
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road City-road, viz.:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
CAUTION.—The ACHROMATIC SPECTACLE
LENSES REGISTERED by S. and B. SOLOMONS, optician
to the Government, 24th December, 1863, No. 4,610, are only to be had
at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly. "The great advantage and benefit
derived from the use of these lenses need no comment."—Vide Sir
David Brewster on Opties, page 57, and Sir William Herschel, page 22.
CROQUET.—Captain Mayne Reid versus the Earl
ofEssex and another.—CAUTION.—By a Decree of the High
Court of Chancery, made by His Honour Vice-Chancellor Sir Richard
Torin Kindersley, at Southampton, on the 25th day of August, 1864, in
a certain cause, wherein Mayne Reid (commonly known as Captain
Mayne Reid) was plaintiff, and the Right Honourable Arthur Alger¬
noo, Earl of Essex, and Emily Faithfull were defendants, it was
ordered by consent that a perpetual INJUNCTION issue against both
the said defendants to restrain them respectively from publishing, &c.
a certain book or treatise called "The Rules of Croquet, Revised and
Corrected by an Old Hand "(the same being an infringement of the
plaintiff's copyright in a work called "Croquet," published for him by
Mr. Skeet, of King William-street, Charing-cross); and that all cones
remaining unsold of "The Rules of Croquet, Revised and Corrected by
an Old Hand," be delivered up to the plaintiff to be destroyed, and
that the defendant, the Earl, of Essex, do pay to the plaintiff
the sum of £125 by way of compensation for injury occasioned by such
infringement as aforesaid, together also with all costs of suit:—Notice is
hereby given therefore, that the said Mayne Reid is the sole author of
and also the sole proprietor of the copyright in his said work called
"Croquet," and that be will immediately adopt proceedings at law or
otherwise as he may be advised against any person or persons who may
be guilty of any infringement of such copyright. — Dated this 30th day of
August, 1864. PARKE and POLLOCK, 63, Lincoln's-inn-fields,
London, Solicitors for Captain Mayne Reid.
THE MMURDO TESTIMONIAL FUND.—
Messrs. Coutts and Co. have kindly consented to receive SUB¬

THE NE W CLUB (Lamited).
COMMITTEE.

Lord MUSKERRY, Chairman.
Admiral Sir Alexander Arbuthnott
Lord Nigel Kennedy

Captain Knollys


Dr. Beattie
Viscount Malden.
Hepworth Dixon, Esq.
Sir T. G. A. Parkvns, Bart.
Major-General Downing
E. D. Rayment, Esq.
This Club, which, at the suggestion of a large number of members, it

The Prince of Wales's Club," will be
crected (on the scale of the Carlton and Reform Clubs), in the
immediate vicinity of Pall-mall. Several new features, conducive to
the comfort and accommodation of the members, will be introduced,
including a strangers' room and an extensive suite of sleoping
spartments.
The temporary Club-house, in Albemarle-street, is now open for the

Forms of application for membership may be obtained of the Secre¬
tary, at the temporary Club-house, 43 and 42, Albemarle-street, W. ; or

NOTICE.—Mr. WATHERSTON (late of Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden) begs respectfully to inform the nobility
and gentry that his late partnership having been dissolved, he now
carries on the same system of business at 12, Pall-mall east, adjoining
the National Gallery, under the firm of Watherston and Son.
JOHN BROGDEN, of 16, Henrietta-street, Covent¬
garden, finding some of his customers think the business is removed,
respectfully informs them that this is not the case, he having pur¬
chased the goodwill, and the whole of the valuable stock, and that all the
workmen remain at the old premises. He takes this opportunity of
returning his warmest thanks and acknowledgments for the kind

CHOCOLAT-MENIER.—Notice of Removal.—The
public and others are respectfully informed that the LONDON
BRANCH HOUSE is REMOVED from the temporary addresses,
No. 119, Chancery-lane and 61, King's-cross-road, to 23, Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden, W. C., where all orders should be sent.
THE PANTECHNICON, Motcomb-street, Bel¬
grave-square, has no connexion with any other building assuming
the same title.
GERMANY.—Inquiry for Ladies' School.—The ad¬
vertiser will feel obliged by INFORMATION of a first-rate
SCHOOL in GERMANY (where high-born German ramilies place their
daughters), where critical musical science (as at the Leipzig Conserva¬
torfum) is afforded to advanced pupils, and where the table and other
domestic appointments are satisfactory. Address Mrs. A. M.,
No. 24, Ludgate-street.
NENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, 5, Hen¬
rietta-street, Covent-garden, W.C. Under medical direction.
Lady Superintendent—Mrs. NIKEL.
Secretary—T. Hamilton, Esq.
The object of this Institute is to present to the public, under medical
supervision, a class of nurse fit for every emergency connected with the
sick room, both medically and surgically.
To bring together highly respectable nurses for the lying-in chamber,
to facilitate the acquisition of wet nurses of good constitution, and
those who are adapted for the bringing up of infants who may be de¬

The next department will consist of fever nurses (separated from
others), who will undertake the management of all contagious diseases,
and further to provide respectable persons to wait upon chronic in¬
valids, thoee addicted to habits of intemperance, or suffering from any
temporary or sudden aberration of intellect; and lastly, it is intended
to carry out a communication between nurses arriving from India and
the Colonies (natives and others), and thus to provide families with
proper attendants for distant voyages.
skilled nurses will be forwarded to all parts of England upon the par¬
ticulars of the case being supplied to the Secret
or the Superin¬
tendent.
By order, T. HAMILTON, Secretary.
GENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, 5, Hen¬
rietta-street, Covent-garden, W. C.—NURSES (duly certificated
by the medical officer), Monthly and Wet Nurses, sick, surgical, invalid,
fever or for sudden emergencies, can be obtained immediately from

By order, T. HAMILTON, Secretary.
CROQUET MANUFACTORY.—CROQUET,
15s., 18s., 21s., 25s., 30s., 40s., 60s., 73s. 6d., 95s. Every set
warranted. The rules and laws are most concise, and every attention
is paid to render these gamee worthy of public patronage.—WILLIAM
CREMER, Jun., 10, Bridge-street, Westminster.
CROQUET.—Season 1864.—OROQUETS of the
best design and fnish. Croquet, of good seasoned wood, at the
lowest remunerative prices. Croquet Rules, new edition, concise and
complete. Croquets, wholesale, retail, and for exportation, of maker,

CROQUET.—One Guinea.—The STAR CROQUET,
manufactured exclusively by BERNARD and Co.; only to be ob¬

London. Complete set of newest design and superior finish sent,

ssugerseethesem

position; and Messrs. Bernard notify that hereafter prompt legal pro¬
ceedings will be instituted against any infringeme
RCHERY.—A lady's equipment, 21s. ; a gentle¬
eeseesses

eee
Beessaanssenceeen,

spur-street. Charing-cross, near the railway station. Lists or catalogues

DECALCOMANIE.—Ph. MARTIN, 18, Great
Portandseet, W., sole agent in London to M. Larcher, of
Paris, has now on sale beautiful designs by Boulant, Dupuy, Maric
Tostu. Messin, Gurard, &t.: and at No. 1 countor, Sobo Basaar.
