C. A. not having heard of G. S. B. since Loch
Alsh, will be glad to hear.—A— HALL.
TO B.—Where are you? and where will you be in
five weeks hence?
N INDIGNANT SHAREHOLDER, who for¬
warded a price list to a director last week, is requested to say
how a letter can reach him. Strictest confidence observed.
LE 34. —Before departure for contment be sure and
send parcel sealed to one of the three. Tell friend always to
remember that letters may be opened at frontier.
GD. KIRCHNER (German), died at King William's
Town, Cape of Good Hope, 1863. His WIDOW and DAUGH¬
TER are said to have returned to England. They are requested for
their own advantage to give INFORMATION of their RESIDENCE
to the deceased's brother, Dr. Kirchner, Gresfowald, Prussia.
LOST, on Saturday last, a BUNCH of KEYS, either
in a Clapham omnibus, Regent-street, or a short distance beyond
Peter Robinson's, Oxford-street. If taken to 191, Strand, the finder
shall receive FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, at the stalls of Her Majesty's Theatre, on
Saturday, a LADY's ENAMELLED and JEWELLED COMB.
The owner will reward any person bringing the same to 11, Clifton¬

LOST, on the 25th, at the Olympic Theatre, or on
leaving, or dropped in the cab which took three ladies to Messrs.
Allen's Riding School, Seymour-place, a large GOLD LOCKET at¬
tached to a small neck chain, also a smallicross on same. The locket
contains a photograph of a gentleman. The finder is earnestly en¬
treated to return the same to the Messrs. Allen's riding school.
THREE GUINEAS REWARD. No further reward will be offered.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST, on Monday,
the 25th inst., the ONYX STONE of a SIGNET RING, engraved
with owner's arms and crest—lion rampant holding fiour de lis. The
finder can have the above reward by restoring it to Messrs. Hasluck,
Brothers, 104. Hatton-garden.
FOUND, in a cab, on Thursday evening last, an
OPERA-GLASS, in a case. Will be restored on identification.—
E. E. C., 3. Cromwell-place, South Kensington, S.W.
FOUND, in the N.W. distriet, a SKIN RUG. The
owner can have the same returned by sending full description to
D. H., care of Mr. Hart, 169, Fleet-street, E.C.
FOUND, and brought to the Temporary Home for
Lost and Starving Dogs, a fine BLACK RETRIEVER. Apply
to the Keeper, at the Home, Hollingworth-street, St. James's-road,
Holloway.
ae
FOUND last week, by a shoeblack of York-place
Ragged School Society, a FIVE-POUND NOTE. Also, pre¬
viously, by another boy, a £10 Note. Apply to the Hon. Sec., 16, York¬
place, Adelphi.
BEAUCLERK.—If Miss CHARLOTTE BEAU¬
CLERK, formerly of Brook-street, London, and god-daughter
of Miss Mary Carter who died in the year 1812, or the legal personal
REPRESENTATIVES of the said Charlotte Beauclerk, should she
be dead, will apply at the undersigned, she or they will hear of SOME¬
THING to her or their ADVANTAGE. — Dated this 26th day of No¬
vember, 1867.
BRUNDRETT. MARTIN, RANDALL, and GOVETT,
olicitors, Temple, London.
TO the SOCIETY for the EDUCATION of
CHILDREN of DEBTORS.—Take notice, that Madame
TILDESLEY DE BOSSET, formerly of Ford's Hotel, Manchester-¬
street, Manchester-square, but late of Holles-street, Cavendish-square,
both in the county of Middlesex, widow, by her will, dated the 21st
day of July, 1852, GAVE and BEQUEATHED to "The Society for the
Education of the Children of Debtors, for the benefit of that Institu¬
tion, Five Hundred Pounds;" that the said Madame De Bosset died
on the 20th of February last, and her said will, with two codicils, was
proved by the surviving executor thereof, on the 30th of March last, in
the Principal Registry of Her Majesty's Court of Probate. And take
further notice, that unless the Secretary, or other proper officer, of the
said Society or Institution shall, on or before the 18th day of January,
1868, duly establish the claim of the said Society or Institution to the
said legacy to the satisfaction of Mr. C. B. Dryden, of No. 15, Lin¬
coln's-inn-fields, London, the acting executor of the said will intends
to pay the said legacy into the Court of Chancery, under the Act of
Parliament of the 22d and 23d Victoria, cap. 35, intituled "An Act to
further Amend the Law of Property and to Relieve Trustees."
C. B. DRYDEN, Solicitor to the Acting Executor.
Witness—H. Starling, clerk to Mr. Dryden.
WHEREAS RICHARD GOODWIN MARNER,
late of No. 313, Oxford-street, in the county of Middlesex.
coachbuilder, deceased (who carried on business under the style of
"Laurie and Marner," and who died on the 6th day of March, 1866),
by his will, dated the 5th day of March, 1866, among other bequests
bequeathed as follows:—"I bequeath a sum of £10 to each of the
WORKMEN who shall be employed by me in my business at my
decease;" and whereas by a Decree of the High Court of Chancery,
made in a cause of "Marner v. Selby" being a suit for the admi¬
nistration of the estate of the said Richard Goodwin Marner, an
account was directed to be taken of the legacies given by the testator's
will, and by an order dated the 6th day of May, 1867, an inquiry was
directed as to what workmen were employed by the said testator in
his business at his decease ; and whereas a list, with the names of all
such workmen as have been already shown to be entitled to such legacy,
can be seen at the office of Mr. George Evan Thomas, the plaintiff's soli¬
citor, No. 31, St. James's-square, Pall-mall, Middlesex;—Now all persons
not included in such list, who CLAIM to be entitled to the said
LEGACY of £10 each, or the legal personal representative or repre¬
sentatives of such of them as have died since the decease of the said
testator, are, by their solicitors, on or before the 23 day of December,
1867, to come in and prove their claims at the chambers of the Vice¬
Chancellor Wood, No. 11, New-square, Lincoln's-inn, in the county of
Middlesex; or, in default thereof, they will be peremptorily excluded
from the benefit of the said decree and order. Monday, the 13th day
of January, 1868, at 12 o'clock at noon, at the said chambers, is ap¬
pointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims. —Dated this
13th day of November, 1867.
HY. LEMAN, Chief Clerk.
GEORGE EVAN THOMAS, 31, St. James's-square,
Pall-mall, Middlesex, Plaintiff's Solicitor.
IN the Affairs of DANIEL MASKELL, deceased.—
Notice is hereby given, that DANIEL MASKELL, late of Tatters¬
hall, in the county of Lincoln, gentleman (who died on the 12th day of
August, 1867), by his will, proved in the Lincoln District Registry of
Her Majesty's Court of Probate on the 22d day of October now last
past, by John Hodgson, of Sausethorpe, and John Brackenbury, of
Wood Enderby, both in the said county of Lincoln, farmers, gave and
bequeathed the following LEGACIES, that is to say, "the sum of £40
equally between and amongst all the children of his late sister Ann, the
wife of Jarvis Spencer, of Baumber, in the said county of Lincoln,
blacksmith; the sum of £90 equally between and amongst all the chil¬
dren of his late brother Thomas Maskell, late of Langrick Ferry, in
the same county, labourer, deceased the sum of £50 equally between
and amongst all the children of his wife's brother John Jackson, late of
New York, near Coningsby, in the said county of Lincoln, farmer; the
sum of £30 equally between and amongst all the children of his wife's
sister Rebecca, the wife of Henry Vinter, of Tumby Allotment, in
Wildmore Fen, in the said county of Lincoln, farmer; the sum of £40
equally between and amongst all the children of his wife's brother Pask
Jackson, late of Wood Enderby, in the said county of Lincoln, but now
of No. 13, Willow-place, Saint Peter's-road, Mile-end, Stepney, in the
county of Middlesex, gentleman; and the sum of £40 equally between
and amongst all the children of his wife's sister Elizabeth, the wife of
William Padley, formerly residing in London, butcher, deceased." All
persons claiming to be entitled under the bequests befere mentioned,
and all creditors and other persons having any claims or de¬
mands upon or against the estate of the said Daniel Maskell, are
requested to send particulars thereof to me, the undersigned, on or be¬
fore the 6th day of April next; after which day the said trustees and
executors will proceed to distribute the assets of the said deceased
among the parties entitled thereto, having regard only to the claims of
which they shall then have had notice ; and the said trustees and
executors will not be liable for the assets so distributed, or any part
thereof, to any person of whose claim they shall not then have had
notice. —Dated this 21st day of November, 1867.
LANGLEY JOS. BRACKENBURY, Solicitor,
Alford and Tattershall
NEXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c.—A.
REGISTER, containing the names of all persons who have been
advertised for to claim property since 1749. 2s.; post free 25 stamps.—
DOUGAL and Co., 58, Che

NORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT
DISTRICT.—PARISH of ST. MARGARET and ST. JOHN,
WESTMINSTER.—I the undersigned J. H. Mitchiner, Auditor of
the abovenamed district, do hereby give notice that I have appointed
the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the parish of St. Margaret and
St. John, Westminster, for the half-year ended 29th of September, 1867,
to commence on Wednesday, the 11th day of December next at 10 o'clock
in the forenoon, at the Workhouse. Petty France, when and where all
persons who by law are bound to account at such audit are required to
attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers, con¬
taining or relating to the accounts or to moneys assessed for, and ap¬
plicable to, the relief of the poor. —Dated the 26th day of November,
1867.
J. H. MITCHINER. District Auditor.
PARISH of CRANFORD, Middlesex.—Notice is
hereby given, that the Vestry of the parish of Cranford, as the
Sewer Authority acting under and by virtue of the Sewage Utilization
Act, 1865, under the Sanitary Act of 1866, intend to APPLY to one of
Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in pursuance of the pro¬
visions of such statutes, &c., for POWERS to TAKE a certain PIECE
of LAND, not exceeding one acre, part of a meadow near Cranford-¬
bridge, in the said parish of Cranford, in the occupation of William
Francis, and belonging to Lord Fitzhardinge, for the purpose of
erecting thereon the necessary works for carrying out the provisions
of the beforementioned Act; and that a plan of such land and works
may be seen any day, at any time between the hours of 10 in the fore¬
noon and four in the afternoon, at the house of William Francis,
blacksmith, near Cranford-bridge. CLARK and RUSTON,
Brenfford, t e e.
 1867.
icitors to the said Authority.
NOTICE of CHANGE of SURNAME.—I,
GEORGE HAMATON, of 186, Strand, in the county of Middle¬
sex, and of Gadbridge-farm, Bray, in the county of Berks, do hereby
give notice, that from and after this date I shall adopt and USE the
SURNAME of HAMILTON, in lieu of that of Hamaton.—Dated
this 26th day of November, 1867.	GEORGE HAMILTON.
Witness— William Thistlethwaite, Solicitor,
15, Lincoln's-inn-fields.
CAUTION.—The LORD STANLEY is a made-up
SCARF for gentlemen, manufactured and sold, wholesale only,
by LLOYD and ATTREE, of 32 and 33, Wood-street, London, and
each scart bears their Trade Mark, an Octagon, with "Nogatco" in
centre. The public is cautioned against infringement, as the full
penalties will in all cases be
enforcec
TRADE MARK.—The public is CAUTIONED
against imitations of our Octagon Trade Mark, with "Nogatco"
in centre, which is our exclusive property in the manufacture and sale
of scarfs, ties, shirts, and coliars. The full penalties of "The Mer¬
chandise Marks Act, 1862," will be enforced in case of piracy.
LLOYD and ATTREE, 32 and 33, Wood-street. London.
CAUTION.—The LORD STANLEY COLLAR
for gentlemen, manufactured and sold, whole sale only, by
LLOYD and ATTREE, of 32 and 33, Wood-street, London, and
each collar bears their Trade Mark, an Octagon, with "Nogatco" in
centre. The public is cautioned against infringement, as the full penal¬
ties will in all cases be enforced.
CAUTION.—FOREIGN VINEYARD ASSOCIA¬
TION (Limited), Joint-Stock Wine Company, established 1854.—
The Directors, having learnt that letters intended for the Association
have miscarried, hereby give notice that this Company has no con¬
nexion with any other establishment, and particularly request that all
orders and remittances be addressed to W. H. Palmer, Esq., Manager,
at their new offices, 200, Regent-street, W.
HEEL of LIFE or ZOETROPE.—Notice.—It
having come to our knowledge that some parties are offering
this optical instrument for sale, this is to give notice that such instru¬
ment has been secured by Royal Letters Patent, and that we have
been appointed SOLE LICENCEES for the same; and all persons
selling such instruments other than those manufactured by us will be
immediately proceeded against.—LONDON STEREOSCOPIC and
PHOTOGRAPHIC COMPANY, 54, Cheapside, and 110, Regent¬
street, Nov. 25th, 1867.
PUBLIC NOTICE.—The Society of Arts having
awarded their silver medal and prize of 20 guineas to PARKINS
and GOTTO, of 25, Oxford-street, for their 2s. WRITING-CASE, for
its utility, durability, and cheapness (and of which 500,000 have been
sold), the public are hereby CAUTIONED against various imitationg
of the same, none being genuine unless stamped "Parkins and Gotto,
with a crown above. The Postmaster-General permits this particular
case to pass through the post for four stamps extra.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—FAGG, BROTHERS,
Bootmakers, have REMOVED to 29, Haymarket, opposite
Jermyn-Street, S.W. Close at 2 o'clock on Saturdays.
NOTICE.—Whereas it has come to our knowledge
that some evil-disposed person has maliciously circulated a
REPORT that we have DISCONTINUED our BUSINESS as photo¬
graphers and miniature painters, and have been succeeded therein by
others; we hereby give notice that such statements are utterly WITH¬
LOUT FOUNDATION, and that our business is carried on as hereto¬
fore at 178, Regent-street, London, and 109, King's-road, Brighton.—
Signed, S. R. LOCK. G. C.
WHITEIEE
MOLBORN VALLEY IMPROVEMENTS.—
Notice of Removal.—Z. SIMPSON and Co., silkmercers and
linendrapers, premises, Nos. 48, 49, 50, and 53, Farringdon-street,
being required by the Corporation of London, they have REMOVED
to their temporary place of business, No. 66, Farringdon-street, where
business is now resumed; and having had during the recent cessa¬
tion of business unusual opportunities for completing several most fa¬
vourable purchases, can offer a large, new, and well-selected Stock, at
prices considerably under the usual average.—Z. Simpson and Co., 66,
Farringdon-street, city.
SIMPSON and Co. (late of 48 49, 50, and 53,
Farringdon-street), have RESUMED BUSINESS in their tem¬
porary premises, No. 66, Farringdon-street, and in addition to the
above (in consequence of the limited time allowed by the City Corpora¬
tion for the sale of the stock), now offer the entire remaining portion
in former premises, amounting to upwards of £10,000, at the greatly
reduced prices at which it was marked during the week of sale.—Z.
Simpson and Co., 66. Farringdon-street, city.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Z. SIMPSON and Co.,
silkmercers and linendrapers premises, 48, 49, 50, and 53, Far¬
ringdon-street, being required for city improvements by the Corpora¬
tion of London, they have now RESUMED BUSINESS at their tem¬
porary premises, 66, Farringdon-street, city.
