. L.—Namur to Denmark. Should like to see you
e

LICE. —Received two letters; last too late. Your
plan is good. Trust you. Godmother is living in London;
tielde n o e herGEORGE.
DEC. 6.—Yours received. Doncaster Races. Good.
Send me a larger photograph next time. Another notice will
appear on Saturday.
IF MORTON and HARVEY COLEMAN, sons of
Capt. Thomas Coleman, who die in Demerara in or about the
year 1849, will APPLY, by letter, to Mr. G. W. Parker, Vine-cottage.
Hayes, Middlesex, they will hear of something to their advantage.
LEGACY.—If Mr. JOHN METHERALL, formerly
f Budock, near Falmouth (or his representatives) will APPLY
to Messrs. R. O. Hooper and Daniel Jeffery, Whites' Grounds, Ber
mondsey, London. S.E., he will hear of something to his advantage.—
8th December, 187.
ST. AGNES PRIVATE HOSPITAL for the ILL
FALLEN

HANKS the ANONYMOUS DONOR of a Bank Note for TWENTY
POUNDS.
THE ROYAL NATIONAL HOSPITAL for CON¬
SUMPTION, Ventnor. Patron, Her Majesty the QUEEN.—
The General Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RE¬
CEIPT of FORTY GUINEAS from the Rev. F. E. Wigram, in
repl y t o th e e
appeal for £1,000 to meet liabilities due at
Christmas.—ERNEST MORGAN, Secretary.— Office, 12, Pall-mall, S.W.
NATIONAL REFUGES for HOMELESS and
DESTITUTE CHILDREN and CHICHESTER and ARE¬
THUSA TRAINING SHIPS.—The Committee beg to ACKNOW¬
LEDGE, with much thankfulness, the RECEIPT of £15 from Her
Imperial Highness the Crown Princess of Germany and Prussis, in ald
of the funds for the support of the 1,000 boys and giris in these
Refuges and Ships.— WILLIAM WILLIAMS, Secretary. 8, Great
Queen-street, Holborn, W.C.
LOST, on Friday evening, Dec. 3, between King¬
street and Oakley-square, a GOLD WATCH. Whoever will take
the same to 33, Oakley-square. N.W., shall be well REWARDED.
LOST, on Tuesday, Dec. 7, in a cab, between Beau¬
mont-street and Bedford-square, a SMALL, RED BAG, con¬
taining a gold locket and other articles. Apply to C. B. Dalton, Esq.,
at St. Michael's Vicarage, Highgate.
LOST, on Friday last, December 3, at the Princess's
Theatre, a BRACELET in GOLD LINKS, set with amethysi
N.
an amethyst heart.
har. O  
REWARD will be paid to the finder, at Mr. Mitchell's Library, 33, Old
Bond-street.
LOST, on Monday, December 6th, between 4 and 5
o'clock p.m., at Peter Robinson's, a FOX TERRIER, perfectly
wnite, with small specks of very light brown on the ears; dew claws
on the hind feer. Answers to the name of Tartar. Whoever will
take him to 38, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, shall be REWARDED.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—STOLEN, from
the manufacturers, Messrs. Asprey and Son. New Bond-street,
London, TWO valuable DRESSING CASES, 13, and 14½, inch.,
Coromandel wood, brass bound, with fall fronts and winged trays,
fitted complete with cut-glass bottles and trays, engraved silver tops,
cutlery, ivory brushes, &c.; makers name in each and on part of the
fittings. The above reward will be paid to any one giving auch infor¬
mation as may lead to the recovery of the goods, and to the apprehen¬
sion and conviction of th e th ief
FOUND in CAB 2,601, on Monday night, a MUFF.
Owner can have the same by describing, and paying advertise¬
ment, at 12, Chesterfield-street, Mayfair.
FOUND, a PURSE, with money. Will be returned
to owner, less expenses, on his giving satisfactory explanation of
same. Apply to Mr. Cornelius, 1, Motcomb-street, Belgrave-square,
S.
NOTICE.—All parties having CLAIMS against the
late GEORGE MONRO MORE, Manager of the Standard Bank
of British South Africa, Cape Town, who died at Rose Bank, Drummond,
near Inverness, on 8th ult., are requested to lodge the same with John
Colvin, Solicitor. Inverness, Agent for Mr. More's Executors, within 14.
days from this date.—Inverness, Dec. 1, 1879.
COTTON, Mayor.
ACOURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held in
the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the City of London
on Tuesday, the 7th day of December, 1875, and in the 39th year of
the reign of Victoria, or the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire¬
land Queen, &c.
Persons admitted to Act as Brokers within the City of London
and its Liberties, viz.
Names.
Residences.
August Barso  
19a, Coleman-street.
Francis John Richard Breuer ..41, Threadneedle-street
James Cunningham......2. Copthall-buildings, Throgmor¬
ton-street.
Henry Enderby Eaton33, Old Broad-street
William Meriton Eaton 33, Old road-street.
Louis Gasquet
 4 Tokenhouse-yard, Lothbury
Ernest Alers Hankey
19a, Coleman-street.
Henry Bower Harman8. Copthall-court, Throgmorton-¬

Godolphin Plantagenet Hastings The Stock-Exchange
Montague Montagu-Marsden	13, Copthall-court, Throgmorton-¬
street.
Alfred Ludwig Oswalt.... 2, Copthall-buildings, Throgmor¬

Charles Alexander Pierce..	.. 23, Throgmorton-street.
Frederic Albert Taylor..	..29, Threadneeale-street
Willliam Thomas Tweedie..	..	1. Angel-court, Thregmorton-street.
Persons who at their own request have been Discharged from the
Office of Broker within the City of London and its Liberties, viz:—
Names
Residences.
John Barclay 0
Bolton Lodge, Eastbourne, and 1,
Cushion-court, Old Broad-street
Frederic Godden 
34, Old Jewry.
MONCKTON.
SOLDIERS' BALANCES UNCLAIMED.—In pur¬
suance of the "Regimental Debts Act, 1863," notice is hereby
given, that Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War
Department has available, for DISTRIBUTION amongst the Next of
Kin or others entitled, the SUM of MONEY set opposite to the name
of each of the deceased soldiers named in the list which is published
with this notice in the London Gazette, and the Army List, and is
also to be seen at the Quarters of the several Staff Officers for the
Recruiting and Pension Service throughout the United Kingdom.
Applications from persons supposing themselves entitled as
Next of Kin should be addressed by ietter to the Under-Secretary of
State, War Office, London, o. W., and marked outside "Soldier's
Eflects.
No application can be attended to which does not state the date
and place of the soldier's birth, enlistment, and death, and the name
of his regiment; his regimental number should also be stated If
known.
should these particulars furnished by the applicant not agree with
the facts recorded on the War Office nocuments relating to the de¬
ceased soldier, the applicant will be so informed: but should they

t then within three calendar months the Secretary of
State will furnish the applicant with the usual requirements needed
for the proof of the alleged relationship.
The application must ne authenticated by the signature of the appli¬
cant, and his name should be affixed in the presence of the clergyman,
or one of the churchwardens of the parish, or a Justice of the Peace;
the applicant's address, with the name of the post town, must also be
clearly stated. No personal application can receive attention.
Further lists will from time to ume be published, and therefore it
will facilitate the applicants' inquiries to give the number and date of
the notice in which the deceased sordier's name appeared. —Effects,
1874-5.
By order of the said Principal Secretary,
J. C. W. VIVIAN.
Note. A copy of this notice is to be seen at the Quarters of the
several Stan Officers for the Recruiting and Pension Service through¬
out the United Kingdom.
List LXXIII. of the names of soldiers deceased since 1865, whose per¬
sonal estate is held by the Secretary of State for War for distribution
amongst the Next of Kin or others entitled.
NOTICE concerning the CONSTRUCTION of
BONDING WAREHOUSES.—In Budapest, the Hungarian
capital, the erection of bonding warehouses on the lower banks of the
Danube is intended, the construction and management of which is to
be submitted to contractors. The following terms and guarantees have
been laid down for parties wishing to make RIDS:—
 1. The bonding warehouses are to be built on the left bank of the
Danube, in the capital, on the grounds below the Custom-house.
2. The bonding warehouses must have room for 1,200,000 (eventually
more) toll hunuredweight of raw produce and other goods, especially
grain.
For the information of parties intending to make tenders, and as a
hasis for further nepotiation, the following is promulgated.
3. The grounds required for this enterprise will be furnished gra¬
tuitously for the term of 90 years.
The bonding warehouses will be connected with the freight
depot, the chief Custom-house, and the Junction Railway at the cost
of the state, and without expenses to the contractor.
5. The Royal Gevernment will procure for the business of these
bonding warehouses the exemption from the income-tax for 30 years,
and from stamp duty for the shares, by way of legisiation.
6. The Capital will, in a like manner, grant a remission of the addi¬
tional city tax for the same term of years.
 7. The remission of the municipal passage toll for the building
material and other communal taxes will also be granted by the com¬

8. The metropolitan community is willing, if desired by the con¬
tractor, to deviate from the existing building regul
ons, and to grant
such facilities in building as may be agreed upon by the contract ng
parties; and, furthermore, to grant this bonding warehouse enter¬
prise, besides the above-mentioned, still further matersal ald, the
extent and nature of which is reserved for the agreement with the

All those who are willing to enter into negotiations on the hasis of
the above said are hereby requested to send in their tenders, together
with plan-sketch and description of the interior arrangement, on or
before the 1st of February, 1875, to the office of the Burgomaster of
Budapest (iV. Bezirk, altes Stadthaus, ersten Stock, where further
particulars concerning situation, &c., may be obtained.
Budapest.—Extract from the records of the general meeting of the
Metropolitan Municipal Council, held on the 17th, and continued on
the 18th and 19th of November, 1875.
KARL RAMMERMAYER. Burgomaster.

WORTH CAROLINA BONDHOLDERS.—All
classes can hear of something greatly affecting their interests,
and the means of securing themseives by immediately applying to the
undersigned. Holders of bends issued by Acts of January 27, 1849,
and 22d and 25th December, 1852, or February 14, 1855, can have their
back coupons collected almost immediately in pending suit by LEWIN
W. BARRINGER, Solicitor, 706, Walnut-street, Philadelphia, U.S.A.
SPECIAL NOTICE.—IND(AN PARCEL POST.
Reduced rate of 1s. per lb. Particulars at every post-office, and
at 122, Leadephall-street, E.C., and 25, Cockspur-Street, S.W.
SPECIAL NOTICE.—McLEAN'S TELEGRAPHIC
NEWS EXCHANGE, 30, Throgmorton street, E.C. (exactly op¬
posite to, and in telegraphic communication with, the Stock Exchange),
offers unrivated facilities and accommodation for those regularly or
occasionally engaged in business in the City. Special Political, Com¬
mercial, and Fmancial Telegrams from every part of the world bulle¬
tined immediately on receipt throughout the day. Annual Subscrip¬
sion:—London £10 10s.; Country £4 4s.; subseribers tlerks, £3 3s.
Members will be admitted without entrance fee up to 31st December
next. The premises can be inspected, and forms of application for
Membership obtained, by addressing C. S. HOGG, Secretary.
THE ORIENTAL TELEGRAM AGENCY
(Limited), 140, Leadenhall-street; 35a, Mcorgate-street; 45d,
Pall-mall, London; Batavia-buildings, Liverpool; 61, Princess-street,
Manchester; 103, st. Vincent-street, Glasgow; and in all the chief
cities on the Coutinent.—TELEBRAMS to India, China, Japan, Ans¬
tralia, New Zealand, the Braziis, and Chili, at a great Reduction on
Cable rates. Tarius and prospectus post free and on application.
TRADE MARKS REGISTRATION ACT, 1875.—
Notice. — Registration Compuisory of Trade Marks.—All proprie¬
tors desious of retaining the exclusive right to use their trade marks,
and prevent loss or infringement thereof, must forthwith take the
necessary steps to register under the above Act. FORMS free from
Herbert and Co., Patent and Registration Agents. Established 20
years. N.B.—Handbook on patents and their cost also free. Patent
office, No. 67, Strand, London.
TRADE MARKS REGISTRATION ACT of 1875.
—Notice.—For the better protection of our weil-known Trade Tities
of the NOURISHING STOUT and GOLDEN HOP PALE ALE against
fraudulent imitations, we hereby give notice, that it is our intention
to register such titles ander the superintendence of the Commissioners
of Patents, with such alterations and aucitions as may be deemed
necessary. Full particulars of such registration will be duly an¬
nounced. In the meantime the public are requested to see that our
name is upon the label of every cask and bottle. This CAUTION is
the more necessary as many firms are adopting the word "Nourishing"
upon lapels similar in form and colour to our own, calculated to ne¬
ceive. Furthermore, every labes of the genuine Nourishing Stout
has the words "Analysed and reported on by Dr. Hassall."—
GEORGE RAGGETT and SONS, London.
FORGERIES.—Messrs. CHARLES FRODSHAM
and Co., 84, Strand, W.C., Clock, Watch, and Chronomete
Manufacturers to the Queen, find it necessary to CAUTION their
friends and the public generally against the numerous forgeries and
fraudulent imitation of their names and trade marks in circulation,
and to inform them that their only place of business is 84, Strand.
COUNTERFEIT WATCHES.—CAUTION.—
M. F. DENT. Watch, Clock, and Chronometer Maker to the
Queen, cantions the public against counterfecit and inferior watches

this announcement, as such forgeries have of late years greatly in¬
creased, but which can be at once detected if taken to his establish¬
ment. M. F. Dent, 33 and 34, Cockspur-street. Charng-cross, London.
CHANGE of NAME.—Messrs. WALTHAM,
BROTHERS hereby give notice that their Brewery, situate at
Stockwell-green, in the county of Surrey, and hitherto styled British
Brewery, will be henceforth called and known by the name of the
HALF-GUINEA ALE BHEWERY. All letters addressed the Half¬
Guinea Ale Brewery the Post-office authorities will accordingly for
ward to Messrs. Waltham, Brothers, Brewers, Stockwell, London.—
Dated 24th February, 1874.
POLLAKYS PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE,
conducted by Mr. Pollaky (27 years' experience in England and
with the foreign Detective Police), 13, Paddington-green, W.
