A. W.—In town on Monday. Hope for belter

accounts of your health.
L. Z.—RECEIVED your COMMUNICATION.
Regret to hear you are still so ill. Will write as desired.—
SEVEN.
FREDERICK, —Will you CALL on R. M.? At

o'clock. This was to be inserted on the 1st or 15th of any mouth.

INTONIA.—Circumstances which appear adverse

mit me to lore hope. Yours truly, ANNIE.
IF the GENTLEMAN who BROUGHT a PARCEL
from AUSTRALIA would SEND his ADDRESS to 22, Shepherd¬

VICTOR SEJOURNANT is anxious to HEAR

him as soon as possible,
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—Robert Buncombe
Evans.— Whereas a WARRANT has been issued for the APPRE¬
HENSION of ROBERT BUNCOMBE EVANS, late of Colyton, in
the county of Devon, tanner, on a charge of forgery. Whoever will give
such information as shall lead to the apprehension of the said Robert
Leeeessssetesusacoos.
RECEIVE the above REWARD. The said R. B. Evans is about 45
to 50 years of age, 6 feet high, brown hair turning gray, sandy whiskers,
silghtly bald on the top of the head, has a large wen behind one of his
earr, which is usually covered with a black silk bag; has also a sear on
his forehead. He is a person of gentlemanly demeanour, slightly
made, but a very remarkable looking man. Information to be given
to Mr. Inspector Hamilton, City Police office, Old Jewry, London: or
to Messrs. R. and S. Malions, solicitors, No. 7, Poultry, London, E.C.—
Dated the 30th day of August, 1860.
LOST, last week, in London, a small GOLD LOCKET,
book form, containing two portraits, engraved with a square
and compass, and the letters "W. S. S." The finder shall be liberally
REWARDED on returning it to T. B. Floyd, 36, Aldersgate-st., city.
LOST, at Uxbridge, on the 9th of August, a BILL
of EXCHANGE, dated the 2d August, 1860, payable at two
mon ths, for £42, drawn by Abraham Solomons, and accepted by
Mr. Browning, and payable at Southgate-place, Kingsland-road, all
persons are, therefore, cautioned against negotiating the game.
LOST, on Monday, 27th August, in the city, or in a
Kilburn-gate omnibus, between the city and Regent-circus, a




Jo Mr. Hawes, 79. Leadenhall-street, shall receive
TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD.
—
FIVE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, some
months back, a PACKET of PARCHMENT DEEDS, referring
to a house at Worthing. Any ene bringing the same to Mr. Russell,
No.
on, or Mr. Ridley, 39, King's-road, Brighton,
Holhorn-hill, Lo.
shall receive the above reward
TWO POUNDS REWARD, on recovery of a GOLD
GENEVA WATCH, No. 7,676, in dark green enamel and en¬
graved scroll case, with silver dial. Supposed to have been lost in the
immediate neighbourhood of Streatham or Croydon. Apply to Mr.

TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a GOLD
GENEVA WATCH, supposed to have been dropped in a second¬
class carriage on the North-Western Railway, on Thursday, Aug. 30th.
The above reward will be paid, with thanks, to any one returning the

TEN SOVEREIGNS REWARD.—LOST, on
Thursday evening last, between Kennington-gate and Church, an
old ENGLISH GOLD WATCH, enamel face (cracked), pendant
broken off, pair case engraved "M. S." in the centre. Mr. Joslah
Pearce, jeweller, 45, Mount-street, Lambeth, will thankfully pay the
above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the even¬
ing of the 30th ult, at the Crystal Palace Terminus, London¬
bridge, a BLACK LEATHER POCKET-BOOK, containing a cressed
cheque and five £5 notes, and some letters and memorandums. The
numbers of the notes are known. Whoever will bring the book and
contents to Messrs. Marlborough and Co., 4, Ave Maria-lane, shall
receive the above reward.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, by a
lady, on Monday evening, about 6 o'clock, at the Bristol and
Exeter Railway Station, in the Waiting Room, on the Piatform, or in
the Down Train that left Bristol at 6 p.m., a GREEN LEATHER
PORTEMONNAIE PURSE, containing three £20 Bank of England
notes (the numbers of which are known), about £6 in gold, and some
loose silver, a half-return ticket from Clevedon to Bristol, alse some
postage stamps. The above reward will be paid to whoever brings the
purse and its contents to Frederick Lucas, Bathurst wharf, Bristol.—
astol, August 27, 1860, 9 p.m.
LIVER-COLOURED POINTER DOG LOST, in
the Clapham-road, on the afternoon of the 30th of last month—
a spot of white on the chest and tips of toes: answers to the name of
"Shot." Whoever brings him to Edmonds, news agent, Clapham,
shall be liberally REWARDED.
EFT in a CAB, or otherwise lost, about the middle
of July, a small CASH BOX, containing papers, of no value
ess
Any person bringing the box to Mr. Jannings,
No. 16, Fenchurch-street, may receive TWO POUNDS for their trouble.
SKYE TERRIER BITCH CAME ASTRAY to
a house in Mayfair on Monday evening, the 27th. The owner
can have her by giving a proper desription and paying the expense of
this advertisement. Apply to Mr. Grant, 23, Piccadilly.
THE NEPHEWS and NIECES of the late MARY

trator, Mr. Chas. Collins, are requested to do so at his residence,
White-hill Villas, Dartford-road, Kent.
DAVIES or POWELL.—A WELSH GENTLE¬
MAN WANTED, of one of the above names. About 42 years
ago he came to London either to study law or physic. He was very
intimate with the late Mr. Williams, a solicitor, No. 3, Cook's-court,
Carey-street; and if living if he will apply to Z., at Mr. King's, 12,
Moreton-terrace, Kentish-town, post-paid, he will hear of something
to his advantage ; or if he is dead his personal representative is re¬
quested to apply. It is thought he had a brother, and the feeling is
that that brother was a military man.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of two dividends on the sum of
£4,017 19s. 10d. Consolidated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore
standing in the name of Major JOHN ALEXANDER HENDERSON,
of Westerton, Stirlingshire, deceased, and which dividends were paid
over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in
consequence of the first thereof having remained unclaimed since the
5th July, 1849; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of
three months from this date, the said Dividends will be Paid to Sir
James Edward Alexander, Knight, the administrator, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make

HEIRS WANTED.—British, colonial, and forcion
properties remain unclaimed. Inquire, by letter only, of Mr.
Richarda, Borough-road, S.E.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
HARRIET STINSON, widow, now residing in the United States
of America.—Take notice, that a CITATION hath issued against you,
under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, bearing date the 14th
day of August, 1860, at the instance of Theresa Bennett and Sarah
Ann Davenport, citing you within 30 days after service of the said
citation, inclusive of the day of such service, to cause an appearance
to be entered for you in the said Court, and to accept or refuse letters
of administration of the personal estate and effects of Joteph Stinson.
late of the Yorkshire-house Hotel, Philip-lane, London-wall, in the
city of London, deceased, or to show cause why the said letters of ad¬
ministration should not be granted to the said Theresa Bennett and
Sarah Ann Davenport, or one of them, as the natural and lawful sis¬
ters of the said deceased, with an intimation that in default of your
appearing, and accepting, and extracting such letters of administra¬
tion, the same would be granted to the said Theresa Bennett and Sarah
Ann Davenport, or one of them.
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar
COX and SONS, Solicitors, 14, Sise-lane, Londo.
MIDDLESEX.—Music or Dancing Licenses.—
Notice is hereby given, that all persons intending to apply for
LICENSES for MUSIC or DANCING under the statute 25th Geo. II.,
c. 36, who were not licensed at the last Michaelmas Session for this
county (whether or not a license was granted at the last mentioned
Session in respect of the premises sought to be licensed), must, three
weeks at least before Monday, the 8th day of October next, which will
be the commencement of the next Michaelmas Quarter Session, cause a
notice, in the undermentioned form, to be afixed upon the outer door
or other conspicuous part of the premises sought to be licensed, and
upon the onter door of the police station or other place of confinement
in the parish in which such premises shall be situate, and must also serve
copies of such notice upon the churchwardens and overseers of the
parish in question three weeks at least before the commencement of
the said Session, and must also give three weeks notice at least before
the said 8th day of October to me, at the Sessions-house, Clerkenwell,
and to the Clerk of the Petty Sessions of the division wherein the pre¬
mises are situate, of the intended application.
Form of Notice.
"I— of—, do hereby give notice, that I intend to apply, under
the provisions of the statute 25th Geo. II., cap. 36, at the next Michael-¬
mas Quarter Session for the county of Middlesex, to be holden at the
Sessions-house, Clerkenwell, on the 11th day of October, 1860, for a
licence for (here insert the particular sort or sorts of public entertain¬
ment for which the licence is required), to be carried on within the
house or premises situate at —, or known by the name of — (as
the case may he) and now in the occupation of me, the subscriber
hereto."
And notice is also given, that every applicant for a licence is required
to attend the Court personally, on the said 11th day of October (which
will be the day for granting licences), unless a reason, satisfactory to
the Court, shall be assigned for his absence.
And that every person presenting any petition against the grant or
renewal of any licence must leave with me, at the Sessions-house,
Clerkenwell, 10 clear days before the said 8th day of October, a copy of
such counter petition, for the inspection of the person applying for such

The Court will not, in future, insert in licences to be granted under
the said Act the words "or other public entertainment of the like
kind," but will in all cases specify the particular entertainment which
may be given. Counter petitions must now be lodged with me, at the
Sessions-house, Clerkenwell, 10 clear days before the first day of the
Session instead of five clear days before the day for granting licences,
and the notice to be given to the Clerk of the Peace and to the Clerk of
the Petty Session is now 21 days at least instead of 14.
C. HEATON ELLIS, Clerk of the Peace.
County Offices, 6, John-street, Bedford-row.
25th day of August, 1860.
GEWERS.—I do hereby give notice, that, at a
SESSION and GENERAL COURT of SEWERS, duly held by
ad journment, for the limits of the levels of HAVERING, Dagenham,
Ripple, Barking, Eastham, Westham, Leyton, and Walthamstow, in
the respective counties of Essex, Middlesex, and Kent, at the Angel
Inn, Great Ilferd, in the said county of Essex, on Friday, the 10th day
of August, 1860, before William Cotton Octavius Mashiter, John Davis,
Thomas Mashiter the younger, Henry Martin Harvey, and George
Palmer, Esqs., and others Commissioners of Sewers for the said seve¬
ral levels, and three thereof of the quorum, the said William Cotton
then and there being chairman, it was presented by the Juries respec¬
tively, duly summoned and empannelled by the Balliff of the Liberty
of Havering Atte Bower, and by the Sheriffs of the said respective
counties of Essex, Middlesex, and Kent, that the owners and occuplers
of property, situate within the said respective levels, derive benefit and
advantage, and avoid damage, in respect of such property from, and by,
the supporting, maintaining, repairing, amending, cleansing, and scour¬
ing of the walls, streams, banks, common sewers, sluices, ditches, and
other works and defences within the said levels, and that all such
walls, streams, banks, common sewers, sinices, and other works and
defences are particularly mentioned and described in certain schedules,
annexed to the said presentments.
And I do also hereby give notice, that such presentments may be in¬
spected at my office, in Romford, on any day between the hours of 10
and 3.
And I do hereby give further netice, that the next Court of Sewers
for the said levels will be held by adjournment, at the Angel Inn.
Great Ilford, Essex, on Friday, the 26th day of October next, at 11
o'clock in the foronoon, and that all persons thinking themselves ag¬
grieved by euch presentments may then and there traverse the same,
Lo
W. H. CLIFTON, Clerk to the said Commissioners.
Romford, 30th August, 1860,
NOTICE.—Saturday Early Closing.—ALFRED
GREEN's UPHOLSTERY and GENERAL FURNISHING
WAREHOUSE will be CLOSED this day and every succeding Satur¬
day (untill further notice) at 4 o'clock p.m.—25, Baker-street, W.,
Sept 1, 1860.
NOTICE.—Saturday Early Closing.—MARSHALL
and SNELGROVE respectfully announce, that, until further
notice, their PREMISES will be CLOSED on Saturdays at 4 o'clock.
—Marshall and Snelgrove, 11, 15, 20, and 21, Vere-street, 151, 153, 154,
155, and 186, Oxford-street.
AT. BUCK begs respectfully to inform the gentry
sand inhabitants of Bayswater, that it is his intention to CLOSE


first class drapers of Regent-street and Oxford-street, he trusts it will
in no way inconvenience his numerous customers, to whom he is in¬

ladies, having commissions to purchase printed muslins and other light
seeenegeseeenerseess,
agessseee
of 5 per cent, will be allowed. Patterns sent by post if required.—
Sussex House, Westbourne-grove, Bayswater.
TO ASTRONOMERS and others. — A first-class
TELESCOPE, by Tuiley, warranted perfectly achromatic—length
8 feet, object glass 47, well adapted for a look-out glass for the sea-side.
This can be offered as a genuine article. As a test of its quality it will
hear a power of 700 to advantage. This is an opportunity that rarely
occurs. Apply to W. Ilett, 25, King-street, Holborn.
MECHANICAL MOTION.—A PLATE, illustra¬
ting 100 mechanical motions, with Key, to be had free on appli¬
cation, or by post for two stamps; with cover, four stamps. Also advice
on patents. Provisional protection for six months, eight guineas;
patent, £20 move.—Mr. W. CLARK, patent agent, 53, Chancery-lane.
