LEFT BRECKNOCK-CRESCENT.—LILLIE.
W.S.—A LETTER awaits you at the Waterloo-road

SHAW.—The relations of MARY CREAK, widow
merly Shaw), who died at Norwich in 1824, are entitled to
PROPERTY. Apply to Mr. Alfred Kent, solicitor, Norwich.
THOMAS LEE, an Englishman, and in 1836 purser
of the Sylvius Jenkins, from Liverpool to New York, will HEAR
of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE by applying to Mr. Pollaky
private inquiry office, 13, Paddington-green. (New Orleans papers,
please copy.?
MINNIE—HENRY.—A lady died very suddenly at
tr.
Be
noe 
Notice in The
Times of 18th eurenet.
the ie, and sign e He.

OEREISAET

OME

tein
OUNDS REWARD.—

BSCONDED.
since the 24th ult., ce r,
—
signed
te eo e
Iayor, with embezzl
 in
OBERT CECIE

EWIN, late of 24, Mornington-creee.
ao droad,d iidlese.
L p
age
out 50 years.
to in et e.

es grayish
blue, hair brown, inclining to gray, very little whiskers: face

Jo
t dark under the eyes;
ppearant

lte ystout, stoops
ligh


ter misshapen, wears
cloth op
oetoy

dresses respec.
—
coat, and a ring with onyx. The above reward of £20 will
paid to
any person who will give such
formation as shall lead to the appre¬


 said Robert Cecil Ewin. Information to be given to
ond

Police-office
etective Department.
No. 26, Old Jewry, E.C.
ond
22d March, 1864.
LOST, on the 17th inst., in Kensington, a small
BLACK and TAN TERRIER DOG, agt
a nh  dn¬
and with a patch of white on the breast. TWO POUNDS RE¬
WARD will be given to any one bringing him to 53, Victoria-road,
Kensington; or £1 will be paid for information leading to his recovery
LOST, a RING, Monday afternoon, between 1.45
and 5.15; supposed getting out of a carriage at Chester-terrace,
Regent's-park, Prince's-square, Paddington Railway Station, Blom¬

pent-shaned lady's ring, of bright.
gold. FIFTEEN SHILLINGS REWARD if brought, whole on¬
damaged, to 17, Gordon-square, W.C.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday

aig from 5, Park-road, Stoke Newington, a BLACK RE¬
TRIEVER DOG, with white mark on chest; had
strong leather
collar with no name on it; answers to the name of "Sancho." Who¬
ever takes him to the above address shall receive the reward
TEN POUNE

REWARD.—LEFT in a

took
at Pembroke-villas and set down at 29, Hamilton-terrace
on Tue





ral flowers, fruit.
a nd n rrings, conennd
and leaves. Whoever will take the same to the address stamped insid
the case (Phillips', 23.
ockspur-street), shall receive the above reward.
No.
th e ill be ofered
ROBBERY of WORKMEN's TOOLS, between
7.30 p.m. the 24th, and 7 a.m. 25th instant, at Ralph Allison
pianoforte works, Werrington-street, St. Pancras.—
FIFTEEN POUNDS REWARD will be paid by above firm on convic¬
tion and recovery of the same. Full particulars of tools at St. Pancras
Police Station. Pawnbrokers and others are cautioned about receiving
iron planes, drill stocks, saws, &c.
IN the Mat r o.
the Reverend EDWARD JOHI
Sr THBONE, a person of unsound mind, o  f

and by inquisition.
Under the provis.
o f th e R.
taat ion A
berson

or persons CLAIMING to be the HEIR or HEIRS at LAW of the
said
O WARD JOHN RATH .
t e Water


Wl

and subs

in Beacon.

tounn
daele e n t e said

afterwards in lodg
oes, at the Old Crown Inn, Lichfield aforesaid, but
now residing at the Hospital fer Lunatics, called Barnwood-house
situate at Barnwood, near the city of Gloucester; or claiming to be
entitled under the statutes for the distribution of intestates' estates (in
case he were now dead intestate), to his personal estate, are, on or
before the 15th day of April, 1868, by their solicitors to come in and
prove their heirship or kindred before the Masters in Lunacy, at their
office, No. 45, Lincoln's-inn-fields, in the county of Middlesex; or, in
default thereof, they will be peremptorily preciuded from the beneiit o
all proceedings in the above matter — Dated this 9th day of March, 1868.
TAYLOR, HOARE, and TAYLOR, of 28, Great James-street,
Bedford-row, London, Agents for Messrs. Best and Horton,
solicitors, Birmingham.
NEXT of KIN (new edition, never before published).
—A classified and descriptive INDEX (of 15,000 names gua¬
ranteed) to advertisements for next of kin, Chancery heirs,
&c.
1760 to 1867, sent post free for 30 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER,
No. 17, Southampton-buildings, Chancer-lane, London,
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 493.—In the Matter
of the Act 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, and of the
application of George Wallace.—The Eardiston Estate, in the parish
of Lindridge, in the county of Worcester.—Notice is hereby given,
that on the application of George Wallace, of Eardiston-house, in the
parish of Lindridge, in the county of Worcester, Esq., the Registrar
intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the date
hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITA
MENTS called or known as the EARDISTON ESTATE, in the parish
of Lindridge, in the county of Worcester, containing 1,019a. 2r. 35p., or
thereabouts, partly in hand and partly in the tenures or occupations of
James Candy, Stephen Boyce Perret Crawford Watson, John Smith,
Philip Biddle, Maria Jones, Thomas Price, Esther Roberts, and
others, bounded in part on or towards the north by the parishes of
Mamble and Rock, in part on or towards the south by the river
Teme and the parish of Eastham and the chapelry of Orleton, in the
parish of Stanford, and in part on or towards the cast by the parish
of Stocktone, comprising Eardiston-nouse, with the outbuildings, gar¬
dens, and grounds thereto belonging, part of Minith Wood, White¬
house Farm, the Manor-house or Moor Farm, and Bodenhams, the
Lowe Farm, Dumbleton Farm, Upper Clay Wood, and other lands
and hereditaments, all which said hereditaments, called or known as
the Eardiston Estate, are delineated on the Map No. 493, deposited in the
Office of Land Registry as part of the description of the same here¬
ditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with the mines and
minerals under the same, except the mines and minerals, and
mineral-like substances (other than stone and gravel) under such
parts thereof as are numbered 3a, 4a, 107, 108, 109a, 110, 118a, 120,
121a, 125a, 152, 153, 154, 154b, 155, 155a, 156, 157a, 157b, 169, 169b, 169c,
169d, and 170, and except the mines and minerals under such
hesal

hereditaments as are numbered 133 and 162a on the
said
D L
ny person object to, or desire to show canse against, such

hould be subject to any conditions
ations, or that any particu a r e

Nar ge
tate or incumbrance,
dil ilit r e ad
rove.
or admitted before the Registrar, shou


heard

Office of
Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expi

atisaid three months, person,

or by affidavit or othery,
tat to make such objection.

Aanainst, or to make such claim in respect of such registration. But an

aesin


im must ein
writing, statin
the particulars thereof, and with he
ame and address
thereto, e in th e s i toe eice

cation
of e

months, otherwise he will
from making the same. The
aforesaid map may be inse e



nsa
th said three months. Dated
1 28th day of

D.

terk.
NS, JOHNSO

a U PTON, 20 Aus.
riars, London,
ant.
to i o o ts to,

THE GREAT FIRE in HOU
DSDITCH.—Im¬

A .7.
es
Hounds.
,4, 5, 6,
and 11, Gravel-lane, March, 1865.
Mr. John Bracher (late W.
aarn
and Son.)—Sir. —We have much pleasure in informing you that three
of your safes, in which were deposited books and documents of great
value, prese
oe e einr contents unin
rede during the destructive fire
which occurred on our above premises on the night of
26th ult.
That
the  safes have so successfully withstodd


cannot
a aen a e then
too widely known,
fully authorize you to
estimonin
publisht
We are, Sir, your.
&c.
DEFRIES and SONS.
John Bracher (late
Im. Marr and Son,), 11, Cannon-street west."
PETTS's CAPSULES.—Mr. Betts, of No. 1, Wharf¬
road, City-road, desires to give public notice that the Lord
Chancellor's judgments of the 8th inst. (see The Times of 10th inst.) do
not in any way affect any person using any CAPSULES made by Mr.
Betts, and bearing his name, or name and address, all of which may
be used without risk or question.—15th February, 1868.
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Queen
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONLY
ADDRESS is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street, W
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of
obtaining the genuine tinted lenses should apply only direct to them,
at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, opposite Crawley's Hotel.
CAUTION.—Machine
AM
 Jewellery. —Mr.
EDWIN W. STREE
E.R. n e.

should exist in the public mind, begs reson¬


business of which he is now the sole representative is that which 
formerly carri
on und er the
ahe n noni of
Aancock, Burbrook, and
Company (Limited),"at No. 37, Conduit-street,
doors from Bond¬
street, and that it is at this establishment alone that the now cele¬
aen
brated machine
wellery, so extensively introduced by Mr.
rehe
tere er, caene be

NOTICE.  e a
it has recently come to the
knowledge of Mr. George Borwick, proprietor of BORWICK's

KING POWDER, that certain unscrupuious persons have taken
to om his
and half-gross boxes, packets fromt
under layer, and
introduced a powder not manufactured by him. All grocers and drug
sist.
are hereby CAUTIONED aga¬

being so
event of suc h einr
perpetrated, they are requested to commu¬
nicate immediately with Messrs. Lewis and Lewis, solicitors, 10, E.
pace, Holborn n nn.


OVERNMENT CERTIF.
 S .
Trasa.
OEOENCEANETIE
e e ,
tet rs e nded, ed e a
Messrs. Jas. C.
ompson and Co., certi
RoN S
t te
44.
Messrs. C.
UBB and SON, London, of e
the e e e e en are
ag.
ta ste were exposed for se


te h the fire oe
the offices of the National Government on the evenin¬
s
instant ; t
in our presence they were easily opened with their re¬


.  
ann.

tained were f o e

e e eoed that these safes are now
aatoional Treasury offic.


J. M. DRAGO (Treasurer of the National

Government).
JOSE TOMAS ROJC
JUAN M. AL
REZ
Atrue Copy—A. M.
Quenos Ayres, July 31, 1867.
NOTICE of REME Co.
noe onseoneneed
L .
their
present premises being required for th
widening of Ludgate¬
hill, the undersigned will REMOVE their ESTABLISH

after the 6th proximo, o e r.

 183, Fleet-street (adjacent
to St. Dunstan's Church), where th e
will possess increased facilities for

English publishing business.
ntrance, 186, Fleet-street

rtand literary agency. —Entrance.
Fleet street.
"The Publishers' Circular" office. —Entra
188, Fleet-street.
Ex.
 .
o  a and colonial business. —Entrar.

APSON LOW, SON, and MARSTON, English, American,
and Colonial Booksellers and Publishers.
are


NOTICE of REMOVAL.—
FOULMIN and GALE
dressing-case-makers,
ta nd
Sise-lane and Bucklersbury, have
REMOVED to their new premises, 85 and 86, Cheapside, near the
Poultry, West-end establishment, 7, New Bond-street.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—The Business of
CHARLES DANBY frinpe manufacturer, of 14, Coventry¬
street, London, W., is REMOVED to more extensive premises, 43, New
Bond-street, W., where it is now carried on by the firm of Danby,
Brothers, and Steers.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—On and after the 25th
March the BUSINESS of Messrs. TAYLOR, BROTHERS,
manufacturing and dispensing chymists, 4. Verc-street, which for the
last 12 months has been carried on by Messrs. CORBYN and Co., will
be REMOVED to their own premises, 86, New Bond-street (corner
of Oxford-street).
NOTICE.—Mr. DOBSON, 19, St. James's-street,
Glass Manufacturer to the Queen and Royal Family. The late
partnership having been dissolved, Mr. D. begs to remind his friends
and patrons that the business is still carried on at the above address,
that the artists enzaged remain unchanged, and that the reputation of
the firm will be fully maintained in all orders entrusted to him
MESSRS. W. CHILLINGWORTH and SON, wine
merchants to Her Majesty, 43, Great Tower-street, London
(established 1820), beg to state that their business is solely carried on
at the above address, and that they are in no way connected with other
firms of the same nae
WHITTINGTON CLUB, 37, Arundel-street,
Strand. Commodious reading, billard, dining, drawing, and
smoking rooms, with all the advantages of a first class club. Specially
adapted for official, legal, literary, and commercial gentlemen. Two
guineas a year. No entrance fee
Prospectus may be had on appli¬

SUTCLIFFE HOLROYD. Secretary.
PRIVATE INQUIRY-OFFICE: established at
20, Devereux-court, Strand (in 1862), REMOVED to 9, Adam¬
street, Adelphi.
ROYD's IRON PARK FENCING, 1s. a yard run—
the best, cheapest, and most durable cattle fence. Estimates
given for every description of iron palisading, gates, hurdles, &c. Cata¬
logues free.—John Boyd and Co., 48, Cannon-street, E.C.
ROOFING for INDIA, 14d. per square foot, un¬
affected by hot climates. —Sole manufacturers, VULCANISED
INDIARUBBER COMPANY, 10, Arthur-street west, E.C. A liberal
discount to the trade.
DRESS your own TARPAWLINGS with CAR¬
BONIZED OIL DRESSING, 2s. 6d. per gallon; uninflammable,

nanufacturers, VUL¬
CANIZED INDIARUBBER COMPANY, 10, Arthur-street west,
E.C. Orders with remittances promptly attended to.
WIREWORK, of new design, for the GARDEN,
Greenhouses, and Conservatories, fitted up. Experienced men
sent to take dimensious and give estimates for work required. Garden
netting 2 feet high, 6d. per yard: garden syringes, 6s. each. Illustrated
catalogues post free.—W. H. HONEY, wircworker, 263, Regent-street.
