GBRONTE. See ne carly this weck.
PHHAUL.—Are you safe ? WRITE.
ELEANOR W.—LETTERS AWAIT YOU at the
coste-restante, Paris.
E. G. wishes to THANK her friend for a BANK of

ENGLAND NOTE of £100, numbered 67622.
A.D.—I RECEIVED your LETTER, but too late.
Inquire for one at the General Post-office.—E. H.
FRIEND who LEFT a LETTER at a house in
street, on Wednesday morning last, is requested to COM¬
MUNICATE with L. M. N., care of Messrs. Rastall and Son, Eccles¬
on-street, S.W. Nothing is known of the person referred to.
IF Mrs. ELIZABETH BURCHMORE, who in

-steet or Providence-row, Wal¬
worth-common, will apply at Mr. Withall's, 7, Parlament-street,
Westminster, she will HEAR of SOMETHING to her ADVAN¬

TO PARISH CLERKS and others.—SUSANNAH
PIKE.—WANTED, her present ADDRESS, or evidence of her
death. She once lived many years back at 135, Strand. A considera¬
tion will be paid for the trouble. Address B. B. H., Deacon's
No. 154, Leadenhall-street.
PERSONS of the NAMES of ALLET, Burchell,
Campbell, Cawsey, Cornwallis, Corrie, Courcy, Cullen, Ensley,
Essington, Fanshaw, Fitzwalter, Goodrich, Grey, Guise, Hallam,
Hamilton, Harpur, Horn, Horne,
Ivery, Jackson, Kinsale, Mantell,
Miles, Perrin, Roberts, Till, and Young are hereby informed that
some valuable EIFORMATION concerning those families which
may be to their advantage, is published in RESEARCHES re¬
specting FAMILY HISTORY, Estates in Abeyance, &c. Part III.,
price 5s., or sent postage free for 52 stamps. Address J. H. Fennell,
No. 49, Millbank-street (near the Houses of Parliament), S.W.
LOST (think in Bayswater omnibus), on 22d inst., a
DARK MOROCCO PORTEMONNAIE, containing 30 shillings
in gold and some silver.
The finder on returning the same to E.
Elfick, 22, Leinster-terrace, Bayswater, W., shall be REWARDED.
LOST, about 3 o'clock on Friday afternoon, from
18, Berkeley-square, a little WHITE CURLY DOG, answers to
the name of "Daisy". Was seen to bepicked up by two gentlemen,
noar Bruton-street. All expenses paid if brought to the owner.—

LOST, on the 14th inst., a GENTLEMAN's GOLD
RING, set with a carbuncle. It is supposed to have dropped in
the churchyard, St. Mary's, Fulham, or on the road fronting the church.
A REWARD of ONE SOVEREIGN will be given to any one who will
deliver it to Mr. Turner, jeweller, Bond-street.—Feb., 1867.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a GOLD
WATCH, with gold dial, name Croucher, No. 65. Apply to
McCabe and Co. 32, Cornhill, E.C.
A GOLD ALBERT CHAIN was LEFT for safety,
some time since, at Messrs. Page and George's, pawnbrokers,
Nos. 135 and 136, Drury-lane, W.C., by a man in a state of partial in¬
toxication. No money was advanced upon it. The owner is requested
to APPLY for it.
FOUND, on the 12th, a PURSE, containing a small
sum of money. The owner can have the same by giving descrip¬
tion and paying the expenses. Apply at 20, Belsize-park-road, N.W.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £102 2s. 1d. Consoli¬
dated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
MATILDA CHAPMAN, of Palatine-place, Stoke Newington, widow,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence
of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th
January, 1857; Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Divi¬
dends thereon paid, to William Smallwood, sole executor of Matilda
Chapman, deceasod, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
TO WILLIAM BRODIE, now or late of No. 4, Peel¬
street, Notting-hill, in the county of Middlesex.—Take notice,
that a CITATION, bearing date the 5th day of November, 1866, has
issued under the seal of Her Majesty's Court for Divorce and Matri
onial Causes, at the instance of William Nutter Inman, of No. 80,
Norfolk-terrace, Westbourne-grove, west, Bayswater, in the county of
Middlesex aforesaid, auctioneer, citing you to appear in the said court
within eight days of the service thereof, to ahswer his petition filed in
the said court, praying for a dissolution of marriage; and that such
citation contains an intimation that, in default of your so doing, the
Court will proceed to hear the said petition proved in due course of law,
and to pronounce sentence therein, your absence notwithstanding.—
Dated this 12th day of February, 1867. A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
GOLD and SON, 1, Serjeants'-inn, Chancer-lane, Middlesex,
Solicitors for the Petitione
TO SARAH INMAN, now or late of No. 4, Peel¬
stre
Notting-hill, in the county of Middlesex.—Take notice,
that a CITATION, bearing date the 5th day of November, 1866, has
issued under the seal of Her Majesty's Court for Divorce and Matri¬
monial Causes, at the instance of William Nutter Inman, of No. 80,
Norfolk-terrace, Westbourne-grove west, Bayswater, in the county of
Middlesex aforesaid, auctioneer, citing you to appear in the said court
within eight days of the service thereof, to answer his petition filed in
the said Court, praying for a dissolution of marriage; and that such
citation contains an intimation that, in default of your so doing, the
Court will proceed to hear the said petition proved in due course of

cethere
your absence notwithstanding.
—Dated this 12th day of February, 186.
A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
GOLD and SON, 1, Serjeants'-inn, Chancery-lane, Middlesex,
Solicitor fo h te te eti.
cioner.
ALBERT BENCE FOSTER.—By order of His
Imperial Majesty the Autoerat of Russia, &c., and in pursuance
of a request of Johann Samuel Bandau, having, sub beneficio legis ac
inventarli, taken possession of the property left by Albert Bence
Foster, deceased, late retired British captain and hereditary mortgagee
of the estate called Stabben, the Superior Court of the Province of
Curonia, called Oberhofgericht, hereby makes known:—Whereas the
first term appointed by this Superior Court for bringing in CLAIMS
to the PROPERTY left by the aforesaid ALBERT BENCE FOSTER,
deceased, has elapsed, now all those who should intend to put in any
claims, ex jure hereditatis crediti, or otherwise, to the aforesaid pro¬
perty, or to attack the validity of a will of the said Albert Bence
Foster, deceased, authenticated by the Selburg Court of Justice,
called Oberhauptmanusgericht, on the 27th of June, 1866, and de¬
claring the said Johann Samuel Bandau the universal heir of the said
deceased, are hereby cited and summoned to appear in this Superior
Court, either in person or by duly authorized agents, or by trustees,
and, if necessary, accompanied by legal assistants, on the 10th, 11th, and
12th of May, 1867, being the second and last term for appearing, or, if any
one of these days should happen to be a holyday, on the next court-day
before noon, at the usual session time, in order
bring forth their
claims to the property left by the said Albert Bence Foster, deceased,
or their oppositions to the said will of the same, and to produce their
respective documents and to attend to the further llegal proceedings:
and they are hereby distinetly warned that all those who shall not have
duly appeared on the first nor second term shall no further be ad¬
mitted to bring in their claims or oppesitions, but shall be precluded
for ever; and they are further warned that if no opposition should be
made to the aforesaid will of the said Albert Bence Foster, deceased,
or if the oppositions made should not sufficiently and duly be proved,
then the will of the said Albert Bence Foster, authenticated by the
Selburg Oberhauptmannsgericht, on the 27th June, 1866, shall be ac¬
knowledged and pronounced to be definitively valid.—In witness
whereof the Oberhofgericht of Curonia has given these presents under
his seal and common signature at Mitau, ion the 9th of December,
1866. — Blancetum citationis edictalis ad Judicium Aulicum Supremum,
(L.S.)
(Signed)
W. ROCHLITZ, Secretary, and Acting Prosecretary, J. CARL.
This is a transiation from the German, in which language the origi¬
nal is certified by Carl Stamm, Notary Public.—Riga, the 21st of Janu¬
in the year 1867.
NOTICE is hereby given, that APPLICATION will
be made to Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace assembled at the
Quarter Sessions in and for the county of Middlesex, at the Sessions¬
house, Clerkenwell-green, in the said county, to be holden in the mouth
of April next, for an ORDER for DIVERTING and TURNING a
certain FOOTPATH and HIGHWAY leading from the stile between
the land belonging to Alexander Edward Miller, Esquire, and the Right
Honourable Lord Northwick, across the land of the said Alexander
Edward Miller, then across a private road set out by the Commissioners



thence througe
lands belonging to
Mr. R.
a
tneall, to the pub ed
iagge road
called Oxey-lane, wh
ahsaid ootpt
aen n highwa,



be y the inhabitants of the parish of

the county of
Middlesex, in Vestry, should be diverted and
ane eded e ed d ei lien
thereof, a good and sufficient footpath and highway made over and
across the san
ands and private
tethich l l be e
te ae neain

too the public. Andt
te te certificate of two of Her
Majesty's Justices of the Peace for th e,
o .
ex, having
viewed the same, and proof given to thet
teienactioin t e se ere
notices required by the Statute
taing been published, witht

the
old and prop e s e enene
highway, and the consen t 
the o n e of
the land over which the prope
th e  hig h w ay
e ended to pass, will
th e e


oa  county on the 8.
day of Feb s.

Dated thi
toe eor.
1 e.
SAMAUSE E

WM. S. TOOTELL,
T. EWIA I
W.A. TOOTELL, Clerk.
CAUTION to the WINE
TRADE.—LOUIS
ROEDERER's CARTE BLANCHE" CHAMPAGNE.—In the
Second Chamber of the Imperial Court of Paris of the 6th February,
1865, in the cause of Louis Roederer v. Theophile Roederer and Co.,
udgment was given in favour of the plaintiff; and it was decreed that
The defendants shall be bound to insert henceforth in their adver¬
tisements, invoices, and prospectuses, as on their brands, labels, and
corks—1st. The Christian name of Theophile. 2nd. The following
note, Established in 1864"; and further, "that this Christian name, and
this note, must appear there in letters of the same dimensions, and
of the same shape, as the name of Roederer." For the decree in full,
see The Times, of the 27th March, 1865; Manchester Guardian,
8th April; Liverpool Mercury, 14th July; Liverpool Courier, 25th July:
Liverpool Daily Post, 3rd August.—Mr. Louis Roederer, by his agent
in England, again draws attention to the above decision of the Court
of Appeal, given at Paris on the 6th February, 1865, and in order to
avoid confusion of brands, and disappointment, requests the patrons
of his brand, always to mention his Christian name of Louis, when
ordering his "Carte Blanche" Champagne.—Reims, December, 1866.
Note.—Mr. Louis Roederer employs no travellers, and his transac¬
tions in this country are confinedto licensed English wine merchants.
CAUTION.—The public is requested in sending
orders to the METROPOLITAN STEAM BLEACHING and
DYEING COMPANY to state the title, as letters, &c., often miscarry.
17, Wharf-road, City-road, and 472, Oxford-street, W. C.
CHOCOLAT MENIER,
23, Henrietta-street,
Strand.—MENIER's FRENCH
CHOCOLATE.—Notice is
hereby given, that legal proceedings will be taken under the Merchan¬
dise Marks Act, 1862, 25 and 26
c., cap. 83, against any person or per¬
sons fraudulently making use of the trade mark, or the signature
Menier (it being an individual firm, and in no way connected with any
company or other house whatever), on the seal or cover, together with
colour of wrapper, form of cakes, &c., arrangement of label or other¬
wise, with the intention of deceiving the public by causing spurious
and inferior articles to be sold for the genuine Chocolat Menier.
 F. TRUEFITT, Solicitor, 4. Essex-court, Temple, E.C.
TO SOLICITORS and others.—Finding that colour¬
able imitations of paper fasteners, invented by Alfred H. Hart,
are being palmed upon consumers, the patentees hereby CAUTION
salesmen that they run not the risk of the law, and the public to see
that they obtain the genuine article. Each box bears the title "Hart's
Patent Paper Fasteners."—ALFRED H. HART and Co., manufac¬
turers, London.
REMOVAL.—STEPHEN SMITH (late Smith and
Nicholson), Duke-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, to 35, King-street,
Covent-garden (late the Garrick Club-house). N.B. The show rooms
will be closed in future at 2 o'clock on Saturdays.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—PELLATT and Co.
are REMOVING from the Baker-street Bazaar, to No. 25,
opposite.
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES in England and on the continent in¬
stituted with secresy and despatch by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington¬
green, London, W.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, 2, Southampton¬
buildings, Holborn.—Mr. BENTLEY, late si
Fs officer, having
had 20 years' experience, undertakes INQUIRIES of all kinds, re¬
quiring secrecy and despatch. All matters connected with the Divorce
and other Law Courts attended to. Rents collected.
NOTICE.—BURROW's (MALVERN) GLASSES.
—For the future the eyepieces of Burrow's first class binoculars
will be embossed "W. and J. Burrow, Malvern." Proceedings will be
taken against imitators of this trade mark. Mr. Arnold, 72, Baker¬
street, W., and Messrs. Wales and McCulloch, 56, Cheapside, and
No. 22, Ludgate-hill, are the sole retail London agents for these glasses.
Malvern, May, 1866.
W. and J. BURROW.
THE PLANET JUPITER, with the £5 TELE¬
SCOPE, appears seven times as large as the moon is to the naked
eye ; it will also distinguish the features of a man four miles, and
time by a church clock 10 miles; and it is equal in the most important
respects to telescopes costing £70.—S. and B. SOLOMONS, 39, Albe¬
marle-street, Piccadilly. Full particulars and eight sheets of testi¬
monials, including Lord Rosse's, sent free by book-post.
TINTED SPECTACLE LENSES.—The advantages
of these lenses over all others are, they give great relief to weak,
dim, and defective vision, and exert no injuriously heating induence on
the eyes, for the reason that the delicate and beautiful tint which they
poseess appreaches the colous of the uppermost rays of the solar
spectrum. Copies of testimonials post free. Persons can be perfectly
suited in the country by attending to directions, to be had on applica¬
tion.—S. and B. SOLOMONS, opticians, 39, Albemarle-st., Piccadilly.
FITZROY POCKET WEATHER GLASS, with
compass and thermometer, 30s., formerly £4 10s. Testimonials:
—Capt. Casson, The Firs, Wetherby.—"I am much pleased with the
little e ete e  glas.
Lieut. H. Watkin, R.A., Shoeburyness
"The
weather glass has been performing very well indeed." Capt. Colquhoun,
15th Regiment.—"The weather glass to hand. I like it much." Henry
Tucker, Esq., Lyme Regis.—"It answers admirably. I am enabled
to predict a gale of wind by it long before I can by mercurial weather
glasses."—SOLOMONS, 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
