M.—CALL at Duke-street, and inquire for C. F.
G.—Must commence operations. WRITE at once,
and give address. Only a month more.—G.
SILENCE.—Perhaps I should not know you if I met
you. This grieves me, though you would not care.
R. E. S. JENNINGS is requested to send a
FRESH ADDRESS, or explain delay.—94, Piccadilly.
DOSS.—Just returned to make arrangements. Off
again at end of week. WRITE to Club, telling me all about
. C., who travelled from Verona to Munich on the
17th and 18th of June, is requested to COMMUNICATE with
A. de F., 13, Salisbury-street, Strand. W.C.
INFORMATION WANTED of FRANKLIARDET,
formerly of Melbourne, Australia, who is supposed to have gone to
London as a witness in the Tichborne case. Will hear of something
to his advantage by communicating with R. S. Clyde, attorney and
counsellor-at-law, 625, Merchant-street, San Francisco, Callfornia.
DECOYED from her HOME, in Prussia, on June
24th, by Gypsies then infesting that focality, ANNA BOCKLER,
 years. For fuller particulars see The Times of 8th, 9th, and 10th
inst. A REWARD of £100 fer INFORMATION which shall lead
to her recovery.—Ignatius Poliaky, 13, Paddington-green.
ANN SCHOOKER.—The children of the late Ann
Schooker, hearing that an advertisement appeared a short time
since respecting money belonging to her which had been unclaimed,
would be obliged by the PERSON who advertised COMMUNI¬
CATING with them, and addressing the letter to Mrs. Sully, East
Quantoxhead, Bridgeater.
HAVING been advised that the grounds on which I
supposed that my correspondence had been tampered with are in¬
sufficient to support the allegations contained in several advertise¬
ments published in this column at intervals during the latter half of
last year, and signed P. P.—F. W., and having reason to believe that
some of these advertisements have been misunderstood, and that others
have given offence to persons whom I should be extremely sorry to
have offended, I hereby withdraw and cancel the entire series of the
advertisements referred to.—P. P.—F. W.
INFIRMARY for EPILEPSY and PARALYSIS,
Portland-terrace, Regent's-park.—The Committee thankfully
ACKNOWLEDGE £10 from J. L., for this Charity's exhausted funds.
—C.H. MILLS, M.P., Treasurer.
MATIONAL HOSPITAL, 85, Newman-street, W.—
The Earl of Glasgow, Treasurer, ACKNOWLEDGES, with many
thanks, DONATIONS of FIVE POUNDS from General Spencer Stan¬
hope and Miss E. Tylney Long, in aid of the special fund for carrying
on the work of this Charity.—20th August, 1872.
THE Princess MARYS VILLAGE HOMES for
LITTLE GIRLS.—The RECEIPT of a CHEQUE for £2 from
Miss Tringham, and a promise of £5 from Henry Ro
 are
thankfully ACKNOWLEDGED.—CAROLINE G. CAVENDISH,
Treasurer, Addlestone, Surrey.
LOST, July 26th, at Dover, SMALL PORT¬
MANTEAU, initials J. H. A liberal REWARD will be given if
returned. Contained certificates, letters, and books; no use except
to the owner.—12, Bury-street, St. James's.
LOST or LEFT, in the Metropolitan District Rail¬
way, on Monday, 12th August, a BLACK BAG, containing two
deeds, of no value except to the owner. Any one furnishing informa¬
tion to Messrs. J. M. Drew and Co., stationers, 38. High Holborn, which
may lead to their recovery, shall be liberally REWARDED.
LOST, near Notting-hill-gate, on Monday evening
last, a SMALL, HALF-BRED SKYE and MALTESE TERRIER
DOG: long hair, black and white; answers to the name of Pepper.
ONE POUND REWARD if taken to 18, Sheffield-gardens, Kensing¬
ton, W.
LOST, at the west-end of Hammersmith, on Monday,
12th of August, a LADYS GOLD GENEVA WATCH, and
Vulcanite Chain. TWO POUNDS REWARD will be paid to any per¬
son restoring the same to Mr. Scott, post-office, King William-place,
Hammersmith.
LOST, a WARRANT, for the delivery of eight
harrels sugar, lying at No. 2 Warehouse, West India Docks
bearing the following marks: A Lot 9 8 Barrels, Nos. 60, 59, 64, 67,
65, 66, 61, 62. Warrant No. 49820. Whoever restores the same to J.
Barrett, High-Street, Stepney, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on the 19th inst., a GREEN SILK MEMO¬
RANDUM BOOK, containing a cheque on London and West¬
minster Bank, which has been stopped. TWO POUNDS REWARD
will be paid on recovery. Apply to Herring and Son, 21, Moorgate¬
street, Bank.
LOST, on 17th, BLACK and TAN COLLIE,
14 months old, name Don, put into wrong carriage at Stirling of
train due at Edinburgh 6.25 afternoon; new collar, white chain. ONE
POUND REWARD on recovery. Supposed number of carriage 242.
Address T. P. M., Clarendon Hotel, Edinburgh.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
evening, August 18, about 9 o'clock, in Pembridge-crescent Bays¬
water, a SMALL PUG BITCH, answering to the name of Topsey.
Whoever will take the same to 15, Pembridge-crescent, shall receive the
above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. —LEFT, in a second¬
class carriage of the Eastbourne train, or in a cab betweensEaton¬
place and Victoria Station, on the 18th of July, a WHITE CARD¬
BOARD BOX, containing photographs, a velvet apron trimmed with
lace, and other articles. If taken to 8, Eaton-place, the reward will
be paid.
DOG LOST, on Monday, 19th inst., from the neigh¬
bourhaod of Elgin-road, Edgware-road—a DARK BRINDLE
BULL TERRIER BITCH, white chest and paws, collar with owner's
name and address at Oxford. Whoever will take her or give informa¬
tion to J. F. W., 40, Ladbroke-grove, W., shall be handsomely RE¬
WARDED.
BLACK RETRIEVER DOG STRAYED into
omnibus yard on June 21st. Has on collar, marked E. H.
Tomblin, Leamington. If not claimed within seven days it will be
SOLD.—79, Fairfax-road, Belsize, N.W.
CHURCH CONGRESS, Leeds, October 8th, 9th,
10th, and 11th.—PROGRAMMES and TICKETS now ready¬
Apply to the Acting Secretary, Congress offices, Church Institute,
Albion-place, Leeds.
BAHIA DOCKS.—Translation.—Mancel Jeronime
Ferreira, Secretary of the Municipal Chamber of the Capital of
the Province of Bahia, ex-Lieutenant-Colone, Commander of the 43d
Corps of Patriot Volunteers, decorated with the medals of the War of
Independence and of the Paraguay campaign by His Majesty the Em¬
peror Don Pedro II., &c.
I certify that in the Act of the Session of the Municipal Chamber of
the 18th July of the current year, 1871, appears a decision of the Com¬
mittee of Justice, which was approved, to the following effect:—The
owners of the shores of this city, from the Custom-house to the
station at Jequiatia, appeared to protest before this Chamber against
the Decree No. 4,595, of the 15th of February of the current year, by
which the Government conceded to the Bachelors Francisco Ignacio
Ferreira and Manoel Jesuine Ferreira a privilege for the construction,
either by themselves, or by means of a Company which they might
organize with a capital fund of eight thousand contos of reis, of docks,
warehouses for the reception, storage, and delivery of goods, and other
improvements in the port of this city, and they base their protest
among other considerations which they set forth—Firstly, on the inordi¬
nate nature of the said decres, seeing that the authority conferred by
Decree No. 1,746, on which the said decree was founded, was restricted to
the construction of such docks and warehouses for the storage and recep¬
tion of import and export merchandise, but the said decree went much
further than this, as appears from the fifth condition, number six, pec
mitting the widening, by means of, embankments faced by walls and
quays, of that part of the lower city between the Praga do Commercio
and the aforesaid station.
secondly, on the manifest violation by the said Decree No. 4,695 of
the other in its first article, first paragraph, by the omission of the pre¬
vious presentation of the plans of the contemplated works and of their
subsequent approval, in order that the concession might take place
afterwards; an omission which was contrary to the express stipulations

Thirdly, on the preference shown to the said concessionaires
over the landowners without any reason whatsoever, seeing that the
latter had been the first to apply for the said undertaking, having
made the necessary plans and estimates, and even undertaking to pro¬
duce further plans if the Government should have thought it deairable;

Fourthly and finally, on the injury which the said decree does to
rights already acquired by them, the landowners, who, as proprietors of
large and important establishments, such as wharves, warehouses, and
others of a similar nature for the free landing and shipment of
goods, have long had a right to the preference of the beach fronting
their establishments, as is decreed by all the laws which touch on this
matter, among them, by the law of twenty-second February, 1868,
Article 16, in violation of which the said concession was made, granting
furthermore the power of requisitioning land in despite of the supreme
law of the State, Article 179, paragraph 22, without its being required
for the public benefit, but only for the benefit of a private undertaking,
which could be better and more promptly carried out by the land¬
owners themselves, who dispose of larger means without offending the

The Gommittee, in view of such legitimate reasons set forth
by the landowners, cannot but acknowledge the right and justice
with which their protest is made ; and, as it is equally patent
that the rights of this Chamber with regard to the said concession, re¬
specting which it was never consulted, as was indispensable according
to existing laws, have been ignored, the Committee is of opinion that
this Chamber should take a part in the protest on its own behalf, and
make a note to this effect in the minutes of its proceedings, to be after¬
wards laid before the proper authorities, appealing against the con¬
cession.
Bahia, 18th July, 1871.
(Signed) FRANCISCO JOSE PEREIRA d'ALBUQUERQUE.
Approved. The above is true, and to serve wherever it may be needed
I have had this Certificate drawn up at the office of the Municipal
Chamber of Bahia on the 26th July, 1871.
Bahia, 26th July, 1871.


(Signed) MANOEL JERONIMO FERREIRA.
(Stamp, Rs. 400.)
I certify that the foregoing signature of Manoel Jeronimo Ferreira is
of the own true and proper handwriting of the same Secretary to the
Municipal Chamber of this city, entitled to full farth and credit. An
Act whereof being reguested of me, 1 have granted this under my hand
and seal of office at Bahia this 26th day of July, 1871.
L
(Signed) JOHN MORGAN, Cousul.
NOTICE is hereby given, that I, Margaret Welch¬
man Atwell-Smith, lately called Margaret Welchman Smith, and
now residing at The Cedars, Worsley-road, Southsea, in the county of
Hants, but late of Warleigh-house, Southsea aforesaid, spinster, have
determined to ASSUME and TAKE as from the fifth day of August,
1872, and thenceforth to use the SURNAME of ATWELL-SMITH in
substitution for the surname of Smith, and for the purpose of evi¬
dencing such determination I do hereby declare that I shall at all times
hereafter in all deeds and writings, and in all dealings and transac¬
tions, and on all occasions whatsoever, use the surname of Atwell¬
Smith in substitution for the surname of Smith; and I hereby expressly
authorize and desire every person whomsoever to designate and de¬
scribe me by such surname accordingly.—Dated this 20th day of
August, 1872.
M. W. ATWELL-SMITH.
NOTICE is hereby given, that I, Helena Sarah
Atwell-Smith, lately called Helena Sarah Smith, and now re¬
siding at The Cedars, Worsley-road, Southsea, in the county of Hants,
but late of Warleigh-house, Southsea aforesaid, spinster, have deter¬
mined to ASSUME and TAKE, as from the 5th day of August, 1872, and
thenceforth to use the SURNAME of ATWELL-SMITH, in substi¬
tution for the surname of Smith, and for the purpose of evidencing
such determination I do hereby declare that I shall at all times here¬
after, in all deeds and writings, and in all dealings and transactions,
and on all occasious whatsoever, use the surname of Atwell-Smith in
substitution for the surname of Smith; and I hereby expressly
authorize and desire every person whomsoever to designate and de¬
scribe me by such surname accordingly. —Dated this 20th day of August,
1872.
H. S. ATWELL-SMITH.
NOTICE.—Messrs, CHARLES FRODSHAM and
Co. beg to inform their customers and the public that BUSINESS
is CARRIED ON as usual DURING the ALTERATIONS. Charles
Frodsham and Co., watch, clock, and chronometer makers to Her
Majesty and H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, 84, Strand, London, corner
of Cecil-Street.
NOTICE.—ROWLANDS and FRAZER, jewellers,
&c., respectfully announce that their business is carried on as
usual during the alterations, at the same address 146, Regent-street.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Works of Art.—HENRY
DURLACHER begs to announce that he has REMOVED from
No. 113, New Bond-street, to 9, King-street, St. James's-square, S.W.,
next door to Messrs. Christic, Manson, and Woods.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—The old-established
BUSINESS of H. SEWARD and Co., 15 and 16, Blackman¬
street, Borough, has been removed to G. M. and H. J. Story's whole¬
sale and export cabinet warehouse, 33, London-wall, and 2, Coleman¬
street, E.C.
NOTICE. — Mr. ROGERS, Surgeon-Dentist
(M.R.C.S.E., L.D.S.), begs to announce his REMOVAL from
No. 18, New Burlington-street, to 30, New Cavendish-street, Portland-¬
place, between Wimpole-street and Harley-street.
VELLUM-WOVE CLUB-HOUSE NOTE.—The
public are CAUTIONED against the many worthless imitations
of this incomparable paper.—PARTRIDGE and COOPER, manufac¬
turers and sole vendors, 192, Fleet-street, corner of Chancery-lane.
INOLEUM.—Caution.—The LINOLEUM MANU¬
FACTURING COMPANY (Limited) CAUTION the public
against certain inferior manufactures, which are now being offered in
the name of their celebrated Linoleum Floor Cloth, and have to state
that none is genuine unless stamped at intervals on the back with the
trade mark, and the words "F. Walton's Patent."
CAUTION. —SANITARY WATERPROOF
CLOTH.—Every second yard of this patented material has
stamped on the selvage the words Sanitary Waterproof, as a distin¬
guishing trade mark for cloth sold in the piece, and all garments made
of this Sanitary Waterproof Cloth have a ticket showing the following
trade mark—a device of a heart, tinted blue, with the words Patent
Sanitary Waterproof Cloth shower not air proof. All colourable
imitations of the above will be proceeded against according to law.—
D. NICOLL andCo. 58 and 59. Paternoster-row, St. Paul's churchyard,
Aon.
