DEAR HENRY.—Do WRITE and give your address,
and do not keep me in this dreadful state of suspense.—M. K.
INHAPPY MOO.—A LETTER from her most

wretched B. WAITS at P. O., U. B. street.
NOTICE.—For the future, all ANONYMOUS
LETTERS, addressed "in a semi-printed hand" to Portland-¬
ce, will not be taken in.
RICHMOND to BARNES.—A thousand thanks,
dearest, for yours and its much-prized enclosures. I live on
the past and hope for the future. WRITE sometimes, and let us
meet the carliest opportunity. Meanwhile rely on me. Your own¬
RICHMOND.
ONALD MoM— to the Hon. Walter C.—C.
I waited on Mopday last in the Turkish Bath, West-street
Brighton, from 5 to 6 o'clock. Shall be there again on Monday, 13th

IF JOHN FRASER, now aged about 22 or 23 (who
was educated at St. Andrew's, Fifeshire, North Britain), the son of
the late Mr. Hugh Fraser, Soonderbund Grantee, Bengal, and after
wards a resident in Arundel-Street, Notting-hill, London, will APPLY
to Messrs. Cooke and Holmes, solicitors, Wokingham, Berks, he will
hear of something to his advantage.
DONATION.—The Secretary to the ASYLUM for
FEMALE ORPHANS, Beddington, begs most gratefully to
ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of the (SUM of £1,000, paid by
D. S. W. to Messrs. Hoare and Co., Fleet-street, the bankers to the
Charity. Offices, 32, Essex-Street, Strand W.C.
THE COMMITTEE of the LONDON FEVER HOS¬
PITAL very gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the munificent DO¬
NATION of £1,006, paid into Messrs. Hoare's, on account of the Hos¬

HOSPITAL for DISEASES of the THROAT,
Golden-square, W.—The Committee of Management gratefully
ACKNOWLEDGE the SUM of £100, paid into their bankers by
M. S., on behalf of this deserving Chaar.
EDMUND WYLLIE, Secretary.
SLANDER by DOMESTIC SERVANTS.—Any
lady or gentleman who may have had a successful case at law
against a domestic servant for SLANDER, or any one who can point
out such a case, will oblige by sending a copy of a report of the pro¬
ceedings upon such action, or give the title and date of any journal
containing an account of a successful action at law for an offence of
the above kind. Address Justitia, care of Messrs. Booth, 307, Regent¬
street, London.
LOST, in a caby on Tuesday evening last, between
Glocester-place and the Haymarket Theatre, a PLAIN GOLD
BRACELET. Any one taking the
icester-place,
Portman-square, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REVARD.
LOST, aupposed to have been dropped in a cab from
Charing-cross Theatre to Maitand park
Friday evening
Dec. 10, a GOLD and TURQUOISE BRACELET. Whoever wil
take the same to 44, Maitland-park-road, shall receive THIRTY

LEFT in a Hansom CAB, at the entrance to the
Peninsular and Oriental office, in Leadenhall-Street, on Monda
last, 6th inst., between 1 and 2 p.m., a SMALL BLACK LEATHER
BAG, with two handles and case lock. TWO POUNDS REWARD
will be given to any one taking the same, with contents intact, to
No. 31. Gordon-road, Stoke Newington, N.
REWARD (SIX POUNDS).—LOST, a GOLD
OPEN-FACED VERTICAL WATCH, with gold dial, No. 3,681,
on Tuesday, 23 November, between Temple-bar and Drury-lane,
Whoever will take the same to Losada's, 105, Regent-street, shall re¬
ceive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD. —LOST, a ROUND
BROOCH, with roses and forget-me nots on the stone. Who¬
ever has iound the same, and will take it to 13, Great Ormond-street,
Bloomsbury, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—To Cabmen and others.
—LOST, on Wednesday evening, the 8th inst., a BROOCH, aqua
marine stone, set in filigree gold, either at or near St. James'-kall, or
in a cab between the Brixton-road and the Piccadilly entrance. Any
one finding the same, and returning it to Holly-cottage, Brixton-road,
shall receive the above reward.
NOTICE.—The CREDITORS of Mrs. WAGON,
grocer, &c., of Mount Ephraim, Tunbridge-well, are requested to
send a statement of their claims to Messrs. John Bath and Co., ac¬
countants, of 40, King William-street, E.C., by return of post, and not
consent to the deed of assignment, which has been made without the
consent of the e trea d e ere e er e
RE MITCHELL and PHILLIPS.—The CREDI¬
TORS of this firm are requested to ATTEND a MEETING, to
be held at the Guildhall Tavern, Gresham-street, on Wednesday next,
the 15th inst., at 2 o'clock precisely, to take into consideration their
position, and, in the meantime, they are requested not to assent to any
deed of assignment. Creditors are also requested to send their names
and the amount of their claims to Messrs. Lumley and Lumley, 15,Old
Jewry-chambers, solicitors, from whom any further information re¬
quired may be obtained.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT of PROBATE.—The
Principal Registry.—To WILLIAM MANN, late of Notting-hill,
in the county of Middlesex.—Take notice, that a CITATION has issued
under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated the 25th day of No¬
vember, 1899, whereby you are cited to accept or refuse the letters of ad¬
ministration, with the will annexed, of the personal estate and effects of
John Varney, late of No.2, Walmer-cottages, Walmer-road, Notting-hill, in
the county of Middlesex, carman and contractor, deceased, as the curator
or guardian of and for the use and benefit of William John Mann, son,
of you, the said William Mann, a minor, the residuary legatee named
in the will of the said deceased, or show cause why the same should
not be granted to Edward Ashdown, as the curator or guardian duly
elected of the said William John Mann, for his use and benefit until
he shall attain the age of 21 years, with an intimation that in default
of your so doing the said letters of administration will be granted to
the said Edward Ashdown.	EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
REGIMENTAL DEBTS ACT, 1863.—Notice is
hereby given, that Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State fo
India in Council holds in his hands, for distribution among the NEX
of KIN of each of the DECEASED OFFICERS and SOLDIERS
named in a list hereunder written, the sum of money opposite to each

Applications from persons supposing themselves entitled, as next of
kin, should be addressed by letter to the Military Secretary, India
Office, S.W.
As further lists will from time to time be published, it will facilitate
the applicants' inquiries to give the date of the notice in which the de¬
ceased office's or soldier's name appeared. Dated this 11th day of
December, 1869.
By or e
cipal Secretary.
T. T. PEARS, Major-General, Military Secretary.
List of the Names of Officers and Soldiers deceased since March, 1865,
whose personal estate is held by the Secretary of State for India in
Council, for admimstration among the Next of Kin:—
Name.
Rank.
Regiment.
Amount.
Willim Sevell Cuner. Jartilery
Henry Keough Gunner
Artillery
Thomas Barnes Private
Invalid Battalion 
Thos. Brennan SSergeant

E. J. Tennant
Private Sappers and Miners

Private
Invalid Battalion
Wuliam Low.
Conductor
Ordnance Department
John Shiron

Ordnance Department
Hugh D. Joue Surgeon
Medical Department222.
Archbd. S.Hai.
Major. Staff Corps.
Charles Jones.
Corporal
Invalid Battalion 
J. Whitenead.
Private Depot, Infantry Company) 2 15 10

funner...Invalid Battalion
 J. Dunning
orporal
Local Company of Infantry 15 13 115.
MADRAS.
J. Ma'Laren  Private
Invalid Battalion 41 4 3
BOMBAY.
E. A. Donglas. (Lieutenapt 113th Native Infantry10 19 0
H. Jno. Fitter
Vet.-Surg.Artillery
0 16 0.
B e. Barton
Vet.-Burg. Artillery
MR. W. Richards Major
16th Native Infantry
65
Hodgkinson LieuColonel
8th Native Infantry.
E. Taylor.
Sub-Conducton.
Ordpance Department8 0 79
NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP
between the undersigned John Rennic, James Hemingway, and
Joun Logan, in the trade or business of contractors for public works,
carried on at No. 21, Stumford-street, Blackfriars, in the county of
surrey and elsewhere, under the style or firm of James Renuis and
Co., was this day DISSOLVED by mutual consent, an 1 that in future
such business will be carried on by the said John Logan alone, under
the same style or firm of James Renuie and Co., who will pay and
receive all debts owing from and to the said partnership.—As witness
our hands this 8th day of December, 1869,
JOHN RENNIE.
JAMES HEMINGWAY.
JOHN LOGAN.
NORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Westm nster Union.——I, the undersigned J. H.
Mitchiner, Auditor of the above named distriet, do hereby give notice
that 1 have APPOINTED the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the
WESTMINSTER UNION, and of the parishes therein contained, for
the half-year ended 25th September, 1859, to commence on Monday,
the 27th day of December, 1869, at 10 o'clook in the forenoon, at the
Workhouse, Poland-street, when and where all persons who by law
are bound to account at such audit are required to attend, and to
submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers containing or relating
to the accounts or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief
of the poor. —Dated the 11th day of December, 1863.
. H. MITCHINER. District Auditor.
PERSONS of the NAMES of BIGNELL, Clarke,
Courthope, Cowley, Cowper, Cox, Creswell, Crosby, Cross, Hob¬
man, Hoperaft, Huskins, Jackson, Jekyli, Macie, Ogilvie, Slaney,
Todd, and Waterfall will find some valuable information concerning
those families, which may prove very greatly to their advantage, now
bublished in the 28th number of RESEARCHES RESPECTING
FAMILY HISTORY, Un laimed Property, and Estates in Abeyance.
Price 5s., or sent free for 62 postage stamps. Address James H. Fennell,
No. 8, Clarence-place, Clapton-square, London, N.E.
NEXT of KIN (new edition just published).—A
classified and descriprive INDEX (of 10,000 names guaranteed)
to Advertisements for Next of Kin, Chancery Heirs, Leuatees, &c¬
from 1700 to 1859, post free for 32 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER,
No. 17, Southampton-buiidings, Chancer-lan.
W.C.
NOTICE.—Messrs.
SAVORY and MOORE,
chymists to the Queen, of 143, New Bond-street, find it necessary
to intimate to their patrons and the public that since the amalgamation
of their Regent-street branch with the establishment in New Bond¬
street, their ONLY BRANCH HOUSES are at 1, Lancaster-gate,
Hyde-park, and 29, Chapel-street, Belgrave-square, and that they have
no connexion with any other establishment in London.
NOTICE.—Mr. C. F. HANCOCK, senior partner
of the firm of C. F. Hancock, Son, and Co., 39, Bruton-street,
comer of Bond-street, begs respectfully to inform his patrons that
he will retire from business at the end of the present year ; the firm
for the future will consist of his son, Mr. Mortimer Hancock, Mr.
Stewart, and Mr. Dore. In consequence of the retirement of the senior
partnuer, the whole of the valuable stock or DIAMONDS, Jewellery,
Plate, and Works of Art, in gold and silver, is now being SOLD at
greatly reduced prices.
NOTICE.—Messrs. D. NICOLL and Co., Merchant
and Wholesale Clothiers, corner of Fell-street and Monkwell¬
street, city, have to announce that they do not in any way seil goods
retall; and, except to members of the trade dealing with them, they
cannot from this date show at the above warehouse or at their rastories
either patented garments or the machinery by aluch they aae pro¬
duced. This notice is necessary owing to the widle spread curtosity
now existing, especially with regard to the process of manufacturing
the Rug Paletot, a garment without a seam, produced entiely by ma¬
chinery from raw dyed wool, and through the several processes of
weaving, cutting, sewing, &c., till it is ready for the wearer's use.
Members of the press, who have shared in the general curiecity on the
subject, have thus reperted their opiions
"The Rug Paletot is an ingeniously contrived and exceedingly ser¬
viceable garment."— ourt Journal.
"The Rug Paletot is, without exaggeration, a marvel of chespness
and serviceableness."— Weekly Register.
The great novelty of the season is undoubtedly the Rug Paletot."
—Court Circular.
"The Rug Paletot, varying from half-a-guinea to a guinea, places
it within the reach of all."—Draper.
"The Rug Palctot, the most useful and economical article of olothing
ever brought under our notice."— Bell's Weekly Messen,er.
"No one should be without one of Nicoll's Rug Palciots."—Illus¬
trated Sporting News.
"Anything better looking of its kind and cheaper has never been
devised."—Observer.
Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co. have hit upon a novelty in the way of
clothing of a very ingenious, useful, and economic character. The
fame of this firm as patentees of improved garments is well known.
The Rug Paletot is the most useful article of clothing that has ever
been brought under our notice. It is formed to fit anybody either as
a cloak or as a railway rug, and it is said that specimens may be had at
every bookstall and railway station throughout the kingdom."—Sunday

The trade mark of Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co. consists of their
namie, and the shields of arme of London and
aise i a label or
loop attached to each garment. A stock is kept by the principal
clothiers, hosiers, and drapers throughout the kingdom. Their ad¬
dreeses will be forwarded on applicaton to 6, Fell-Street, Wood¬
street, London, to which place notice of any infringement of trade
mark or patent rights may be sent. This mark should always be in¬
quired for by customers, as it is never attached to any other than
goods of first-rate quaiities. All Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co.'s fashion¬
able garments thereby sustain a reputation of more than a quarier of
a century's standing, and in retiring from the retail, and adhering to
the wholesale trade, the opportunity has been enlarged for the public
to obtain Messrs. D. Nicoll and Co.'s manufactures through more
than 800 agencies.
THE public are CAUTIONED against IMITA¬
TIONS of the NEW VELLUM WOVE CLUB-HOUSE NOTE.
This paper has been manufactured to meet the universally-experienced
want—Lc., a paper which shall in itself combine a perfectly smooth
surface with total freedom from grease. It is made from the best linen
rags only, possesses great tenacity and durability, and is equally well
adapted for quill or steel per
Sample packet post free for 18 stamps.
(Signed)	PARTRIDGE and COOPER, sole manufacturers
vendors, 192, Fleet-street, E.C.
NOTICE.—Mr. E. HARTRY, surgeon-dentist, in
consequenee of the death of his brother, has REMOVED from
No. 42, Harley-street, Cavendish-square, to 41. St. Martin's-lane 2ra¬.
algar-square, the original firm.
