—For God's sake, SEND to the General Post-office
for LETTERS. They will relieve your mind.
Y.—£50.—COMMUNICATE without delay, and
rely confidently on the strictest secresy.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—Whereas, DONALD
FRASER MUNRO, late Chief Booking-Clerk at the London
minus of the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway, has
ABSCONDED, after stealing the sum of £240, the moneys of his em¬
ployers, the said London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Com¬
pany, notice is hereby given, that the above reward will be paid by
Mr. R. R. Sadler, solicitor, 28, Golden-square, to any person giving
such information as shall lead to the apprehension and conviction of
the said Donald Fraser Munro. Information to be given to the De¬
tective Departments of the Metropolitan and City Police, or to any
police station in the United Kingdom.
MISSING, a GENTLEMAN, from his home, since
the 27th of April last, supposed to have emigrated to New
Zealand or the United States of America. Description—height 5ft. 8
or 9, age 45 years, proportionately built, stoops, thin face and wrinkled,
fair complexion (at times flushed), long nose, thin light brown hair,
and whiskers extending under chin, rather bald on the top of his head,
decayed teeth in frout, mark under one of his eyes, wears spectacles,
large mole on the groin, had a plaister round his loins. Dressed in
round Petersham coat (braided), pockets on the hips and one outside
on the left breast, dark trousers, dark vest buttoned up to the throat,
black hat and band, pair of Wellington boots (recently repaired), new
flannel shirt and drawers, plaid scarf, coloured shirt and white collar,
worsted stockings (red stripes round the top). Whoever will give such
information as will lead to his discovery shall be handsomely RE¬
WARDED upon application to Messrs. Forrester and Goddard,
No. 8, Danes-inn, St. Clement's, Strand, W.C.
LOST, on July 12th, in the neighbourhood of Port¬
man-square or Oxford-street, a CAMEO BROOCH (with head),
and a pebble bracelet. Whoever will bring them to Mrs. Humphrey,
No. 76, Baker-street, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, July 15, a GOLD GENEVA WATCH,
without chain or key. Drael between Thitchener's (watch
mrker) and Rutland-gate. If th: mder will bring the watch to 61, Rut¬
lfind-gate, he will be handsome! REWA RDED
LOST, in the Crystal Palace, on Saturday afternoon,
BACK LACE PARASOL, lined with gray silk,
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD if brought to Westerton's library, St.
George's-place, Knightsbridge.

LOST, in Hyde-park, on Sunday afternoon, a SET
of ARTIFICIAL TEETH. Whoever will brin
the housekeeper, 57, Lincoln's-inn-fields, shall receive ONE POUND
REWARD.
LOST in or near the Telegraph-office, Charing-cross,
a TEN-POUND NOTE, No. 47,540, in two halves. Stopped at
the Bank. Whoever will bring the same to 18, Upper Bedford-place,
shall receive TWO POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, on the 12th, near the Exhibition ground,
Hyde-park, between 6 and 7 in the evening, a SKYE TERRIER,
ong fawn coloured hair muzzle and tips of ears black. Nam
Whoever brings him to 15, Montpelier-place, Brompton, shall be
REWARDED.
LOST, in June, 1860 (TWENTY-FIVE POUNDS
REWARD), an ANTIQUE GOLD RING, with butterfly designed
in small rubies and diamonds. An oval turquoise cameo ditto, subject
hands clasped, small diamond on each side; an onyx mourning ditto,
set round with stones, centre one oblong with motto, Respice Finem.
Apply to Mr. Cayley, 43, Pall-mall, S.W.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the night
of the 15th inst., in the Dr. Johnson Billard Saloon, a plain
GOLD RING, with an odd inscription, and containing hair. Anybody
handing the same to Mr. Bowles, proprietor of that place, shall receive
the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—To Cabmen.—LEFT,
in a Hanson cab, from the Great Western Station, on the evening
of June 26, a CANVASS BAG, containing a Macintosh, pair of lea¬
ther leggings, and fishing-tackle. Whoever brings the same to 19, Grove¬
terrace, Grove-road, St. John's wood, shall receive the above reward.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LOST, at the Opera,
Covent-garden, either in getting out of the carriage or in the box,
on Saturday night, July 13, a BRACELET cameo head (female), size
of a shilling, with the new-fashioned gold band for wrist. It belongs
to Mrs. Turner, 31, Lower Phillimore-place, Kensington. No further
reward will be offered.
STRAYED, between 8 and 12 o'clock on Sunday
morning, from 15, Curzon-street, a small BLACK CURLY¬
COATED RETRIEVER BITCH. Answers to the name Gip.
same to 15, Curzon-street, shall receive TWO
POUNDS REWARD.
INHer MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE. —To all
PERSONS
eneral having any RIGHT, title, or interest in and to
the PERSONAL ESTATE and EFFECTS of WILLIAM QUIBELL,
otherwise Quible, deceased.—Take notice, that a CITATION has
issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated the 12th
day of July, 1861, whereby all persons in general having any right, title.
or interest in and to the personal estate and effects of William Quibell,
otherwise Quible, formerly of Loughton en le Morthen, in the county of
York, blacksmith, and late a seaman on board the whaling ship or
vessel Emeline, deceased, are cited to accept or refuse letters of ad¬
ministration of the personal estate and effects of the said deceased,
or show cause why such letters of administration should not be granted
to Joseph Lister and Hannah Burrows, the natural and lawful brother
and sister by the half blood, and Sarah Ogden the natural and lawful
sister by the whole blood of the said deceased; and take notice that,
in default of your appearance within 30 days, the said letters of ad¬
ministration will be granted to the said Joseph Lister, Hannah Bur¬
rows, and Sarah Ogden.
H. L. STRONG, Registrar.
GEORGE FIELDER, 14, Godliman-street, Doctors'-commons.
NOTICE of SALE.—The following WINES, lying
at Fennings' wharf, Tooley-street will, unless TAKEN AWAY
within 10 days and charges paid, be SOLD, to pay expenses:— entered
by Aubriet and Co., 21st, 5th, 1860, 10 cases, Sir Ed. Banks; do., do.,
10th, 5th, 1860, 17 cases, Triton: do., do., 25th, 6th, 1860, 5 cases,
Hanover; do., do., 7th, 6th, 1860, 11 cases, Triton. —R. L. and J. Fen¬
nings', wharfinger.
CANGSTER's ALPACAUMBRELLAS.—Caution.
—Whereas, alpaca umbrellas have lately been offered for sale
without license from Messrs. W. and J. Sangster, the proprietors of Mr.
W. Sangster's patent for the alpaca umbrella, and without the labels
issued by the patentee under arrangement with the trade for denoting
that his stipulated Royalty has been paid. Notice is hereby given,
that immediate proceedings will be taken against all persons who, after
this notice, infringe the said patent by making up, or dealing in, alpaca
umbrellas to which the patentee's labels are not affixed. —Dated
June 1, 1861.
AT a MEETING of the Southwark Foreign Suffer¬
ance Wharfingers' Association, held this 16th day of July, 1861,
it was resolved,—
That, after careful consideration of the new tariff of rates for fire
insurance just issued by various of the leading insurance offices, and
which tariff, in the ppinion of this Meeting, is unreasonable and unsound
in principle, the nembers of this Association are of opinion that an
effort should be made to establish additional fire insurance companies,
being fully satisfied that mercantile insurance upon a more cquitable
scale of rates than that just published, and insurance upon private
house property at reduced rates, will afford highly remunerative em¬
ployment for a large amount of capital.
JONES and ARKCOLL, 190, Tooley-street, Southwark,
Secretaries to the Association.
DULWICH PICTURE GALLERY.—By authority
of the Governors of Dulwich College this GALLERY will
be CLOSED to the public on Thursday, the 18th instant, for that
DAY only.
ROYAL HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.—
PROMENADE, To-morrow (Wednesday), and every Wednesday
and Saturday in July. The public admitted on Saturdays. Tickets
2s. 6d. each. Bands at 4.
A Ballot for the Election of Fellows will take place July 29.
The Great Dahlia Show Wednesday, Sept. 11. Tickets 2s. 6d.
CARRIAGE REGULATIONS. — PRIVATE
EVENING FETES at CREMORNE.—Regulations to prevent
obstructions by carriages on Thursday, 18th July, and Wednesday, 24th

Setting Down.
From London, carriages to proceed along the left-hand side of the
King's-road, set down at the Royal entrance, and draw off along King's¬
road up Gunter's-grove and Fulham-road, and remain as directed.
Carriages of the Lady Patronesses are to proceed by King's-road,
Beaufort-street, along the water side to the hotel entrance, where they
will set down, take up, and return by the same route.
Waiting and Taking Up.
Carriages are to form in line in Gunter's-grove and Fulham-road.
No carriages or vehicles of any description (except those which have
set down company at the Royal Cremorne Gardens) will be allowed to
remain on the roads near the gardens, but will remain where directed
by the police.
Carriages will be stopped by the police at any place, when necessary,
to prevent obstructions.
Servants and others waiting are to remain where directed by the
police, to prevent obstructions of the footways.
RICHARD MAYNE, Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis.
Metropolitan Police-office, 4, Whitchall-place, July, 1861.
GREMORNE.—PRIVATE EVENING FETES,
at the Royal Cremcrne Gardens, To-morrow, July 18, and Wed¬
nesday July 24, in aid of the funds for the relief of the Spital¬
fields Weavers and the Spitalfields Emigration Committee.
List of LADIES PATRONESSES, from whom vouchers for tickets

Duchess of Wellington
Countess of Kinnoull
Duchess of Hamilton
Countess of Hopetoun
Duchess of Beaufort.
Countess of Malmesbury
Duchess of Marlborough
Countess of Yarborough
Duchess of Manchester
Viscountess Combermere
Marchioness of Downshire
Lady Harriette Ashley
Maria, Marchioness of Allesbury
Lady Charlotte Schreiber
Marchioness of Clanricarde
Lady Egerton of Tatton
Countess of Chesterfield
Baroness Lionel de Rothschild.
Dowager Countess of Essex.
Baroness Anthony de Rothschild
Countess of Derby
Lady Olliffe.
The entertainments, illuminations, and decorations will be upon a
scale of more than ordinary attraction. Admission ticket (in exchange
for a Lady Patroness' voucher), half-a-guinca, admitting to all the
varied entertainments without any extra charge. Vouchers for tickets
may now be exchanged at Mr. Mitchell's library, 33, Old Bond-street.
Vouchers not exchanged within two days of each fete will be charged 15s.
Special Notice.—It having been suggested that some amusements at
an early hour might be acceptable to the juvenile members of the
families who may be present at the fetes, it is proposed, with the sanc¬
tion of the Ladies Patronesses, to arrange an Hour's Entertainment,
from half-past 5 until about half-past 6 or 7 o'clock, to include the infla¬
tion and ascent of the balloon, the starting of 12 small balloons, of varied
colours, as a race—Mdlle. Vandermeersch and her Marvellous Birds.
The Educated Dogs and Monkeys—A Visit to the wonderful Alpine
Panorama of the Pass of the St. Gothard and Cascade of Real Water
from the Devil's-bridge—The Grotto and Fernery and a Ballet Diver¬
tissement in the small Theatre, &c.
Family tickets, for children under 12, admitting four, will be issued
at half-price, upon vouchers from the Ladies Patronesses, and by
application at Mr. Mitchell's library.
CREMORNE.—PRIVATE FETES, To-morrow,
July 18, and Wednesday, July 24, in behalf of the Spitalfields
Weavers' and Emigration Funds. Vouchers may now be exchanged for
tickets, 10s. 6d. each, admitting to all the varied entertainments, at
Mr. Mitchell's Royal library 33, Old Bond-street. Applications for
vouchers may be addresed to M oa.
ess.
te ckets not
obtained until the morning of each fete will be charged 15s. each.
ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS, Regent's-park.
Open daily (Sundays excepted). Admission 1s, on Mondays, 6d.
The band of the Roval Horse Guards will, by permission of Colonel
Baille, perform in the gardens every Saturday, at 4 o'clock, until fur¬
ther notice. Among the latest additions is a brood of young emus,
atched in the gardens. An official guide book is sold in the gardens,
price 6d.
PRIVATE EVENING FETES at CREMORNE.—
Special Notice.—The gardens being engaged by the Committee for
TWO PRIVATE FETES, on the evening of Thursday, the 18th, and
Wednesday, the 24th inst., in aid of the funds for distressed Spitalfields'
Weavers, and the Spitalfields Emigration Society, admission can be
obtained only by tickets in exchange for vouchers issued by the ladies
patronesses, consequently no money can be received at the gates on
those two evenings.
ROYAL CREMORNE GARDENS.—Most brillant
success of LEOTARD and the FEMALE SWISS SINGERS.
A constant round of popular amusements. The gardens in resplen¬

ission 1s. N.B. N.
Simpson's Benefit on Thurs¬
day, the 25th inst. Tickets half-a-crown.
CHALLENGE to BLONDIN.—ROYAL PAVI¬
LION GARDENS North Woolwich.—Mr. DALBE
reat English Rope Waker, will make his third ascent THIS DAY,
July 17, on arope 1,000 ft., long and 150 ft. high. Mr. D'Alberte is pre¬
pared to perform any feat that Mr. Blondin dare do. Admission,

ANERLY-GARDENS TAVERN and HOTEL.
What Asnières is to Paris, so is Anerly to London. Successfully

ARGYLL ROOMS, GRAND INSTRUMENTAL
CONCERT, selections from all the favourite operas
opular dance music, by the celebrated Argy,
Snaen dn Conduetor—M.
Lamotte. Cornet—M. Boulcourt. Admission 1s.
CHILDREN's RIFLES, Accoutrements and Mili¬
tary Toys kent in great variety at W. LEUCHAR's, the London
toy ward
onse, 3, Cheapsid d
Where also every novelty

in the best continental and home markets may be obtained.
GORRUGATED IRON, galvanized or black, for
roofs and sheds, at home, or packed for exportation. Estimates
and designs
nished for every description of large or small building
by A. MOREWOOD and Co., London and Birmingham. Address
all letters to Dowgate Dock, Upper Thames-street.
TURKEY CARPET, 20 feet by 12 feet 6 inches,
new within six months, to be SOLD, for 14 guineas, cost £28. Ap
ply to S., 35, Bloomsbury-square.
