MILTON C. G.—Pray,

S RITE to me, an
possible.—Q. by A.

JOHN PORTER HUMPHREYS
Southampton without delay. His son is dange.

J. N.—Did you get my Letter? I am affe.
thought it unkind. Forgive me. I am sorry to leave.
s
¬
jected to any harsh treatment let me know at once. Ever yours.—

RETHNAL-GREEN DISPENSARY. (Read "The

Lssats
eseo

SHOULD Mr. JOSEPH OPPENHEIM be
RETURNING to MELBOURNE he will oblige a recent railway
acquaintance by giving some INFORMATION about it.—Passport,

MISSING, from her home, a YOUNG WOMAN,


Leeese¬
emmesusemesen
tion will be most gratefully received by Mr. Coolen, 14, Gilbert-street,
Bloomsbury) W.C.
YSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARED.—ONE
HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—MISSING, a GENTLE¬
MAN, of th) name of Barrington; about 28 years of age, looks older,

Leanselee

certificate of death will entitle the bearer to the above reward. In¬


.
LOST, on Monday last, between Brompton and

POUND REWARD.—I1. Priory-grove, West Brompton, S.W.
LOST, a GREEN LEATHER PURSE, brass-bound,

semceagesssspcen
Lh eessstsse

LOST, on Monday evening, Sept. 26, in Oxford¬
street (between Holles-street and Princes-street), a WHITE



POUNDS IEWARD.
WARRANT LOST. —LOST, or mislaid, a VICTO


bring the ssime to J. Brown, 25, Philpot-lane, shall be amp

LEYS LOST—a bunch of keys (includir.
Chublis patent) on a steel ring, somewhere betweer.
eemustmo

and Son. 57, St. Paul's churchyard.
SATCH.

et, Cheapside.

 large-sized
FOUND, by a peo sh e
DIANND, cut à jour, value 1,000 nners, on the road between

English. Te owner is requested to communicate with Mr. Pollaky,

LAWRENCE, Mayor.
COURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held in
a.—
oes
reign of Vttoria of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire¬
land Queer &c.
Persons to, at their own request, have been discharged from the
office of biker within the city of London and its liberties, viz:—
Residences.
Names.
Custom-house Quay.
William Jon Hall
Frederick lavid Goldsmid	12, King's Arms-yard, Moorgate¬
street
David Willam Nell 70, Great Tower-street

Henry Jol White 
Arthur Poichin Silberrad.. 5, Harp-lane, Great Tower-street
George Loleless Stock Exchange
James Vahouse9, Mincing-lane,
WOODTHORPE.
LAWRENCE, Mayo
COURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held in


reign of Vetoria of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire¬
land Quees, &c.
Person Amitted to act as a broker within the city of London and
its libertid viz.:—
Residence.
Name.
Robert White
6, Mincing-lane.
WOODTHORPE.
NORPH-EAST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
—

named disrict, do hereby give notice that I have appointed the AUDIT
of the AGOUNTS of the above named parish, for the half-year ended
the 29th dy of September, 1864, to commence on Friday, the 14th day
of Octobel 1864, at half-past 11 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Board
Room, Himpstead Workhouse, when and where all persons who by
law are beind to account at such audit are required to attend, and to
submit albooks, documents, bills, and vouchers, containing or relating
to the acdunts or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief
of the pos. — Dated the 28th day of Sentemb
THOS. W. RATCLIFF, District Auditor.,
OFFCE of LAND REGISTRY—No. 167.—Hani¬
can-lodge or Ravenswood Estate, Sand Mst, and Wokingham,
Berks.— the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53,
notice is lereby given, that, on the application of Robert Gibson, of
Sandhurs' lodge, in the county of Berks, Esq., the purchaser (with the

Bristol, the county of Glocester clerk, and George Cappelen Sawyer,
of Henbity, in the said county of Glocester, Esq., the vendors), the
Registufof the Office of Land Registry intends, at the expiration of

essostonoetondbetsenneaens
HANICIN's-LODGE or RAVENSWOOD ESTATE, and situate in
the parshes of Sandhurst and Wokingham, in the county of Berks,
containng 289a. 3r. 32p., or thereabout, in the occupation of Captain
Sawyer, of Hanican's-lodge, and which hereditaments are delineated
on the lap. No. 167, deposited by the applicant in the Office of Land

red, toather with the mines and minerals under the same heredita¬
ments, I any person objects to, or desires to show cause against, such
registrabn, or claims that the same should be subject to any con¬
ditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or encumbrance,

trar, sbuld be entered on the register with reference to such heredita¬
ments such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No. 34Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the
said tiree calendar months from the date hereof, personally or by his
solicibiior counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objec¬
tion, into show cause against, or to make such claim in respect of, such
registition. But any person desiring to make such objection or claim
must lige the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and
with hiname and address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry be¬
fore thexpiration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof otherwise he will be excluded from making the same. The
said sap of the said hereditaments, deposited in the Office of Land
Registy, may be inspected at the said office at any time before the ex¬
piratin of the said three calendar months from the date hereof.—
Dated this 1st day of October, 1864.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
PONTIFEX and WEST, Solicitors to the Applicant,
No. 5, St. Andrew's-court, Holborn, London.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
cautin the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz:—472, Oxford-street,
W. C. and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
CUTION.—MENIER's CHOCOLATE (Chocolat¬
Menier).—Important Notice.—To avoid being deceived by resem¬
blane in the form of the cakes, colour of the covering, arrangement of
the lbel, and that quasi-similarity of names which imitators have in¬
ventd for the purpose of passing off their chocolate as the Chocolat¬
Me)er, the purchasers should look for the trade marks, the real name
upd, the back of each division of the cake, and the signature Menier
updithe seal of the cover. Imitators try especially the fine quality
(yelow paper) at the price marked 2s. per pound, because it is this thet
therblic have particularly adopted; it gives the highest satisfaction
bol for its low price.
bo e its excellent quality. Wholesale Menier,
Noe3, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden, W.C.
MAVANA CIGARS.—Important to Smoking Con¬
noisseurs.—Messrs. J. H. WOLFF and Co., general shipping
an(commission agents, Southampton, beg to announce, that, in con¬
juition with their correspondents in Havana, they have extended
thi establishments for the supply to noblemen, gentlemen, and the
getral public of genuine HAVANA CIGARS and TOBACCO. The
vaious cigars introduced by J. H. Wolff and Co. are selected by their
ow agents in Havana, from the choicest brands produced in the Is¬
lall of Cuba, and are imported direct by the Royal Mail Steamers into
thir warehouses in the Southampton Docks, embracing the most ex¬
celnt descriptions, and such as have hitherto been rarely brought into
th European markets, the agency having been established some years
bak to secure for consumption in this country and to supply to the
pulic at moderate prices cigars of genuine Havana manufacture of the
met delicate brands, instead of cigars of British and continental make,
soonstantly paimed off by the dealers. Consumers can select their brands
an be supplied direct from the warehouses of J. H. Wolff and Co.
N(2. Canute-road. Docks, Southampton, or from the following special
agnts:—London, Eives and Macey, 61, King William-street; D. Miller,
No61, Cheapside ; H. Coleman and Co., 28, Regent-street, Waterloo¬
plee; Liverpool, J. R. Isaac, 62, Castle-street; Manchester, Alfred Sim¬
mus, 21, Cross-street; Bradford, Yorkshire, B. Wild and Co.; South
amton, G. Phillips and Co., 12, High-street; Birmingham, W. H.
Gddard, 1, Friday-bridge; Plymouth, C. G. Gibson, Central-hall
Stres; Brighton, John Phillips, 154, Marine-parade. N.B. Applica¬
tios for agencies will be considered from respectable parties, willing to
gie security and (for the protection of the public) to undertake to sup¬
pl only the cigars and tobacco guaranteed by this establishment.
REPAVING of OXFORD-STREET.—WILLIAM
S. BURTON, furnishing ironmonger to His Royal Highness the
Pince of Wales, begs to inform his customers that now carriages can

NOTICE.—Re-paving Oxford-street.—G. POLAND
and SON, fur manufacturers, 90, Oxford-street, beg respectfully
tonform their patrons that carriages can set down in Market-street,
thir establishment being only two doors nearer Regent-street.
NOMOEOPATHIC CHYMISTS.—Messrs. LEATH
nd ROSS, chymists by appointment to the London Homeo¬
pthic Hospital, respectfully inform their customers that business is
erried on as usual during the enlargement of premises, at 9, Vere¬

NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. HARRY
EMANUEL, jeweller to Her Majesty the Queen and to their
loyal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales, begs to announce
tiat he has REMOVED from Hanover-square, and 70 and 71, Brook¬
greet, to his new premises, 18, New Bond-street, and 12, Clifford-st.
NOTICE.—M. WATHERSTON (late of Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden) begs respectfully to inform the nobility
and gentry that his late partnership having been dissolved, he now
cerries on the same system of business at 12. Pall-mall east, adjoining
the National Gallery, under the firm of Watherston and Son.
NOTICE. —Removal.—The BUSINESS of PETER
ROBINSON's MOURNING WAREHOUSE, 103 and 104, Ox¬
ford-street, will shortly be REMOVED to more extensive premises
(late Hodge, Lowman, and Orchard's), 256 to 262, Regent-street, of which
dite notice will be given.
NOTICE.—Carriages Setting Down in Oxford¬
street.—C. NOSOTTI, Decorator and Carver and Gilder, 398,
309, and 399a, Oxford-street, opposite Newman-street, begs to inform
the nobility and gentry that during the repaving of Oxford-street,
carriages can pass to his establishment by the east end of the street;
or may approach by way of Dean-street, Newman-street, or Rathbone¬
place.
PELLATT and Co. beg to CONTRADICT the
REPORT that they have REMOVED. They still carry on
business at their old-established premises, the Falcon Glass Works,
Holland-street, Blackfriars-road, near the Chatham and Dover Rail¬

THE RANTOONE, 142 and 143, Cheapside,
London.
MERICA.—PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE,
established 1852, under the direction of CHARLES FREDE¬
RICK FIELD, late chief of the Metropolitan Detective Police.—An
officer of this establishment having sailed on Thursday in the Jura
from Liverpool to Quebec on a "special mission," any inquiries
desired to be made in the principal cities of Canada will be attended to
by forwarding particulars, before 5 o'clock on Wednesday next, to
acee
MAQUES's NEW WINTER GAMES:—Parlour
Croquet, £2 and upwards; Dartelle, 10s. 6d.; Ringolette, 14s.;
The Bride, 1s.: Patchesi, 8s. 6d. and 10s. 6d.; Happy Families, 1s.;
Arena, 12s. 6d.; Whitworth Gun, 12s. 6d. Sold by Cremer, 27, New
Bond-street; Spurin, 37, New Bond-street; Spratt, 2, Brook-street;
zzard, 46, Upper Brook-street; Thyer, 119, Westbourne-grove; Rose,
No. 203, Sloane-street; Asser and Sherwin, 81, Strand: Wyatt,
No. 12, Lowther-arcade; Sherwin, 527, Oxford-street; Mead and
Powell, 73, Cheapside; Pearce, 77, Cornhill; Dixon, 29, Gracechurch¬
street; Arnold, 38, King William-street. Wholsale, Jaques and Son,
No. 102, Hatton-garden.
