WILL F. LASSETTER, Esq., late of George-street,
Sydney, Australia, kindly FORWARD his ADDRESS to
C. E. H., 101, Southampton-row Russell-square
THE HEIRS and NEXT of KIN of WILLIAM
PEPPITT, formerly of Bootle, Lancashire, Gentleman, who
died in the year 1850, are requested to apply to Messrs. Fallows and
Brown, of 4. Lancaster-pla.
ce Strand, London, Solicitors.
MRS. FANNY CUTLIFF, whose manden name was
Fanny Dean, of England, who resided with Captain R. J., in
gston, Montreal, and Portsmouth, in Canada, between the years
of 1847 and 1852, whose two brothers were drowned near Montreal be¬
tween the same dates, would confer a favour and learn something of
interest if she would SEND her ADDRESS to G. F. J., of 157, State¬
street, Chicago, Illinols, U.S.—BENJAMIN
DAVID VINCENT, the son of John Vincent, late
f Walton-on-the-Hill, in the parish of Walton, in the County
of Surrey, Bricklayer and Builder, deceased, is required immediately
to CALL upon, or send his present address to, either Mr. Charles
Stuttle Croxson, of Ewell, in the County of Surrey, Draper; Mr.
Thomas Barton, of Mount Ephraim, Tonbridge-wells, Kent; or to
Mr. George Brown, of 35, Lincoln's-inn-fields, London, Solicitor, from
whom the said David Vincent will receive information to his ad¬
vantage.
THE SECRETARY of the ALBION-HILL HOME,
Brighton, begs to ACKNOWLEDGE, with many thanks,
DONATION of £5, for this Institution, in Memory of a dear Friend.
JEAMENS HOSPITAL (DREADNOUGHT),
Greenwich. The following SURSCRIPTIONS towards the £2,000
required to defray the expenses of the present year are gratefully
ACKNOWLEDGED:—£3 15s. from the Passengers of the Peninsular
and Oriental Company's s.s. Nizam, per Captamn Barlow, and £3 6s.
from the Officers and Crew of the Eactern Chief, per Captain Larke.
—By order, HENRY C. BURDETT, Secretary.
CENTRAL LONDON THROAT and EAR HOS¬
PITAL, Gray's-inn-road.—Commended to anfferers as a special
Hospital, to the poor as an open Hospital, to the wealthy as a provi¬
dent institution.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEPT of £10 10s. from Mrs. Williams, and of £2 2s. from the
Rev. R. Wallace Deane, in aid of the new building, which is almost
ready for occupation.—JAS. H. BRABAZON, Capt., Hon. Sec.
LOST (TEN SHILLINGS REWARD), on Tues¬
day, between Great Marlborough-street and Pimlico, a
BLACK FAN, with flower painted on. Apply 9, Great Marlborough-¬
LOST, a BLACK LEATHER PURSE, containing
about £4, on Saturday afternoon, in St. Martin's-lane or neigh¬
HOrhood. Anyone
ggang it to Morley's Hotel, Charing-cross,
shall receive ONE POUND REWARE
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in Regent's¬
park, on Monday evening, Aug. 7th, a BLACK LACE SHAWL.
Whoever shall take the same to Mrs. King, Stationer, Duke-street,
Portland-place, shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, between Lom¬
bard-street and Bishop-gate-street, THREE DRAFTS, for
£120 17s. 6d., £156 3s. 8d., and £4 6s. 7d., on Wm. Blydenstein, Esq.
Whoever will take the same to Mr. J. W. Vickers, 5, Nicholas-lane,
Lombard-street, shall receive the above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, a POCKET¬
BOOK, in outer loose canvas cover, with lady's and gentleman's
cards inside, on the 3d August, in St. George's, Hanover-square, on
the occasionlof a wedding at that church. Whoever will take the same,
complete, to 62, Upper Berkeley-street, Portman-square, shall receive
the above reward.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a GENTLE¬
MANS GOLD WATCH (supposen at the Booking office,
Lewes Railway Station, on Saturday evening, August 5, at 6 o'clock).
white enamelled face, sunk seconds; a presentation watch, with in¬
scription, date, and name of owner on inner back case (maker Dent,
Royal Exchange). £10 will be paid on restoration of the same. Apply
to T. Jones, at Sussex Advertiser office, Lewes.
BANK of ENGLAND. Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of two dividends on the sum of
£2,094 17s. 4d. Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore stand¬
ing in the name of WRIGHT RIVES, of Washington City, District
of Columbia, Esquire, and which dividends were paid over to the
Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in conse¬
quence of the first thereof having remained unclaimed since the 5th
January, 1865; Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of
three months from this date the said Dividends will be paid to
Wright Rives, who has claimed the same, unless some other clamant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of two dividends on the sum of
£2,096 17s. 4d. Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore stand¬
ing in the name of LUCY RIVES, of Washington City, District
of Columbia, Spinster, and which dividends were paid over to the
Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence
of the first thereof having remained unclaimed since thr 5th January,
1865;—Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three montus
from this date, the said dividends will be paid to Lucy Rives, who
has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND. — Iinclaimed Dividends.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of two dividends on the sum of
£2,094 17s. 5d. Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore
standing in the name of CARRIE RIVES WILLIAMS, wife of
Samuel Thomson Williams, of Prince George's County, State of Mary¬
land, Lawyer, and which dividends were paid over to the Com¬
missioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of
the first thereof having remained unclaimed since the 5th January
1865. Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said dividends will be paid to Carrie Rives Wil¬
liams, wife of Samuel Thomson Williams, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimact shall sooner appear and make out his
claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of Two Dividends on the sum of
£10,500 Consolidated £3 per Cent Annulties, heretofore standing in
the name of JOHN COOK RIVES, of Washington City. District of
Columbia, Esquire, deceased, and which Dividends were paid over to
the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in conse¬
quence of the first thereof having remained unclaimed since the 5th
January, 1865;;Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of
three months from this date, the said Dividends will be paid to Samuel
Thomson Williams one of the Executors of John Cook Rives, de¬
ceased, who has claimed the same, uniess some other claimant shall
onor appear and make out his claim thereto.
SOPHIA HELEN JONES, deceased Pursuant to
the provisions of the Civil Code of Beigium, and to an Order of
the Court of First Instance at Brussels, dated the 14th day of June
3. Notice is hereby given, that all persons claiming to be NEXT of
KIN of SOPHIA HELEN JONES late of St. Josse-ten-Noode
Brussels, in the Kingdom of Beigium, deceased, who died domiciled
there on the 26th day of January 1872, or the legal personal repre¬
sentatives of such next of kin as are now dead, are hereby required to
send full particulars of their claims to Messieurs Harting and Son of
No. 24 Lincolns Inn Fields London on or before the 24th day of Octo¬
ber 1876, after the expiration of which time, and in default of any such
claims being established, the Court of First Instance at Brussels, in
pursuance of the notice hereinafter following, will proceed to deal
with the estate and effects of the said Sophia Helen Jones in accord¬
ance with the provisions of the Civil Code of Belgium Dated this 24th
day of July 1876.
HARTING and SONS 24 Lincolus Inn Fields,
(The Notice hereinbefore referred to)
Ministere des Finances—Adunnistration de l'Enregistrement et des
Domaines—Succession en desherence Jones—Publications prescrites
par PArt 770 du Code Civil—Le Recevour ad interim des Domaines ot
des Produits divers de Bruxelles (banlien), dont le bureau est établi
 St. Josse-ten-Noode, Rue du Marchb No 54, porte à la connais¬
sance des intéressés que son administration a demandé par requete
du 28 Mai, 1873, an Tribunal de Première Instance de Bruxelles,
lenvol en possession de la succession en deshérence de Sophie Helene
Jones agee de 66 ans, née à Loudres, décedée à St. Josse-ten-Noode le
28 Janvier, 1872, y ayant son domicile, et quiavant de fuire droit à
cette demande le cit Tribunal a, par jugement du 14 Juin, 1873,
ordonné qu'elle fot affichée à Londres, lien de naissance de la de¬
funte, et à St. Josse-ten-Noode, lien de son dernier domicile, et quiun
extrait du jugement sus-énoncé, contenant sa daté, son dispositif, la
date et le lieu du décés, et les noms, prenoms, 6t domicile de la dé¬
funte, fut inseré dans le Moniteur Belge, le tous a trois reprises de
trois en trois mois. Le Receveur ad interim sus-dit.
E. VAN WAESBERGH.
(Transiation)
Ministry of Finance—Office of Registration and Properties—Next of
Kin of Sophia Helen Jones deceased—Advertisement required by
Art 770 of the Civil Code—The Receiver ad interim of property and
effects in Brussels (suburbs), whose office is situate at St Josse-ten¬
Noode, Rue du Marche, No. 5d, hereby gives notice to those whom it
may concern, that his office hat by application on the 28th day of May
1873 to the Court of First Instance at Brussels, tclaimed (in default of
the appearance of any next of kin) to be put into possession of the pro¬
perty and effects of Sophia Helen Jones aged 66, who was born in
London, and died at St. Joase-ten-Noode on the 28th nay of January,
1872, being domiciled there—And that before admitting this claim the
said Court of First Instance has, by an order of the 14th of June 1873,
directed that it be advertised in London, the place of birth of the de¬
ceased, and at St. Josse-ten-Noode, the place of her last domicile; and
that an extract from the above mentioned order, containing its date,
contents, date and place of death, and the names, Christian names,
and domicile of the deceased, should be inserted at length in the
Moniteur Beige three times, at intervals of three months
The Receiver ad interim aforesaid,
E. VAN WAESBERGH.
NOTICE.—, John Allibone Langton, of Hillmor¬
ton, in the county of Warwick, heretofore called and known as
JOHN ALLIBONE, hereby give notice, that I have, from the 25th
day of July instant, TAKEN and ASSUMED my late mother's maiden
NAME of LANGTON in addition to and after my former name of
Allibone, and that I do absolutely and irrevocebly intend to be hence¬
forth known and called by the names of John Allibone Langton,
and to use and be described by such names in all documents, instru¬
ments, and transactions, and for all purposes whatsoever, which as¬
sumption an  intention I have further evidenced by a deed under my
hand and seal, dated the said 25th day of July instant, and enrolied in
the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice.—Dated this 27th
day of July, 1876.
JOHN ALLIBONE LANGTON,
Witness—Fredk, Fuller, Solicitor, Rugby.
NOTICE is hereby given, that, in pursuance of the
provisions of "The Newgate Market Abolition Act. 1861," the
CORPORATION of LONDON are about to DISTRIBUTE the
BALANCE of the NEWGATE MARKET FUND remaining in their
hands in making payments to any lessees or occupiers of slaughter¬
houses, shambles, or butchers' shops in the neighbourhood of Old
Newgate Market.
All persons coming within this description, who have not already
received any payment out of this Fund in respect of slaughter-houses,
and who make any claim upon the said Fund, are requested to send
their applications in writing (which applications should specify the
situation of the premises, and give the particulars of the leases, or
orcupations, in respect of which the application is madey to the Town
Clerk of the City of London, at his office in Guildhall, on or before
the 29th day of September next, after which day the Committee will
proceed to consider the applications and distribute the Fund.
Guildhall, 21st July, 1876
MONCKTON.
TO PREVENT DISAPPOINTMENT during the
CLEARANCE SALE for re-building the premises and adding
the late Eagle Brewery premises adjoining to their show room. Messrs.
ORTEMANN and Co. beg to intimate that their ESTABLISHMENT
will be CLOSED at FOUR O'CLOCK on SATURDAYS, as heretofere,
and trust that by this notice their desire to maintain the early closing
on Saturdays for theAssistants will not interfere with the convenience
of their customers.—Cetzmann and Co., Complete House Furnishers,
Nos. 67,69,71,73, 77,nd.
179, Hampstead-road, near Tottenham-court-road.
CANNES, South of France. ——Mr. John Taylor
(General Agent), being now in London, can be communicated
with either by letter or appointment, at Messrs. Berry, Brothers',
No.3, St. James's-street. S.
SHOOTING.—A farmer, having 600 acres of well¬
preserved shooting, would tage two gentlemen as PARTNERS.
pply Mr. Wm. Harrison, Waldingham, Caterham-valley, Sur
S.—
SHOOTING and FISHING. — Several thousand acres
of first class SHOOTING, also a Red Deer Forest, and extensive
Samon Fishing, situate in Killarney, to be LET, for the season, to¬
gether or separate.—Messrs. Bennett and Co., 15, Parlament-street.
CUTTER-YACHT WANTED, from 40 to 60 tons.
Handsome, fast, and good sea boat; well found. Full particu¬
lars to Nauta, post-office, Brading, Isle of Wight.
aeemeesmneay,
GENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, 5, Henrietta¬
.
street, Covent-garden, W.C.
Medical Director-ALFRED EBSWORTH, F.R.C.S.
Resident skilled medical, surgical, and monthly nurses are supplied
at a moment's notice from this Institute ; also fover nurses, maie at¬
tendants, and wet nurses. Applications to be addressed to the Secre¬

THE WIGMORE INSTITUTION for RESIDENT
HOSPITAL TRAINED NURSES, 34 Wigmore-street, Caven¬
dish-square, London, W (opposite Messrs. Debenham and Freebody's),
conducted by the Misses Carty. The medical profession and the
public can be supplied with skilled and experienced MEDICAL. Sur¬
sical, Monthly, Mental, and Fever NURSES, from this Institution.
Applications to the Secretary or Lady-Superintendent will receive
immediate and prompt attention. Nurses sent to all parts of England

RESIDENT INSTITUTION of HOSPITAL
TRAINED NURSES (under medical supervision), 299, Ox¬
ford-street, W., opposite Marshall and Snelgrove's.—Thoroughly expe¬
rienced, reliable, skilled NURSES can be obtained at a moment's
notice for medical, surgical, monthly, mental, fever, and small-pox
cases; also superior Maje Attendants. Apply to the Lady-Superin¬
tendent, Mrs. Wynd.
MONUMENTAL SCULPTURE—Marble, Granite,
and Stone Tombs, Tablets, Brasses, &c. Drawings on appli¬
cation. Established 1820.—GAFFIN and Co., 63, Quadrant, Regent¬
steet, London, W
MONUMENTS, Tombs, and Mural Tablets, in
granite, marble, or stone. Designs and estimates forwarded
on application to BURKE and Co., 17, Newman-street, Oxford-street,
London, W. Removed from Regent-street
