LEANOR W.—An explanation might restore poor,
kind-hearted Lilly: but we fear it is too late. He is, indeed, a
wreck. He has got home.
IF CHARLES MORTIMER or KENYON KING
will SEND his or their ADDRESS to the care of Mr. Bontoft,
stationer, Alford, Lincolnshire, they will hear news of an agrecable
NEB, 16th (through accident delayed).—228: 402. 6.
2080.	192 "772. "16753, 14.58, 857,884, 165—. 954.—,
733. 976—: 98070. 063,451. 755, 13.
62. 05.
M. C. C. 871331 913.: 189, .761850.2: 771. POLLAKY— (13
P. . . .
LOST, on Thursday, the 14th inst., between Haver¬
stock-hill and the Strand, a GOLD BREAST PIN, shaped like a
ying eagle. Whoever has found the same will be liberally RE¬
WARDED on bringing it to 1, Park-road, Haverstock-hill.
LOST, in the neighbourhood of the Stock Exchange,
a BOND of the MERSEY DOCKS and HARBOUR BOARD,
Liverpool, for £000, registered in the name of Henry Lightt
person bringing the same to 51, Old Broad-street, shall be RE¬
WARDED. The bond is stopped at the office,
LOST, a BLACK RETRIEVER BITCH, with
white mark on the breast. Answers to the name of "Bessle."


Whoever will bring her to
seemenseses
square, shall receive THREE POUNDS REWARD
OST, on the 15th instant, in the city, or between
there and Holloway, via North London Railway, NINE SOVE¬
REIGNS, wrapped up in a £5 note. Number known and payment
stopped. Anyone bringing the same to Messrs. S. and T. Gilbert,
No. 4, Copthall-buildings, Throgmorton-street, city, shall receive TWO
GUINEAS REWARD.
LOST, on Sunday, 10th February, 1867, probably
between Baker-street and Westbourne-terrace, a DARK
LEATHER PURSE and CARD-CASE, containing a gold pencil-case
and half a sovereign. Anyone restoring the purse and pencil-case to
Messrs. Domvillo and Co.; 6, New-squa.
Lincoln's-inn, may keep
the 10s., and shall receive TWENTY SHILLINGS in addition on ap¬
plication.
LEFT in a CAB, on Saturday, the 9th February,
THREE PARCELS, containing stockings and an umbrelia.
ver will bring the same to 7, Buckingham-gate, shall receive ONE
POUND REWARD.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Monday, the
4th inst., supposed to e been left in a Hansom cab, which
conveyed two gentlemen from the Guildhall Coffee-house to Albemarle¬
street, a small BLACK LEATHER BAG, containing an account
book.—Mr. Rees, 8, Copthall-court, Throgmorton-street, E.C.
FIVE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST or MISS¬
ING, a BLACK LEATHER BAG, containing letters and papers,
of no use to any one but the owner. May have been left in a railway
carriage between London and Kettering, a few weeks since. A reward
of five guineas would be given to any party who would deliver the bag
and papers to Mr. Mitchell, Royal library, 33, Old Bond-street.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in the after¬
noon of the 20th of December, 1866, at the King's-cross Station,
a small BOOK, bound in crimson velvet, of Iluminations on Vellum,
contained in a black box. Supposed to have been taken by mistake,
The above reward will be paid to any person who restores the book to
the advertiser. Address M. S., post office, Brighton.
PURSE LOST, supposed to have been dropped in
St. James's Great Hall, on Tuesday afternoon, Feb. 12 (dark
brown morocco, with brass rim, lined with red), containing one sovereign
and nearly a pound's worth of silver. Whoever has found the same
can keep the contents, but is earnestly requested to bring the purse to
the post office, Little Sussex-place, Hyde-park, as it is much valued by
the  st  e,
FOUND, a LARGE BLACK DOG, with collar and
chain, on evening of 10th inst. Will be given up to owner on pay¬
ment of expenses. Apply, by letter, with full description, to A. Z.,
No. 84, Snow-hill, E.C
THOMAS BOWTELL, deceased.—Any party claim¬
ing, and who can prove himself HEIR-AT-LAW of THOMAS
BOWTELL, formerly of Church-street, in the parish of Saint Paul
Deptford, in the county of Kent, dealer in marine stores (who died
about the year 1822), may HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVAN¬
TAGE by applying to Messrs. Maples and Son, solicitors, Spalding.
PERSONS of the NAMES of FOX, Gideon, Gordon,
Grace, Greville, Hattersley, Hay, Heveningham, Heywood,
Howard, Percival, Page, Vincent, Wilmot, Wolfe, and Wykes are hereby
informed that some valuable INFORMATION concerning those
families which may be to their advantag
is published in RE¬
SEARCHES respecting FAMILY HISTORY, Estates in Abeyance,
&c. Part III., price 5s., or sent postage free for 62 stamps. Address
J. H. Fenuell, 49, Millbank-street (near the Houses of Parliament), S.W.
MISSING FRIENDS, Next of Kin, Unclaimed
Money, &c.—INQUIRIES made in the United States of Ame¬
rica, Canada, Australia, and all parts of the globe. Legal business
attended to abroad. Advertisements inserted in foreign newspapers.
A select list of names of next of kin, heirs at law, &c. (never before
published), sent for seven stamps.—ROBERT GUN, American, colo¬
nial, and foreign agent, 6, Prince of Wales-road, London, N.W.
BY Order of the Trustees of the SOANE MUSEUM.
—The MUSEUM, 13, Lincoln's-inn-fields, is OPEN this season on
the Wednesday in each week in the months of February and March;
on the Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays in April, May, and Juns
and on Wednesdays in July and August. Cards of admission to be
obtained of the Curator, at the Museum: or from the Trustee
ROYAL POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTION (Li¬
mited).—Notice is hereby given, that the ORDINARY GENE¬
RAL MEETING of the Shareholders of this Company will be held
in tais Institution on Saturday, March 2d, 1867, at 3 o'clock p.m., for
the purpose of declaring a dividend and receiving the balance-sheet
and report of the Directors, and for transacting the ordinary business
of the Company. The following Directors retire by rotation, but are
eligible for re-election:—A. H. Ross, Esq., and W. J. Maxwell, Esq.
By order, JAS. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
TO THOMAS KEY CHARTER, late of No. 41,
Redcliffe-road, Brompton, in the county of Middlesex, Clerk in
Holy Orders.—Take notice, that a CITATION, bearing date the 4th
day of October, 1866, has issued under the seal of Her Majesty's Court
for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, at the instance of Jane Hannah
Charter, of No. 41, Redeliffe-road, Brompton aforesaid, citing you to
appear in the said Court within eight days of the service thereof, to
answer her petition filed in the said Court, praying for a dissolution of
her marriage; and that such citation contains an intimation that, in
default of your so doing, the Court will proceed to hear the said peti¬
tion proved in due course of law and to pronounce sentence therein,
your absence notwithstanding. — Dated this 8th day of February, 1867.
A. F. BAYFORD. Reg-strar.
TO WILLIAM BRODIE, now or late of No. 4, Peel¬
street, Notting-hill, in the county of Middlesex.—Take notice,
that a CITATION, bearing date the 5th day of November, 1866, has
issued under the seal of Her Majesty's Court for Divorce and Matri¬
monial Causes, at the instance of William Nutter Inman, of No. 60,
Norfolk-terrace, Westbourne-grove west, Bayswater, in the county of
Middlesex aforesaid, auctioneer, citing you to appear in the said court
within eight days of the service thereof to answer his petition filed in
the said court praying for a dissolution of marriage, and that such
citation contains an intimation that in default of your so doing the Court
will proceed to hear the said petition proved in due course of law, and to
progounce sentence therein, your absence notwithstanding.—Dated
this 12th day of February, 1867.
A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
GOLD and SON, 1, Serjeants'-inn, Chancery-lane, Middlesex,
on
the Petitioner.
SOS SARAH IN.
N on
late of
o. 4, Pecl¬

ang-hill, in the county
Middlesex.—Take notice,
BO ITAEIE
earing date the.
da e o f
vember, 1866, has
iscued, under the seal of Her Majesty's Co e
Divorce and Matri¬
monial Causes, at the instance of William Nutter Inman, of No. 80,
Norfolk-terrace, Westbourne-grove west, Bayswater, in
county of
 ddlesex e¬
te a , auctionce.
anin ng you to appear in
ae eanc o u e
with
ton n t a  o
the service thereof, to answer his
ctition filed in
the said Court praying for a
ssolution.
marrin
te ed that such
citation contains an intimat o e e
annde fault of vour so doing, the
Co.
will procede to e e aie¬
thsaid petition proved
dee co.



oe ence theerein,
bu r absence not
thstanding,

is 12th day of February, 1867.
A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
GOLD and SON, 1, Seryeants'-inn, Chancer-lane, Middlesex
Solicitors for the Petitionen.
NOTICE is hereby given, that APPLICATION will
be made to Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace assembled at the
Quarter Sessions in and for the county of Middlesex, at the Sessions¬
house, Clerkenwell-green, in the said county, to be holden in the month
of April next, for an ORDER for DIVERTING and TURNING a
certain FOOTPATH and HIGHWAY leading from the stile between
 te e e e e be o
see
Edward
ter ee.
bai re, an  t h e  tight.
Honour.

ce , across the land o fe th e.
Alexander.
Edward Miller, then acros e.
ivei a te ro  d set ont byt
Commissioners
ane dnder
Harrow Inclosure Act, thence throt
ands belonging to
Mr. Rowland .
1ad

te e e 
carriage road

the e oen
the h t i h way it hn

expietidoio t t y


Pin n e r, i n t.
county of
Middlesex, in Vestry, should e d

aoe nn
an d,  innn
thereof, a good and sufficient foorpath and high
De e ever and
across the san¬
nds and private road, which will be nearer and
ore
commodious to the public. And that the certificate of to

Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said county of Middlesex, having
viewed the same, and proof given to their
Psisfacti


notices required by the Statute having been po
e e th he p n of
the old and proposed new highway, and the consent of the owners of
the er w hich the proposed new
th e is intended to pass, will

erk of the Peace for th e s a o
te t e.
day of e
Lo e e th
2d day of February, 18.

LL,
WM. S. TOOTELL,
IREIWALIL
W. A. TOOTELL, Clerk.
CAUTION to the WINE
TRADE.—LOUIS
ROEDERER's "CARTE BLANCHE
CHAMPAGNE.—In the
Second Chamber of the Imperial Court of Paris of the 6th February,
1865, in the cause of Louis Roederer v. Theophile Roederer and Co.,
udgment was given in favour of the plaintiff; and it was decreed that
"The defendants shall be bound to insert henceforth in their adver¬
tisements, invoices, and prospectuses, as on their brands, labels, and
corks—1st. The Christian name of Theophile. 2nd. The following
note, Established in 1864"; and further, "that this Christian name, and
this note, must appear there in letters of the same dimensions, and
of the same shape, as the name of Roederer" For the decree in full,
see The Times, of the 27th March, 1865; Manchester Guardian,
8th April; Liverpool Mercury, 14th July; Liverpool Courier, 25th July;
Liverpool Daily Post, 2rd August.—Mr. Louis Roederer, by his agent
in England, again draws attention to the above decision of the Court
of Appeal, given at Paris on the 6th February, 1865, and in order to
avold confusion of brands, and disappointment, requests the patrons
of his brand, always to mention his Christian name of Louis, when
ordering his "Carte Blanche" Champague.—Reims, December, 1868.
Note.—Mr. Louis Roederer employs no travellers, and his transac¬
tions in this country are confinedto licensed English wine merchants.
PARISH of ST. BENET, GRACECHURCH, in
the city of London.—Union of Benefices Act.723d and 24th Vic¬
toria, cap. 142.—Notice is hereby given, that in accordance with the pro¬
a
taieent, 23 and 24
Victoria, cap. 142, t.
REMAINS of all persons interred in or under the Church of St. Benet,
Gracechurch, in the city of London, and the tablets or monu¬
ments erected to the memory of any person in the sald
Church, will be shortly REMOVED. The heirs, executors, ad¬
ministrators, relations, or friends of any such persons interred have
the option of removing the remains of such persons, under proper
directions, to any consecrated churchyard or burial ground, and also
of removing such tablets and monuments to any place they may think
proper. The expenses of such removal not exceeding £10 are, under
the said Act of Parliament, to be paid by the Eccleslastical Commis¬
sioners, out of a fund to be provided by them.
In the event of no notice being received by the undersigned church¬
wardens on or before the 5th day of March next, from the heirs, exe¬
cutors, administrators, relations, or friends of such persons, of their
wish to the contrary, the remains of such persons will be carefully
removed from the said church under proper superintendence. The
tablets and monuments will be also carefully removed to the Church
of Allhallows, Lombard-street, in the said city of London.
HAMES ABBISS.
Churchwardens of St. Benet,
WILLIAM BIRCH,
Gracechurch.
JAMES GRAHAM CHURCHER, Churchwarden of St.
abruary 13, 1867.

NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP
hitherto existing between us, the undersigned, as attorneys and
solicitors, and carried on at No. 75, Clayton-street, Newcastle-upon¬
Tyne, under the name, style, or firm of "Fenwicks and Falconar," has
been DISSOLVED by mutual consent as and from the 31st day of
December last. — Dated this 5th day of February, 18
JOHN FENWICK.
J. C. FENWICK
J. B. FALCONAR.
DERBYSHIRE HORSE NAILS.—To Merchants,
Ironmougers, and Shoeing Smiths.—It is reported that there
are a great quantity of machine-made horse nails offered in the mar¬
ket as Derbyshire horse nails. The merchants, ironmongers, and
shoeing smiths are most respectfully informed that there are not any
machine-made horse nails got up by the nail mastere who have their
idence and place of business at Derby or Belper.
CAUTION.—No ENGLISH KREOSOTE is
genuine unless with "Morson's name and trade mark on
labels. Hydro-carbon of foreign origin is being offered as English
Kreosote, and we, the sole English manufacturers, will not hold our¬
selves responsible for any not bearing our name and trade mark.
MORSON and SON.
Nos. 31, 33, and 124, Southampton-row, Russell-square.
London, W.C.
CAUTION.—The public is requested in sending
orders to the METROPOLITAN STEAM BLEACHING and
DYEING COMPANY to state the title, as letters, &c., often miscarry.
—17, Wharf-road, City-road, and 472, Oxford-street. W
PANTHEON BAZAAR.—FINAL CLOSING,
PANTHEON-BAZAAR, Oxford-street.—The public
are respectfully informed that the above ESTABLISHMENT
will FINALLY CLOSE on Saturday, 2d March, and that the entire
low being Sold at reduced prices. Portraite taken daily.
FIREWORKS direct from the manufacturers,
STEANE, BROTHERS, Brixton. Catalogues free by post.
ral discount. Country orders executed on the shortest notice.
