S. C.—RETURN immediately, or write to
your home, if you wish to save your wife's life.—F. P.
YSTERIOUSLY LEFT her FAMILY, supposed
with the intention of proceeding to America, to join the Mor¬
monites, a married foreign lady, of superior education, 23 years of age,
of middle stature, intelligent features, pale complexion, dark brown
bair, and large hazel eyes. Passed through Hamburg on her way to
England on Friday, the 3d of March. Was dressed when last seen in
a brown moiré antique dress, black velvet mantle richly trimmed with
lace, and a blue bormet with white flowers
The lady speaks German,
French, and also English fluently, TWENTY POUNDS REWARD
will be paid for correct information as to her present whereabouts, by
Mr. Pollaky, private inquiry office, 13, Paddington-green, W.
LOST, on the 18th instant, a small PURSE, contain¬
ing two red ivory tickets for the Botanic-gardens, Regent's-park.
Whoever will take them to the gatekeeper at the above Gardens shall
receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, on Friday last, a small CARDBOARD BOX,
with the name of "C. S. Chapman, 242, Fulham-road, Bromp¬
ton," on the outside, containing a pair of small gold earrings, with
turquoise in centre, also a ring, with three turquoises and small rubles.
Any person bringing the same to Strand Theatre shall receive ONE
POUND TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday,
the 19th inst., in Mayfair or Hyde-park, a GOLD BRACELET,
formed of buttons (85th and a bugle on each button). Any one bringing
the same to 16, Queen-Street, Mayfair, shall receive the above reward.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, a large
DOG, answers to Faust, light brown colour, rough coat, Irish
wolf breed. Has a leather collar, with brass plate, C. M. C., 5, Bow
churchyard; and the above reward will be paid to any one who may
return the same to this address.
TO CABMEN.—LEFT in a CAB, from the Admi¬
ralty to Barton-street, Westminster, on March 7th, a BROWN
LEATHER WRITING CASE, containing papers, &c., of no use but
to the owner. A REWARD will be given for it by C. Davis, 13, Bar¬

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, Feb. 18,
BLACK RETRIEVER DG, nose and front paws marked with
white. No collar; answers to the name of "Leo". To be brought to 2,
Oxford-terrace, Edgware-road.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday
afternoon, about
o Albemarle¬
street and Piccadilly, a DOUBLE WHITE IVORY OPERA-GLASS.
which was picked up by a gentlems
above reward will be paid.
to the finder on his bringing it to Messrs. Tompson, Pickering, and
Styan, 4, Stone-buildings, Lincoln's-inn.
PURSE LOST, on Saturday, the 18th inst., between
1 and 2 o'clock in the afternoon, in Holborn (near Warwick-court);
containing besides other things a first class South-Western Railway
season ticket between Waterloo and Surbiton, for Alfred Drew. Soon
afterwards a person was seen to pick up the purse, and he would much
oblige by delivering it to the owner, Mr. Alfred Drew, at 3, Gray's-inn¬
place, Gray's-inn, W.C. Any expenses or reasonable reward will be
cheerfully paid, on request.
NOTICE.—100 COPIES (imperfect) of Dr.
McCAUSLAND's ADAM and the ADAMITE having been re
cently STOLEN from the printing-office of Messrs.

Co., of 10, Little Queen-street, Holborn, FIVE POUNDS REWARD
will be paid on the detection of the thief and the return of the copies
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—
Whereas, two persons are now awaiting their trial at the Central
Criminal Court, charged with stealing from inside the warehouse of
Charles Candy and Co., Nos. 4, 5, and 6. Watling-street, city, within
the last 12 months, a large quantity of silk (pieces and remnants) and
foreign shawls; notice is hereby given, that a reward of £100 will be
paid by Mr. Charles Candy to any person giving direct information
that shall lead to the apprehension and conviction of any other person
or persons concerned with those in custody in stealing and removing
such silks and shawls from the warehouse of C. Candy and Co., as
above. Information to be given to Inspector Hamilton, City Police
Detective office, Old Jewry, E.C.—London, 14th March, 1865.
GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY.—Notice is hereby
given, that all ARTICLES FOUND in the carriages or on the
premises of this Company up to December 31st, 1864, and all parcels
and articles received for passenger trains up to the 30th June, 1864,
the consignees of which have either not been found or have refused
them, will be SOLD by public AUCTION, if not claimed within one
m o o o   a e
F. G. SAUNDERS, Secretary.
Paddington, March 18, 1865.
JOHN FREDERIK PRECHT, of this city, is re¬
quested to give notice about his present RESIDENCE to me,
being trustee of his share in his fathers inheritance.
Bremen, in Germany, March, 1866.
Doctor ADAMI.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
Engand to direct the payment of two dividends on the sum of
£1,055 23 Five per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names
of NATHAN WHITLEY, of Guildford-street, Borough, ironmonger
and CHRISTIAN WHITLEY, his wife, both deceased, and which
dividends were paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the
National Debt, in consequence of the first thereof having remained
unclaimed since the 10th October, 1854;—Notice is hereby given that,
on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Dividends
will be paid to George Whitley, the administrator of Christian
Whitley, deceased, who was the survivor, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) of THOMAS PEARSON, formerly of
No. 74, Fore-street, Cripplegate without, in the city of London, and of
the Archway-cottage, Highgate, in the county of Middlesex, baker, but
late of Forest-gate, West Ham, in the county of Essex, deceased, and
all other persons having an interest in the personal estate and effects of
the said deceased (who died at Forest-gate aforesaid on the 7th day of
August, 1864).—Notice is hereby given to you, that a CITATION has
issued, under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated the 16th
day of March, 1865, citing you, within eight days after service thereof,
to cause an appearance to be entered for you in the Principal Registry
of the said Court, and to accept or refuse letters of administration
(with will annexed) of the personal estate and effects of the above de¬
ceased, or show cause why the same should not be granted to the said
Henry Revell Reynolds, as the Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty's
Treasury, and his successors in that office, for Her Majesty's use; with
an intimation that, in default o o u a.
cen, such letters of admi¬
nistration will be granted to the said Henry Revell Reynolds and his
successors in office.
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
F. H. DYKE, Esq., Her Majesty's Proctor, Doctors'-comin
S.
BROKERS.—RULES, Orders, and Regulations
made, ordained, and established by the Court of Lord Mayor
and Aldermen of the city of London, on Tuesday, the 7th day of Feb¬
ruary, 1865, for the admission of brokers within the city of London and
liberties thereof, with restrictions and limitations for the honest and
good behaviour of all persons admitted, or who shall hereafter be ad¬
mitted by the said Court into the office and employment of a broker
within the said city and the liberties thereof.
1. That every person applying to be admitted into the office and em¬
ployment of a broker shall produce and show to the satisfaction of
this Court a certificate of his respectability and fitness to act as a
broker, such certificate to be signed by respectable merchants and
others, not fewer than six in number.
. 2. That every person so applying to be admitted into the office and
employment of a broker shall, in his application to this Court for such
admission, set forth the line of business which he intends as such
broker to pursue.
3. That no certificate or recommendation of any person to be ad¬
mitted a broker be signed by an alderman of this city.
4. That every broker shall truly and faithfully execute and perform
his office and employment between party and party without frand or

5. That in the event of any broker becoming bankrupt, making com¬
osition with his creditors, or executing any deed of arrangement with
his creditors under the Bankruptcy Acts, he shall forthwith cease to be
a broker, and he shall not afterwards exercise the office and employ¬
ment of a broker, unless he shall be re-admitted upon application to

That every broker shall and do enter every bargain or contract he
shall make in a book to be kept in his office or counting-house, and to
be intituled "The Broker's Book," on the day of making every such
bargain or contract, with the christian and surname at full length of
both the parties thereto, and with all other particulars of the transac
tion, and shall deliver a contract note within 24 hours to his principal
or principals, as the case may be, and if requested so to do shall give
to his principal the names of the other party to the transaction.
7. That every broker shall keep by him the authentic cony of his
admission under the hand of the Town Clerk, and shall produce and
show the same for his authority and the satisfaction of all persons con¬
cerned to know the same upon being required so to do by any such
person or persons.
.8. That every complaint made to the Court of Aldermen against a
broker in reference to the execution of his o ffic e.
l be at once inves¬
tigated by the Court, assisted by one of their judicial officers, and upon
the Court being satisfied that the complaint is well founded the broker
may be suspended or discharged from his office,
9. That each broker shall enter into a bond in the penalty of
£1,000, and find two sureties to be approved of by this Court, who shall
also enter into a bond in the penaity of £250 each, for the due and
just execution by the broker of his said office and employment, or in
place of such sureties he may transfer £1,000 of the public funds into
the joint names of himself and the Chamberlain, and in this case a de¬
claration of trust as to the stock will have to be signed by the broker
and the Chamberlain.
10. That the names of all brokers admitted and discharged shall, as
soon after the order for their admission or discharge as the same can
be conveniently done, be fixed up in a conspicuous manner at the Royal
Exchange, the Mansion-house, and Guildhall, and otherwise made
public as this Court shall from time to time deem necessary and order,
and an official list of all persons entitled to act as brokers shall be
made up by the Town Clerk on the 1st of January in each year, printed
copies of which may be obtained at his office. WOODTHORPE.
THE NEWORGAN for BOMBAY CATHEDRAL.
—Messrs. Bishop and Starr beg to give notice that, in conse¬
quence of the non-completion of the ornamental iron case, Mr.
BARNES PERFORMANCE on the organ is unavoidably POST¬
PONED. Due notice will be given of the day of performance in a
future advertisement.
GREAT FIRE at SAVILLE-HOUSE. —Mrs.
SMITH, proprietress of the Royal Wine Shades and Dining
Rooms (established upwards of 40 years), begs to contradict the
many erroneous statements which have appeared relating to the
above. It did not commence on her premises, although they are utterly
destroyed; and it is her intention to resume business immediately on
the rebuilding of the same. All letters to be addressed to Mrs. Smith,
No. 40, St. James's-place, S.W.
AMANSION, costing not less than £50,000, SAVED
from destruction by the use of the HYDROPULT. "Swakeleys,
Uxbridge, Middlesex, March 5, 1865. Mr. Charles Pomeroy Button,
Hydropult warehouse, 142 and 143, Cheapside, London. Sir.—I have
great pleasure in recommending your Hydropult, for I fully believe it
was the means of saving my house from being burnt down, during a
private theatrical entertainment given on the night of the 23d ult. The
fire broke out from some unexplained cause, and, from the height of
the fiames, no water could be thrown up to it with buckets. Your
Hydropult became therefore mvaluable, and was applied so effectually
that in a quarter of an hour the fire was extinguished. Yours (signed),
Thomas T. Clarke."
WDROPULT FIRE and GARDEN ENGINES.
H.
—142 and 143, Cheapside, London.
YDROPULT for WATERING GARDENS.

YDROPULT for SPRINKLING PLANTS.
YDROPULT for CLEANSING TREES.
MYDROPULT for SPRINKLING STREETS.
WYDROPULT for WETTING SIDEWALKS.
MYDROPULT for EMPTYING CISTERNS.
DROPULT for WASHING CARRIAGES.
YDROPULT for FILLING BARRELS.
YDROPULT for CLEANING WINDOWS.
YDROPULT for the CONSERVATORY.
YDROPULT for the GREENHOUSE.
MYDROPULT for a SPRAY BATH.
YDROPULTS are manufactured with brass
cylinders, in three different sizes. Price 33s. 6d., 36s., and 43s.,
including packing-case. Each machine has 2½ feet suction and 3 feet
delivery hose, strainer, rose, and fire jet.
MYDROPULTS have a brass label attached to
the cylinders, on which is stamped the following, to wit, "The
Hydropult, Vose's Patent, manufactured only by Griffiths and Browett,
Birmingham."—CHARLES POMEROY BUTTON, Proprietor,
Nos. 142 and 143, Cheapside, London.
HYDROPULTS weigh but Sib., and will throw
seven or eight galions of water per minute 50 feet, when worked
by the power of one man. They can be used for all purposes to which
a force pump is applicable.
MYDROPULTS have been recommended as an
invaluable garden implement by the Gardeners Chronicle,
Journal of Horticulture, Gardeners' Magazine, Floral Magazine,
Garden Oracle, Floral World, and other first class gardening papers
throug hout Great Britain.
MYDROPULT PROSPECTUS and TESTI¬

MONIALS sent free on application.
CHARLES POMEROY BUTTON, Nos. 142 and

143, Cheapside, London,
