ECEIVED £5.—C. M. S.
N.
DEAREST WILLIE.—Do RETURN to the Bank,
or, if you are in town, come to us, at Twickenham.—NONA.
SEASON TICKET PICKED UP and FORWARD¬
RED.—E. H. W. is gratefully THANKED for his consideration
by the owner of the above.
SHOULD Mr. W. W. W., jun., see this, he is kindly
requested to COMMUNICATE with his friends; or Mr. D.,
also urged to return to his home.—Canonbury-park north. Everything
is arranged and overlooked.
MR.—Celle venant de F. m'a bien surpris; envoyer
les-ce General P. off., faits enregistrer vot. I., et écrivez au 91
une autre m'annoncant larrivée de lautre. Dites en meme temps à
quelle heure vous avez jeté celle du 10. Cela est trés important, l'on
m'a rassuré à la P. mais pas avant 2 mois. Je suis réelement tres
embarrassé. Je desirerait bien vous écrire quelqueslignes. V. devoué,
STRASBOURG.
IF the LADY who crossed over from Kingstown to
Holyhead by the Mail Packet, on the morning of Saturday, the
10th inst., having a black leather travelling bag directed "Traveller,
Euston-square Station," would kindly LEAVE an ADDRESS with
Mr. T. Hodgson, advertising agent, 14, Exchange-street east, Liver¬
pool, she may have some mislaid property restored to her.
LEFT, in a Hansom CAB, a small PAPER PARCEL,
containing a new work called "Anonyma," and some MSS.; of
no use but to the owner. Whoever will bring the parcel to 4. Shoe-lane,
Fleet-street, shall receive TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday
evening, at the Polytechnic, a BROWN BOA. Whoever will
bring it to Mr. Porter, 22, Cork-street, Bond-Street, shall receive the

TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on
Putney-heath, about the 10th inst., a CLUMBER SPANIEL
DOG: answers to the name of "Dash." Whoever will bring the same
to Mr. J. Y. Clipson, Railway Tavern, Putney, shall receive the above
reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—COUPONS LOST
or MISLAID, NEW YORK and ERIE RAILROAD COM¬
PANY, belonging to Bonds Nos. 601, 1446, 1447, 1939, 1143, 2217—six
coupons for £35 each. Payment stopped at New York. Apply to
Messrs. Leathwait and Simmons, news agents, Pope's Head-alley,

FOLLOWED a GENTLEMAN home, last week, a
ROUGH TERRIER. Can be had by the owner identifying and
paying expenses. If not claimed in three days, will be SOLD. Apply by
letter to B. Y., Calder and Co.'s library, I, Bathurst-street, Hyde¬
park, W.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the

per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of MARY
LAMBERT, of Bradford, Yorkshire, spinster, and the sum of £1,100
like annuities, heretofore standing in the name of MARY LAM¬
BERT, of Kingston, Surrey, spinster, and which stocks were trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed on and from the 10th October,
1839, and 5th January, 1840, respectively:—Notice is hereby given, that,
on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stocks will
be transferred and the dividends thereon paid to Richard Lambert,
the administrator of the said Mary Lambert, deceased, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNER¬
SHIP, heretofore subsisting between us, the undersigned,
Peniston Grosvenor Greville and John Tucker, as attorneys and soli¬
citors, and carrying on business at 28, St. Swithin's-lane, in the city of
London, has been this day DISSOLVED by mutual consent.
Dated this 22d of October, 1863.
P. G. GREVILLE.
JOHN TUCKER.
TO DROVERS.—Notice is hereby given, that the
Markets Improvement Committee will meet at Guildhall, Lon¬
don, on Wednesday, the 21st inst., and on Wednesday, the 28th inst.,
at 11 o'clock precisely to EXCHANGE the OLD BADGES worn by
DROVERS for NEW BADGES, when all drovers, whose badges have
not been exchanged, are required to attend for such purpose.
The Licences to act as Drovers granted to the undermentioned per¬
sons, not having been renewed, are no longer in force, and if any of
the said persons be found driving, or aiding or assisting in driving, any
cattle within the London Police District, or so much of the Metropo¬
litan Police District as is within the city of Westminster, and the
boroughs of Marylebone, Finsbury, the Tower Hamlets, Lambeth, and
Southwark, they will be liable under the provisions of the Act of Par¬
liament of the 20th and 21st Vic., cap. 135, to a penalty not exceeding
40s. for every such offence:—
Names.
Nos.
Names.
James Lambert
615.
Josh. Burnham
619	William Williams
John Wyatt

James Veal.
George Horner
William Woolfe
Charles Peas.

Frederick Batt
George Martin
Henry Leopard
Josh. Smart.
William Harper
Thomas Attfield
Charles Clapp.

Robert Humphries
William Swetman

Henry Green
Henry Coe.
870 John Causney.
N.B. The Markets Improvements Committee have issued New
Licences and White Medal Badges bearing the same numbers to other
drovers.

Guildhall, October 16th, 1863.
CAUTION to DROVERS.—NO DROVER's
BADGE will be EXCHANGED by the Markets Improvement
Committee after Wednesday, the 28th inst., and any drover wearing
one of the old red badges, who after that date may be found driving,
or alding or assisting in driving, any cattle within the London Police
District, or so much of the Metropolitan Police District as is within
the city of Westminster, and the boundaries of the boroughs of Mary¬
lebone, Finsbury, the Tower Hamlets, Lambeth, and Southwark, will
be liable, under the provisions of the Act of Parliament of the 20th
and 21st Victoria, cap. 135, to a penalty not exceeding 40s. for ever

WOODTHORPE.
Guildhall, Oct. 16, 1863.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their; works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C.; and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
ROROUGH-MARKET DISTILLERY. — Notice.
—These premises being required immediately for the Charing¬
cross Railway extension to Cannon-street, Messrs. JOSEPH and
JOHN VICKERS, and Co. respectfully inform their friends that
they have taken TEMPORARY OFFICES (through the kindness
of Mr. Spencer) at the Bridge-house Hotel, London-bridge where
attendance will be given daily, and where all communications are
to be addressed on and after Monday, Sept. 28th.
AUDI, VIDE, TACE.—Private Inquiries in Eng¬
land and Abroad.—Evidence for Divorce Court.—City firms and
others are waited upon personally by Mr. POLLAKY (late of George¬
street, Mansion-house) or, if more agreeable, may consult with him at
No. 13, Paddington-green, W.
PHRENOLOGY.—A truly skilful and candid
analysis of the mental organization of the young may be of the
deepest importance in their education and destination. Dr. DONOVAN
brings to the practice of this science many years' experience.—111,

CAUTION.—N. WHITEHOUSE, optician, 2, Cran¬
bourn-street, Leicester-square (two doors from Burford's Pano¬
rama), finds it necessary to inform the public that he has NOT RE¬
MOVED, and is in no way connected with another house trading in the
same name. Established 1830.
OPERA, Race, and Tourists' GLASSES in alu¬
minium, one-third the weight of brass, of high power and perfect
definition. Tourists' and deer-stalking telescopes of the same mate¬
rial, and of the very best make.—SMITH, BECK, and BECK, No. 31,
Cornhill, E.C. (late 6, Coleman-street).
OPERA, Race, and Tourists' GLASSES, in great
variety.—The Messrs. SOLOMONS PATENT NEWLY-IN¬
VENTED TINTED SPECTACLES are patronised by the majority of
the nobility, including Viscount Palmerston. They give extraordinary
relief to weak, dim, and defective vision. The adaptation of spectacles
to imperfect vision by experienced persons is, indeed, of vital import¬
ance. One of the firm, who has had great experience and practice,
attends to this branch only.—39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
OPERA, Race, and Field GLASSES, in every
variety of size, form, and mounting, matchless for their great mag¬
nifying power and sharpness of definition. Prices from 30s. each, at
CALLAGHAN's, 23A. New Bond-street, W., corner of Conduit-street.
N.B. Sole agent for the celebrated race and field glasses made by
Voigtlander Vienna. Field-glasses made expressly for india, warranted
to withstand the greatest tropical heat. The new aluminium-mounted
glasses (as made for H.R.H. the Prince of Wales), though of the

FIFTY GENTLEMEN WANTED (half learners
and half improvers), for two amateur brass, reed, and flute bands.
Instruments supplied, on which 10s. deposit will be required on join¬
ing. Apply personally to Mr. Arnold, 180, High Holborn, seven doors

ZEYZOR and BENDON's two-guinea BINOCU¬
LAR FIELD, Rifle, or Opera GLASS. The extraordinary
power of this instrument renders it adapted to define objects distinctly
at 10 miles distance, is suitable for the theatre, race-course, target
practice sportsmen, tourists, and general out-door observations.—
No. 50, High Holborn, London, and country agents. Illustrated price
ist of optical and mathematical instruments for two stamps.
BURROW's BINOCULARS for INDIA, with
special mountings suited to the climate, 3 and 6 guineas. In
alluminium, incredibly light, 10 and 14 guineas. Cadets', Royal
Engineers', and every description of Military and Naval single and
double Telescopes and Field Glasses, all of the best quality. Lists on
application. Address W. and J. Barrow, Malvern. London agents,
B. Arnold, 72, Baker-street; Wales and McCulloch, 56, Cheapside, and
No. 32. Ludgate-street, E.C.
NEW OPERA and FIELD GLASS, also the 9s. 6d.
10-mile reconnoitrer, or 25-mile landscape glass. "I think the
reconnoitrer very good."—Marquis of Carmarthen. "I never before
met an article that so completely answered the recommendation of its
maker."—F. H. Fawkes, Esq., Farnley, Otley. "I have found it
effective on the 1,000 yards range."—Captain Sendy, 41st Middlesex,
Royal Small Arms Factory, Enfield. "The economy of price is not
procured at the cost of efficiency."—Field. Post free, 10s. 10d. The
Hythe glass showing bullet marks at 1,200 yards, 31s. 6d. Only to be
had from SALOM and Co., 98, Prince's-street, Edinburgh, who have no
agents anywhere.
THE GLORIES of the HEAVENS seen distinctly
by a NEW TELESCOPE, for £5, which will also distinguish the
features of a man four miles, and time by a church clock 10 miles. This
instrument is equal in the most important respects to telescopes costing
£70. Persons are invited to apply for a diagram, with other particulars
and numerous testimonials. Sent free.—S. and B. SOLOMONS, opti¬
cians to the Government, 39. Albemarle-street, Piccadilly. Powerful
pocket, opera, field, and general out-door glasses.
CAUTION.—The celebrated Lord BURY TELE¬
SCOPE can only be had of J. H. STEWARD, sole manufacturer.
and his agents. Price, complete, £3 10s. This fine instrument has been
known to distinguish easily the name on a light vessel at eight miles.
and for rifle-shooting, touring, deer-stalking, yatching, reconnoitring,
&c., is the finest instrument that can be obtained. Gatalogues, with
testimonials, &c. post free. Address 406, Strand, London, Sole appointed
optician to the National Rife Association and Long-range Club.
THE planets and double stars are seen distinctly by a
NEW TELESCOPE, for £5, which will also distinguish the face
of a sheep and the features of a man four miles, the sign of a public¬
house five miles, shot marks upon a target two miles, and time by a
church clock ten miles. This instrument is guaranteed, in writing, to
perform the whole of the above, and to be equal in the most important
respects to telescopes costing £70. It has a three-inch superior achro¬
matic object glass, two eye-pieces, &c., with portable metal tripod,
and pillar stand with jointed claw feet. N.B. Persons are invited to
apply for a diagram, with fuller particulars and numerous testimonials.
Sent free.—S. and B. SOLOMONS, opticians to the Government,
No. 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly. Powerful small pocket tele¬
scopes, opera, field, and general out-door day and night glasses.
POCKET BAROMETER.— NEGRETTI and
ZAMBRA's original instrument, size of a watch, for foretelling
weather, and for mountain measurement, as supplied to Her Majesty's
Government and leading scientific men, to be had only at 1, Hatton¬

POCKET BAROMETER, Compass, and Thermo¬
meter, all in one, the size of a watch, for telling the weather, the
heights of mountains, direction of winds, and temperature of the air.
Guaranteed for 12 months. Price £4 15s., sent free.—S. and B. SOLO¬
MONS, opticians to the Government, 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
FIREWORKS.—STEANE, BROTHERS, pyro¬
technic artists, 7, Commercial-place, Brixton-road, half a minute's
walk from the Brixton Station on the London, Chatham, and Dover
Railway. Price lists forwarded, post free, on application. A liberal
The trade supplied.
discount to large purchaser.
FIREWORKS, of the choicest variety, for Birthday
Fetes and Rejoicings.—Schools supplied, on advantageous terms,
by JAMES PAIN, pyrotechnist to the Royal Yacht Squadron. Price
list free on application. Pain's unequalled Selection of Fireworks, espe¬
cially for iuveniles, with full directions how to display them, from one

MUSEMENT.—J. SAX's cheap ELECTRIC
TELEGRAPHS, for general use, convey instantaneous messages
or alarum; so simply illustrating the principle, as to enable the public
(hitherto unacquainted with the matter) to work and use his instru¬
ments with perfect success. Eligible also for schools. Price, with call
bells, 36s. ; without, 26s. Best scientific instruments to order. Prize
Medal received 1852.—455, New Oxford-street.
