GEORGE.—CALL at the POST-OFFICE, Upper
Baker-street, you will find a letter from A. H.
MISS HELEN FREEMAN OMITTED to give her
ADDRESS in her note to John Williams, 33 and 35, Church¬
street, Liverpool.
IF Mr. W. LOVEGROVE will be kind enough to
COMMUNICATE with Mr. Pulling immediately, he will greatly
oblige.
IF the GENTLEMAN, who called in Margaret-street,
for the character of a servant nam a ae

the 31st January, will SEND his ADDRESS, the lady who recom¬
mended her will be glad.

NOTICE. —Whereas, HENRY ENSCOE, late of
Bishop's-court, Clerkenwell, in the county of Middlesex, gold and
silver chaser, in or about the year 1848 left England for the purpose of
emigrating to and remaining in Australia, but has not since been heard
of. Any person who will give INFORMATION as to his existence or
death to Mr. Alan J. Lee, of 27, Lincoln's-inn-fields, solicitor, shall be
REWARDED for his trouble.—Dated at London the 10th day of
February, 1862.
FRIEND of the CLERGY CORPORATION.—The
Secretary ACKNOWLEDGES, with grateful thanks, the RE¬
CEIPT of a £5 BANK of ENGLAND NOTE, left by an anonymous
donor (L. C.), at the offices of the Corporation, in aid of the Special
Fund for the relief of distressed clergymen, their widowsand families.
 St. Martin's-place, W.C.
WE beg to ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of
the following SUMS, towards RELIEVING the DISTRESS of
the FAMILY of an OLD SOLDIER, mentioned in The Times of
the 8th ult.:—

£2 0 0	Thos. A. Freeman, Esq. £0 10 0
C. A. Jenkins, Esq.
0 10 0Southcote Manor-house 0 5 0
Mr. Norwood
0The Afflicted Mother of
015 0	Two Soldiers0
F. H. Freeman, Esq.0 	10 0	H. C.
0  2 0
Further Contributions (which are much needed) will be thankfully

 CRAWFORD, St. Andrew's, Haggerston,
E. GARDENER FISHBOURNE, Royal Navy.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—Sudden and
mysterious DISAPPEARANCE of a YOUNG MARRIED
LADY, who, en route from Spain to Leeds, in Yorkshire, left Paris for
Londen, via Dieppe and Newhaven, at 6 o'clock p.m. on the 21st of last
month. She not having yet arrived at Leeds, her destination, it is
feared that some accident has occurred to her, or that she may be laid
at some place ill. Any cabman or any other party who can furnish to
her husband INFORMATION that may lead to her immediate dis¬
covery will receive the above reward. Communicate to Charles Sala¬
man, Esq., 36, Baker-street, Portman-square, W.
LOST, on Saturday, Feb. 8, a BROOCH, made out
of an office's belt-clasp—silver crown in the centre, surmounted
with "99 Lanarkshire Regiment" in silver round the border. FIVE
SHILLINGS REWARD to any one bringing it to Mr. Clarke, news
agent, Westbourne-terrace north. No further reward will be offered.
LOST, on Friday, 7th February, at 7 p.m., a small
BLACK and TAN ENGLISH TERRIER DOG, about six
months old, ears unclipped, wearing a green collar. Supposed to have
strayed into the street. Whoever returns it to 39, Albion-street, shall
be liberally REWARDED.
LOST, on Friday night last, between Globe-terrace
and Forest-gate, a TERRIER DOG, about six months old, long
body, long tail, short legs, hair rough and soft, and of a light gray
colour. The finder shall be REWARDED on taking him to Mr. Aman,
Upton-park, West Ham.
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST, on Friday
evening, in Bru.
stt, Bond-street, or Woodstock-street, a
BUNCH of KEYS. Apply at 92, New Bond-street, W.
THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST, on the
7th inst., in or near Mount-street, Grosvenor-square, a GOLD
KEY and a BLACK ENAMEL LOCKET, on a split gold ring.
Whoever will bring the same to 20, Chapel-street, Belgrave-square,
shall receive the above reward.
THIRTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Mon¬
day, Feb. 3, a LEATHER RETICULE PURSE, containing £85
in £5 Bank notes, and £4 12s. gold and silver, and other things. The
above reward will be paid on application to Sergeant Robards, Crystal
Palace ; or to Mr. Northcote, Mr. Nash's, 20, New City-chambers,
Bishopsgate-street within.
LEATHER BAG LEFT, in a cab, in the neighbour¬
hood of Gracechurch-street, containing letters and papers of no
use to any but the owner. ONE POUND REWARD will be given to
anyone bringing it to Mr. Sackers, hairdresser, 79, Cheapside, London.
TO SOLICITORS, Bankers, and others.—Mr.
JOSIAH COLLIS, formerly in the Inland Revenue-office, who
died at his residence, 48, George-street, Blackfriars-road, Surrey, on
the 5th January, 1862.—Any SOLICITOR, banker, or other person,
having in his possession or custody any WILL, or other testamen¬
tary paper in the nature of a will, or being aware of the preparation or
execution of the same, is requested to COMMUNICATE without
delay to the undersigned.—THOMAS LOTT, 43, Bow-lane, city, 8th
February, 1862
FOUND, a FAWN-COLOURED GRAYHOUND.
If not applied for on or before the 15th inst, will be SOLD to
defray the expenses.—H. and H., 68, Cannon-street, E.C.
FOUND, a long-coated WHITE DOG, black spot on
back and tail. Can be had by paying expenses. If not owned
in five days will be SOLD.—14, Wilmot-street, W.C.
FOUND, on the 12th of January, a SCOTCH
TERRIER DOG, had on chain collar and plate, fawn colour,
with gray stripe down the back. Apply at 14, Cleve-place, Stockwell.
If not owned within six days will be sold to pay expenses.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
and to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £81 10s. 3d. New Three per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of EMILIA
LAVIE, of Charlotte-street, Portland-place, spinster, and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the divi¬
dends thereon not having been received since the 10th of October,
1850; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid, to the said Emilia Lavie, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £20 14s. 4d. Consoli¬
dated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
ELEANOR ELIZABETH WATHERSTON, of Peckham-rye, Surrey,
spinster, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in con¬
sequence of the dividends thereon not having been received since the
5th of January, 1852;  Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration
of thrse months from this date the said Stock will be transferred, and
the Dividends thereon paid, to the said Eleanor Elizabeth Watherston,
who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner ap¬
pear and make out his claim thereto.
NOTICE.—If A. OZALIS, Esq., DOES NOT
FETCH his EFFECTS from Medina Lodge, Melville-street,
Ryde, Isle of Wight, within seven days from the undermentioned date,
they will be SOLD to defray (in part) expenses.—Feb. 10, 1862.
TO Lieutenant-Colonel E. V. BROWNE, late com¬
manding the 4th Battalion of the 60th Rifles.—You are re¬
quested to take notice, that if the GOODS left by you in the custody of
Mr. Philip Penn, upholsterer, Dover, are not removed by you within
the space of one month from this date, and all charges and expenses
attending the same paid, they will be SOLD, to defray the same
charges and expenses.—Dover, Feb. 11, 1862.
WEXT of KIN OFFICE: established 1825.—
ROBERT CHAMBERS (compiler of Chambers Index to Next
of Kin, &c.), 7, White Cottages, Grosvenor-street, Camberwell, S., has
upwards of 100,000 NAMES in his LISTS. Search fee, 30 stamps.
Wills searched for.
Hereby give notice, that the Joint Underwriters'
Association at Rotterdam having, under date Rotterdam, 1st
January, 1862, APPOINTED me its AGENT for this district, no
claims on account of losses will be acknowledgedged by it unless duly
certified by me.—E. E. WENDT, 15, Fenchurch-buildings, Fenchurch¬
street, London, E.C., 10th February, 1862.
VESTRY of ST. MARY, NEWINGTON, Surrey.—
At a MEETING of the Vestry held on the 5th February, 1862, it
was resolved that the following MEMORIAL, under the Common Seal
of the Vestry, be presented to the GOVERNORS of St. THOMAS's
HOSPITAL.
 To the Governors of St. Thomas's Hospital, in the borough of
Southwark, in the county of Surrey.—The Memorial of the Vestry of the
parish of St. Mary, Newington, in the county of Surrey.
It having been brouwht to the knowledge of your Memorialists that
St. Thomas's Hospital is about to be removed from its present site,
your Memorialists, in the interect of their parish and the whole of the
southern side of the metropolis, feel it their duty respectfully to lay
their views upon the subject before you.
The parish of St. Mary, Newington, contains about 80,000 inhabitants,
forming part of the vast population of 773,000 persons existing in that
portion of the metropolitan area on the southern side of the Thames.
That a great majority of this vast population obtain their livelihood
in the numerous manufactories and workshops situate on that side of
the river, and are, in the course of their various employments, pecu¬
liarly liable to accidents and disease arising therefrom.
That the great destruction of the inferior class of dwelling-houses
on the northern side of the river of late for the purposes of street im¬
provements has caused a constantly increasing number of artisans and
neople of poor circumstances to reside on the southern side, and, as this
cause will continue in operation, the southern parishes will have a still
further proportion of the poor inhabitants of the metropolis residing
in them.
That, as St. Thomas's Hospital was founded more than three cen¬
turies ago on its present site, the inhabitants of the district have a
strong claim for its continuance among them, particularly as the neces¬

That a large portion of the northern and western parts of the metro¬
polis are inhabited by wealthy persons and of those not needing gra¬
tuitous hospital refief, and that when this is taken into consideration.
it will be seen that the proportion of hospital and other gratuitous
medical and surgical accommodation in the northern and western
parts of the metropolis is in proportion far in excess of that on the

That, under these circumstances, your Memorialists have seen with
much concern that efforts are being made to induce the authorities of
St. Thomas's Hospital to remove that establishment to the other side
of the Thames, and thereby to deprive the poor inhabitants of this
side of the metropolis of the very great advantage they have hitherto
had in obtaining prompt medical and surgical relief in cases of acci¬

That the removal of one of the only two hospitals on this side the
river would render it necessary to cary man y 
sen s e ering
from serious accidental injury and dangerous disease through the over¬
crowded streets of London, thereby incurring greatly increas
suffer¬
ing and risk of life to the patients, and at the same time causing pain¬
ful scenes in the public streets.
That there are several convenient sites to be found within a short
distance of the present Hospital on the southern side to which the
establishment might be removed, and which could be purchased at a
less expensive rate than similar property on the other side of the
Thames.
That, although the erection of the Hospital in any parish would cause
a great pecuniary loss to it in rates, yet your Memorialists believe that
any one of the parishes on the southern side would cheerfully accept
such loss rather than their poor should be deprived of the benefit of the
Hospital accommodation they have so long enjoyed.
That your Memorialists have no reason to believe that the authori¬
ties of St. Thomas's Hospital have any intention at present to remove
their establishment to any other than a situation on the south side;
but have deemed it right and respectful to such authorities to express
their appreciation of the benefits heretofore enjoyed by the Hospital in
their locality, and their great anxiety at the endeavour being made by
those interested in other localities for its being taken from them.
Your Memorialists, therefore, respectfully request you to continue
St. Thomas's Hospital on some convenient spot among the working
s
H. and F. CHESTER, Joint Clerks to the Vestry.
C. H. BOLTON will deliver a LECTURE on
GEORGE WASHINGTON, at the Whittington Club Arundel¬
street, Strand, on Thursday next. Doors open at half-past 7, Lecture
to commence at 8. Front seats, 1s.; body of the hall, 6d. Tickets can
be obtained at the Club, and at the principal musicsellers.
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION for the PROMO¬
TION of SOCIAL SCIENCE.— London Meeting, June, 1862.—
The LORD MAYOR has convened a PUBLIC MEETING at the
Mansion-house, for THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, for the purpose
of forming a Reception Committee, and otherwise forwarding the pre¬
parations for the above meeting: The Earl of Shaftesbury; the Rt.
Hon. Sir John Pakington, Bart, M.P. ; the Recorder of London: Sir
C. Wentworth Dilke, Bart.; Mr. Samuel Gurney, M.P.; Mr. Cave,
M.P.: Mr. Samuel Morley, and other influential gentlemen are ex¬
ected to address the meeting.
The attendance of all who are interested in Social Improvement is

No. 12, Old Bond-street, W.
J. H. RAND. .LL, Seo.
INTERNATIONAL SUPPLEMENTARY EX¬
HIBITION, 1862.

Architect—Sir Joseph Paxton, M.P.
TRUSTEES.
Sir Robert W. Carden, Alderman, Chairman of the City Bank
Mr. Alderman Finnis, Dircetor of the Agra Bank
Mr. William Jackson, M.P.
This building will be erected in immediate proximity to the Great
Exhibition, for the purpose of affording space for the surplus products
for which room cannot be obtained in the latter, and also to furnish
opportunities for the sale of the articles displayed in either place.
"The charge for space is 12s. per square foot for floor, and 6s. por
square foot for the walls.
Immediate application for space must be made on or before Saturday
next, at the tomporary offices, 42, New Bridge-street, Blackfriers, E.C
SHOP COUNTERS and FITTINGS—elegant, at¬
tractive, novel, and inexpensive. A specimen to be seen a 360,
Oxford-street, next door to the Pantheon,
