JAMES DEADMAN, who was in Mexico in 1866,
by SENDING his ADDRESS to 281, City-road, E.C., will greatly
oblige an old friend.—A. R.
BANSOME, Dearlove, Woodroffe.—Will either of
the above named persons, who three years ago resided at Black¬
heath, and removed to Kensington, forward their ADDRESS to Miss
Martin, 2. Ada-villas, Paxton-road, Chiswick.
RICKETTS.—Address Wanted.—If — RICKETTS,
Esq., of H.M. Service, who returned from Bombay, on sick leave,
in ship Severn (Capt. Wake), March, 1840, sbould see this, he will con¬
fer a great favour on one of the ship's crew by sending his ADDRESS
to R.(B. M., Chronicle office, Ilfracombe, Devon.
LUMGAIR.—If JAMES LUMGAIR, a native of
Arbroath, N.B., who was understood to be living in London
about 20 years ago, be still alive, and will APPLY to Messrs. J. and
W. Macdouald, solicitors, Arbroath, he will hear of something to his
advantage. Any person furnishing any information in regard to the
said James Lumgair, to Messrs. Macdonald, shall be rewardad.
T.—The Committee of the Poor Clergy Relief Cor¬
poration offer their sincere THANKS for a DONATION of
TWENTY-FIVE POUNDS from T.—R. T. PIGOTT, Sec.—36, South¬
ampton-street, Strand, W.
C.
COLONIAL and CONTINENTAL CHURCH
SOCIETY.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE, on
behalf of the Rev. E. Forbes, English Chaplain in Paris, the RECEIPT
of £106, for the various religious and benevolent associations connected
with D'Aguesseau Church, from a frequent visitor to Paris.
ROYAL NATIONAL LIFE-BOAT INSTITU¬
TION.—The Committee grater

tof a BANK of ENGLAND NOTE for £5, from M. Y. N., in aid
of the funds of the Institution.—14, John-Street, Adelphi, 12th Decem¬
ber, 1871.
LOST, a SKETCH BOOK, on Sunday evening,
between Fitzroy-road and Camen-road. Please return the same
to Harold's, 116, Camden-road. REWARL
LOST, in transmission through the post-office,
TRANSFERS of £15,000 LONDON, CHATHAM, and DOVER
RAILWAY COMPANY, from the undermentioned parties to James
Rome, of Rosemount, Oxton, Birkenhend, namely:—
£4,000 from Richard Blaney Wade and John Oliver Hanson, both
No. 112, Bishopsgate-street, London.
£2,000 from Thomas Hussey, of West Bar, Leeds.
£1,000 from Strange Chapman Thurston, of Vernon-road, Leeds.
£6,000 from James Henry Capel, of 5, Throgmorton-street, London.
£2,000 from Edwin Broden, of Worsley Mills, Hulme, Manchester.
A letter containing the above was posted at one of the pillar post
offices, at Oxton, near Birkenhend, on Monday, 4th December instant,
addressed to the Secretary of the London, Chatham, and Dover Rail¬
way Company, Victoria Station, London. The documents are of no
value to any one but the owner, as all dealing with the shares has been
stopped. Any person having found the papers will oblige by forward¬
ing them to Messrs. Woods and Fry, 8, Rumford-place, Liverpool.—
11th Dec., 1871.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Satur¬
afternoon, the 9th inst., on the ice in Richmond-park, a
GENTLEMANS SCARF PIN—a cross made up of Scotch stones set
in gold. Address M. C. Baynes, Esq., Coombe-wood, Kingston, S.W.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday,
the 5th inst., between Bloomsbury-square and Dulwich-com¬
mon, a PLAIN GOLD BROOCH, with pale coral stone set in centre.
Whoever will take the same to Mr. R. A. Green, 82, Strand, shall re¬
ceive the above reward.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at the
Crystal Palace, on the 11th inst., a LADYS GOLD WATCH; old
fashioned, and of little valne except to the owner. The above reward
will be paid to any one returning it to Mr. J. Smith, book stall, East

TO CABMEN.—A BAG, with private letters and
papers, was LEFT in a CAB which took a lady on Wednesday
evening, the 6th inst., from 3, Cleveland-square, to Notting-hill-square.
Whoever returns the same to 3, Cleveland-square, W., shall be thanked

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday last,
between Canoubury and Ludgate-hill Station (via the City-road
and Cheapsidel, an OVAL GOLD BROOCH, with carbuncle and dia¬
mond centre. Apply to Dollond and Co. opticians, 1, Ludgate-hill, E.C.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 6th
inst., between Warwick-street, Regent-street, and the Edgware¬
road, a small PAPER PARCEL, containing rings. Whoever will take
the same to Mr. Goodwin, 6, Edgware-road, shall receive the above
reward.
DOG LOST.—If the gentleman who picked up a
SCOTCH TOY TERRIER near 9, Marlborough-hill, N.W., on
Sunday last, will write or send the dog to that address he will oblige
the owner. A REWARD will be given, if desired.
IN Her MAJESTYS COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all others
vue t est in
the personal estate and effects of THOMAS FLEMING late of
No. 10 Adam Street East Manchester Square in the County of Mid¬
dlesex, Gentleman, deceased, who died there on the 19th April 1871
Notice is hereby given to you that a CITATION has issued under Scal
of Her Majesty's Court of Probate dated 7th December 1871 citing you
to cause an appearance to be entered for you in the Principal Re¬
gistry of the said Court, and accept or refuse Letters of Administra¬
tion of the personal estate and effects of the said deceased, or show
cause why the same should not be granted to John Gray, Esquire, as
the Solcitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, and his succec¬
sors in that office, for Her Majesty's use, with an intimation that in
default of your appearing, such Letters of Administration will be
granted to the said John Gray, Esquire and his successors in office
accordingly.
EDWARD F. JENNER. Registrar.
H. DYKE, Esq., Her Majesty's Proctor Doctors' Commons.
REPRINTS.—The Bon. Mrs. NORTON notifies to
all who may have been misled into supposing her a contributor
to a current journal of female fashions and light literature, by vague ad¬
vertisements, promising weekly sheets of a novel from her pen, that she
knows nothing whatever of the paper or its publisher; that she has
examined the portion of one of her novels issued by the advertisers
and finds it to be an imperfect reprint (wanting the dedication) from
the 90th volume of the well-known Parlour Library, published 20 years
ago, in that form, with her sanction, by Sims and McIntyre, of
Belfast, and afterwards by Thomas Hodgson, of Paternoster-row, at the
price of eighteen pence the volume. She has given no permission for an
inferior re-issue: on the contrary, a superior one-volumed edition is in
course of publication, with a portrait of Mrs. Norton by Sir Edwin
Landseer, and vignette of Scottish scenery, being the only new edition
authorised by her, and the first volume of a series of her reprinted
works, both in poetry and prose. The second volume of the senes to
be a reprint of "The Child of the Islands," with a portrait of H.R.H.
the Prince of Wales, &c.
GALMON FISHERY ACTS, 1861, 1865.—Notice is
hereby given, that the Special Commissioners for English Fisbe¬
ries will hold an ADJOURNED COURT at the King's Arms Hotel,
Kingsbridge, Devon, on Tuesday, the 9th January, 1872, at 11 o'clock
a.m., and at such Court will proceed to inquire into the legality of ail
fishing weirs, fishing mill dams, and fixed engines situate in the Avon
(Devoush
Fishery District, and all persons interested in such engines
are require t sae
Jourt.
y order. THOS. F. BRADY, Secretary.
Dated at the office of the Spocial Commissioners for English
Fisheries, 8, Parliament-street, Westminster, this 11th day
of Dec, 1870.
To the TRADESMEN of LONDON on TAXATION and TRADE.
(Letter No. 2.)
Gentlemen.
IN thanking you for the sympathy expressed towards
the remarks I ventured to submit to your notice in The Times of
Nov. 30th, I beg, most respectfully, to tender for your consideration a
few more observations on the same subject, which I have not as yet
quite exhausted. When the late Sir R. Peel imposed the income-tux at
7d. in the pound for three years, you will, no doubt, recollect that he
met with very considerable opposition from many eminent statesmen—
Lord John Russell and others—on the ground that the tax was essen¬
tially inquisitorial and unconstitutional. In order to meet this very
true and severe objection Sir R. Peel said something to the effect (if
I remember right) that the tax was to be imposed and collected
with all the mildness possible, so as not to make it more unpleasant and
objectionable than couid be ravoided. From that time to this, there
has existed a tacit understanding, that so long as men made a reason¬
able and respectable return, according to their respective spheres and
circumstances, their returns should be accepted; in order to make this
most objectionable tax work as smoothly as possible.
This plan has worked very well for some 30 years or so ; but what
is the state of things now?
Last Session the Government were, to say the least, in a dilemma;
they had to take back a most unsatisfactory Budget, and then fortify
themseives by adding 2d. to the income tax, and the middle classes
most good-humouredly came to their rescue, and amiably agreed to this
increase of 2d.; making for the year, as was said, 6d. in the pound in¬
stead of 4d. But, gentlemen, mark you, what is the true and practical
state of the case? The Government surveyors and assessors have been
set to work all over the country (judging from all I hear and read), to
increase the assessment as much ae possible, so that each man has his
return totally ignored, thrown back, as it were, in his very teeth, and sur¬
charged, so to speak up to his last shilling. The answer is—appeal, which
means, at once, the most disagreeable and humiliating process that any
honourable-minded man can be called upon to undergo. The practical
effect of this new form of procedurs is this—that this year we shall have
to pay 8d. in £1, instead of 4d. in £1 as last year, and instead of 6d. in
£1 as passed by the House of Commons. Indeed 8d. instead of 6d, is
a surprise. If the Government had intended to increase the assess¬
ment 2d. as well as the poundage 2d. making in effect 4d. advance
in all, why not have so stated the case at once openly and manly? Why
not 1 do I say? Why for this very reason, that the House of Commons
and middle classes would never have agreed to it, even if the Govern¬
ment had to resign on the question! The House and the country were
under the impression it was to be levied on the old assessment.
However plausible the income-tax may be in theory, it is to all intents
and purposes thoroughly objectionable in practice, and therefore, like
many other affairs in life, can only be worked comfortably by means of
moderation, fellow-feeling, and compromise.
Couple this state of things with the fact of a large class of Govern¬
ment Officers, called the Civil Service, a body of cultivated gentlemen
who are properly supported by the nation for doing six hours' work a
day, carrying on trade in the heart of London on a principle most
ruinous to all legitimate tradesmen, and most undignitied in practice,
both to the Civil Service itself, as a body of gentlemen, and to the
nobility and gentry of England, who are induced to carry home in their
private carriages domestic articles which ought in all manner of con¬

in business carts, and then ask yoe
1e es 
Gentlemen, I beg of you, if this state of things is right, proper, and
consistent
We, the middle-classes, who work from 7 in the morning till 8 or 9 at
night, doing 12 or 14 hours' work a day for nine hours' pay, and who
pay more tazes, man for man, than any other class in the country,
being rack-rented and rack-rated up to our very eyes, have been sat
upon long enough, mercly because we have been quiet, industrious,
and loyal,
We are, in point of truth, the backbone of the country; bearing the
bulk of
tie e i ia e

an n I, for one,
think that the screw has now been applied so severely and unwisely¬
that we ought to combine with one voice and say that we can stand it
no longer. What with this excess of taxation on the one side, and
Civil Service co-operative stores on the other, we are, as it were be¬
tween two deal boards, being squeezed so tightly, that we shall soon be
squeezed to death, and shown no quarter at all. "The shoe" has
pinched for a long time past, but now both shoes pinch, so that we
must cry out; and, inasmuch as it is the last straw that breaks the
camel's back, so it is with this most unreasonable, unlooked-for,
and unagreed-upon surcharge, which has been flung at us with more
severity than any of us could possibly have expected.
I beg to remain, Gentlemen,
Your most obedient servant,
A. TEETGEN, Tea Dealer.
67, Bishopsgate-street within, and Kingsland.
P.S. Local papers all over the country, that approve of the above ob¬
servations, are invited to kindly reprint the same, and do all they can
to assist the cause.
PECIAL NOTICE.—To avoid further misunder¬
standing, it is necessary to inform the public that No. 11, Pali¬
mall, Lond



1o
gland where Mr. HAMMICKS MONTILLA and MORILES
WINES can be obtained.
NOTICE.—HOWARD and SONS beg to notily to
their patrons and the public that their EASY CHAIR and
SOFA SHOW ROOMS, as well as the General Cabinet Warehouse
CLOSE at TWO p.m. on SATURDAYS.—25, 26, and 27, Bernors-st., W.
NOTICE.—SANGSTER and Co.'s UMBKELLA
ESTABLISHMENT, 94, Fleet-street, E.C. In consequence of
completion of alterations at the above premises (estab. A.D. 1777), S.
and Co. beg to announce that this notice to their patrons will shortly
ceas
NOTICE.—The IRISH FRIEZES and TWEEDS,
also the New Ulster Overcoat, exhibited in the Workmen's
International Exhibition, have gained the Gold Medal, and can only
be had of SAMUEL, BROTHERS, 50, Ludgate-hill, London. These
goods are stamped every two yards "Samuel, Brothers, Irish Manufac¬
ture, warranted."—No. 50, Ludgate-hill E.C.
NOTICE.—No. 42, Pall-mall, opposite the War-office.
—LUND and BLOCKLEY (late Viner), Watchmakers to the
Queen, and manufacturers of Keyless Chronometer Watches, beg to
note their REMOVAL to the above address.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—The old-established
BUSINESS of H. SEWARD and Co., 15 and 16, Blackman¬
street, Borough, has been REMOVED to G. M. and H. J. Story's
whole sale and export tabinet warehouses, 33, London-wall, and 2, Cole¬

CINEAL NUESING INSTITUTE,; Hericths.

.
Medical Director—ALFRED EBSWORTH, F.R.C.S.
Resident skilled medical, surgical, and monthly nurses are supplied
at a moments notice from this Institute ; also fever nurses, male
attendants, and wet nurses. Applications to be addressed to the
Secretary or Lady Superintendent.
LONDON PRIVATE NURSING INSTITUTE
and SURGICAL HOME.—Thoroughly trained and respectable
NURSES are provided, either in London or the Provinces for Medical
and Surgical cases, on application to Mrs. Padgrift, 20, Duke-street,
Portland-street, W.
Medical and surgical cases also received.
SSOCIATION of
ATRAINED NURSES,
34, Davies-street, Berkeley-square. Superior monthly, surgical,
fever, and smallpox nurses, mental attendants (male and femalel, on
application.—Miss HODGES, Sunerintendent. Some are total ab¬
stalnars.
