W., of Loughborough Junction, is earnestly re¬
quested to return home to his situation. Everything will be
freely forgiven by his wife, sister, and smployer.
IEUT. FREDERICK GEORGE KOEHLER,
Royal Artillery who died in England, 29th Dec., 1800.—CER¬
TIFICATE of DEATH REQUIRED, by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Padding¬
ton-green.
BRITONS? We have two wars and no general
patriotic fund. Are there no patriots among us to start one?
Prodigal of aid to all others, shall we forget those who je and those
who suffer tor Britain? Shall we neglect our own soldiers and
sailors? Shame on us if we do, says Little John Nobody.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.— Applica¬
tion having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commis sioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the sum of £880 6s. 7d., Consolidaten £3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of FREDERICK
CHARSLEY, of Slough, Buckinghamshire, gentleman, and JOHN
MARMADHKE TEESDALE, of Frederick-place, Old Jewry, Lon¬
oon, gentleman, and which was transferred to the said Commis¬
sioners in consequence of the divulends theroon having remained un¬
claimed since the 5th January, 1869; — Notice is hereby given that, on
the expiration of three months from this date 119th March, 1879), the
said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to
Frederick Charsley and John Marmaduke Teesdale, who have claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
oot his claim thereto.
HEIRS WANTED.—Intimation is hereby given
that, in an action of muitiplepoinding and exoneration pre¬
sently depending before Lord Adam, in the Court of Session, Scotland,
with reference to the divisson of a sum of £ 000bequeathed by the de¬
ceased Colin Thomson, Merchant, in nlasgow, to his daughter, ANN
TOMSON or McEACHRAN, afterwards MeCORMACK, in life¬
rent and to her children in fec. Hi Lordship upon 11th March pro¬
nounced an interlecutor ordering all parties interested in the fund to
ludge their clams on or before 19th May next. Mrs. MeEachran or
McCormack was marriet on or about 8th May, 1819, to James
McEachran, who in the year 1831 emigrated to Amenea, and was
emploved at the Black Rock Foundry, inffalo, and died at or near
Buffalo on 25th September, 1334, leaving three children, Jessre
Mchachran. Colin McEachran, and Archbald Mekachran. Should
any of these children be still afive, claims must be lndged for them
in the action on or before said date, otherwise the fund will fall to be
distributed amone the other duildren of the decease who may have
lnded caims. Any iformation will be given on application to
Messrs, Foster and Thomson, Attorneys, 69, Wall-street, New York;
or to Messrs. Merigor, Dorald, and Co, Writers, asgow.
CHARLES JAMES ENNOS.—If CHARLES JAMES
ENNOS, son of the late Mrs. Honor bray Ennos, formerly of
No. 19, Milibrook-road, Brixton, in the county of Surrey, and late of
Camden-hllevilias, peer Norwood, in the same county (England), will,
on or before the 17th day of January next. AlPLY to Artburturny.
of Russeli-house, Ballam, in the connty of Burrey, or to Williai
Samuel Richardson, of No. 209, Maidarvaie, in the county of Middle¬
sez, England, the execubers of the said linor liray Ennos, deeease
he will hear of something to his advantage. In default of such appli¬
cat on by theand Charies James Ennes before the said 17th day of
January next he will be excinded from the benefits given to him by
the will of his mother, the said Honor Bray Ennos.—Dated the 3d

JACKSON and WRIGHT, 55, Chancery-lane, London, England,
Solicitors for the said kxeeutors.
Note.—The said Charies James Ennos, in the month of February,
185, heing then of the age of 18 years, left England for Austtali, in
the ship Santipore, commanded by Captain tailmore, and arrivedt at
Melbourne in June, 1659, and caded there upon and saw a Mr.
Pettitt, of that place since which time nothing has beon beard of the
said Charles James Ennos.
JOHN VERNON, deceased. John Vernon (theelder).
deceased; Anne Vernon, afterwards Anne Naylor, afterwards
Anne Constantine, deceased; Hannah Vernon, afterwards Hannan
Baines (otherwise Baynes), deceaed; llannah Saines, afterwards
Hannah Smith, deceasen; Ann Banes, afterwards Ann Mortimer.
deceased. John Vernon, lare of beghton, near Hudderafield, in the
county of York, farmer died a bachelor, anintestate, on the 24th
day of Mar, 1877, ared 61, being subject to certain mortgages, seized
or otherwise well entit ed to certam undivided shares and interests of
and in certain frechold propertses situate at Birstal, pear Leeds, at
Millbridge (partly in Liversedge and partly in Heckmondwike), and
at (rosland Moor near linduersfield, all in the West liding of the
county of York. The Mortgasees have sold the properties above re¬
ferred to, and have now a sum of money representing the balance of
the sale proceees theremafter called "The gale Proceeds) in their
hands. The mortgagees are now desirous of paying over the sale pre¬
ceeds to the persen or persons entitled the reto as heir at law or neirs
at law of John Vernon, the intestare. If any descendants of John
Vernon, theelder, or of Anne Vernon, oth erwise Anue Nasior,
otherwise Anne Constanting, or of Hannah Baines, otherw .
Hanuah Suith, or if any male issue of the father of hn
Vernon, the alor, or of Hannab Vernon, afterwards Hannah Baints
(otherwise Baynes, are now in existence, thev, or some of thein, will
be entitiedi to participate in the fundl. A detailed atatement giving
various particulars with reference to the several decenged partres
whose names appear at the head of this advertisement, an as to
their connerion with or relationship to John Vernon, deccas d, was
published as an Advertisement in the following newspat ers, pub¬
lished on Saturday, tha 15th day of March, 1879, namely:—The Hud¬
dersfield Chronicte and the Yorkshire Post. Partes who may concider
themseives interested are referred to that statement, copies of whh
can also be obtained from the underagned, on payment of a small
charge for the same. Notice is hereby given, that all persons claim¬
ing to be the HEIR-at-LAW of JOMN VERNON, late of lsighter
near Huddersteld, in the county of York, farmer, deceasedi, or to be
interested in the said sare proceeds, are hereby required by themselves
or their soneiters to sond in full part culars of their claims, accom¬
panied by the necessary evidence in support thereof, to us the under¬
signed, at our offices, in the Fste-nuillings, in Hnddersfiel afore¬
said, on or before Tuesday, the 2tth day of June, 1379, at 110 clock in
the forenoon, or in defanit thereof they will be evelned from par¬
ticipation in the said sale proceeds, which will be pai over to thares
James Wilham Mortimer (a descendant of a male paterual ances or
of the said Joun Vernon), who nas clamed the same. Dated this 17th
day of Maren, 1879.
BARKER, SONS, and VEOMAN. Estate-buildings, Hudders¬
held, selieters to the Me
THE HOSPITAL for WOMEN, Soho-square, W.—
President, the Earl of SHAFTESBURY. K.".—The Com¬
mittee of Management have the pleasure to ACKNOWLEDGE a
DONATION of £E19 10s. from Miss Powell, and a new annual
subscription of £1 1s, from the Rev. J. E. Coulson, in aid of this vala¬
able but unendoed Institution. DAVID CANNGN, sec etary.
LOST, between the 1st day of November, 1878, and
e19th day of February 1879, a PLAN, apout 3om by 50 n.,
relating to property in Aldaate Highestreet, in the City of London,
with the name of W. 8. Gardner therson. The plan was in the early
part of November, 1278, in use between offices in Lincoln s-inn, Broa
street, and Leadenhall-street. Whoever has found the samwand ulll
take it to Mr. W. S. Gardner, 11, Leadenhall-street, shall receive
TWO POUNDS REWARD
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday
las, between Windsor and Kensington, a GOLD LINKE
BRACELET. Anyone raking it to No. 6, Iornton-street. Kensing¬
ton, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a PUG DOG.
Supposed to have strayed from his home in Upper Berkely¬
street." Portman-square, on Saturday, 15th of Maron, apout : of lock.
Any person taking him to the Coachman, 112, Gloucester-mews west,
shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, in Piccadilly, on night of 16h March, a
YOUNG COLLIE Apply, from 10 to 11 a.m., at 2, Chape.¬
street, Belgrave-sqmar.
CITY of GLASGOW BANK in LIQUIDATION.
Notice to Creditors.—CREDITORS of the CITY of GAS¬
GOW BANK who did not ladge their claims prier to the 16th of
Lecember last are now requested to lodge the same (if they have not
atready aone so), on or before Saturday, the 22d day of March current,
in order that they may receive the cqualising dividend of 6s. 6 per
pound, which it is propesed to pay in Apre.
WM. ANDERON.
GEO. AULD. JAMIESON, Liquidators.
JOHN CAMERON,
JAMES HALDANE.
Glasgow, 6th March, 1879.
IN the Matter of the TIVYSIDE RAILWAY ACT
1372 Pursuant to an Order of the ilign fourt of dustice ddancery
Division mase by the Vice Changehor nit Janees Bacon in the matter
of Exparte the Undertaking of the Tevyside Railway tllad in the
Matter of 9 and 10 Victoria Chapter 20 the LANDOWNERS or other
peraons whose proporty may hve been interfere withr othe-wse
rendered less valuabie by the commencement construction or aban¬
denment of the Tivy side Raiway or who may have been subjected to
injury or loss in consequence of the compulsory pewers of taking pro¬
perty conferred on the Company by the said Act and frwhigh in¬
ury or loss no compensation or inadequatel compensation shall have
been paid are by their Solicitors on or before the eighth day of Amil
1879 to come in and prove their claims at the Chambers of the Vice
thancellor nir James Bacon No 11 New Square Lincolns inu Mic¬
deeex or in defan t thereof they will be peremptorily excluded from
the tenefit of the said Order. Friday the 18th day of April 1373 at 12
of the clock a noon at the said Chambers is appointed for hearing
and adjudicating upon the claims — Dated this 6tu day of March 1849.
JOSHUA BIRD ALLEN Chief Clerk
B. GRAY 93dgware Roal London Solicitor for the
Petitioners and Respondents
SHARE INVESTMENT TRUST.—In consequence
of an injunetion having been granted by the High Court of
Justice a, ainst the trustees dearing with the funds and property of
the Trust until the hearing of the action commenced, no payment of
interest can be mad present. It is of imperrance that the Trustees
should at onco he male acquainted with the NAMES, ADDRESSES,
an amouns of mning in Preferred and Deferred Certincates, of
every CERTIFICATE HOLDER. All suth are earnestly requested
at once to send in full part-culars to the Secretary. A printed state¬
ment of tins hrustees as o  proposed recous rurtion of the Trust will
ieeent by post to ad who se gend in particulars, but none will be
delivered on personal application. The Trustees desire to point out
that it will reat whthe flertincateholders to make the early resump¬
boon of interest payments practieanie.

E. D. JONAS, Secretary.
No. 1, Queen Victoria-street, r.C., 12th March, 1879.
CHANGE of NAME.—Skinner.—MacBurnie.—
I, Fanny Maria Maclurme (labey Fanny Maria Skinner), of
Dresden, in the Kingdom of Saxony, opinster, do declare that have
TAKEN upon mysen and USED, and now adopt and use, and intend
henceforth to adipt and use in all deeds and ariings, and upon all
occasions whats ever, the SURNAME, of MaC BULNIE only in
hen of the aurname of Skinner. And dedre that all person, a
occasson may require, will henseforth address and style mony the
surname of MacBarnie. As eeidence whereof I have this day
executed a desl to the effect aforesaid, which is intenned to lo forth¬
with curolled in the Supreme Court of Judicature, Chancery Division.
—Dated this 25th day of February, 1879.
JANNY MARIA MAC BURNIE.
Witnesses, J. D Mefurnic and F. 11. Martin.
THIS is to give notice, that 1, SUSAN W. MUL¬
CAHY, have TAKEN and ASSUMED, dating from the 26th
day of July, 1076, the name o: MORGAN, in addition to that of
Muicaby. Former Signature, SUSAN W. MELCAHY
Present S gnature, SUBAN W.MULCAHY MORGAN.
NOTICE.—The Royal Academy Winter Exhibition.—
The MINIATURES, formerly the property of the late ; Car¬
rathers, Es., ot Nouh Norwood, and now in the posseason of the
harl of Wearncliffe, were -OLD by Messrs. LEWIS and SON, of the
Flne Art Galeries, 44 and 45. King's-road, Brighton.
THE PORKING, Boxhill, and London COACH
PERSEVERANCE.—On and after 14th March, 1879, this coach
w.ll leave Hascnett's White Horse Cellar, Piccadilly, at 11.15 a.m.,and
return from the Whe Horse, Dorking, at 3.50 p.m., every day un¬
days excepteds, each journey occu ying 27, hours. Further particu¬
lars may be obtained from Wm. Banks, White Horse Cellar.
CRADE MARKS REGISTRATION ACT.—Notice.
Mr. STREETER, 18, New Bond-street, W., having registered
the following distinctive marks for the celebrated 18-carat gold
jewellery and macine made English keyless lever watches manufac¬
tured by nim, viz. For jewellery, E.W.S.18, and for watches, the
figure of an Hour Glass, gives notice that any infringement of the said
marss, will be fullowed ny legal proceedinas.
BBER PURESTS and GROUSE MOORS.—
E. PATON n SON beg to announce that their LIST of
MOORS and FORESTS to be LET, during the ensuing season, is now
published, and will be forwarded post free on application. Addres
E. Paton and Son. Gun and Rille Manufacturers, 106, Mount-street,
Grrosvenor-square, W., and 44, George-street, Porth, N.B.
TO be LET, first class SALMON FISHING, in one
of the best rivers in the North of England; Shooting over 2,000
acres; togther with a furnished or unfurnishen Residence, beautifully
stuate in a lovely and picturesque vale. Grass land can be had ft
required. Full particulars, from a persoual inspection, of Messrs.
Walton and Lee, Estate Agents, 20, Mount-street, Grosvenor square,
London, W. (2,093.
SHOOTING WANTED, for August and September,
with balmon or good Trout Fishing, in either Scotland,
Waes, or North of England. Must have lodge, containing six best
and four sorvant bed rooms and bath room, and convement as to
shooting and obtaining of supplies, but away from town or village.
Rent, including keeper, about £200. Fall particulars to E. Paton and
son, Gun and Rifle Manufacturers, 108, Mount-street, Grosvenor¬
stttare, W.
WORLEDGES CONFIDENTIAL AGENCY,
16, Moreton-place, Pimlico, S.W.—INQUIRIES, &c., Missing
Friends Traced, by Mr. Worladge, late Chief of Detective Police.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—Mr. WENDEL
SCHERER, 29 years' English and foreign experience, can be
daily consuited.—11, Blomfield-terrace, Paddington.
FORRESTER'S PRIVATE and CONFIDENTIAL
INVESTIGATION OFFICE, established 1850. Conducted by
Messrs. Forrester and Death (agents abroad).—28s. Basinghall-

RTHUR CLEVELAND MONTAGU and Co.,
Legal and Confidential Agents, 11, Old Broad-street, E.C. (lare
of Pall-mall and Cornhill). Mr. Montagu may be CONSULTED
daily, between 10 and 5 o'clock, on Saturdays till 2, on home and
joreign cases. 20 years legal experience. Letters and telegram
promptly attended to.
WEDDING PRESENTS and BIRTHDAY GIFTS
—WATCHES, Early English Clocks, Jewellery, Plate, &c., a
BENSON'S, Ludgate-hill and Old Bond-street. A splendid assort¬
ment on view. Illustrated pamphiets, post free for two stamps each.
PRETTY FLOWERS.—BRIDAL BOUQUETS
from 7s. 6d. ; bridesmaids bouquets, from 3s. 6d. ; baskets of
cut flowers or plants; wreaths and crosses of fresh or dried flowers.—
WILLIAM HOOPER. 88, Oxford-street, London, W.
