—Could not advertise on Saturday. Am quite
RODO. well. Do come as soon as you can. Send letter.
.G.—Piccadilly. Let me know your ADDRESS.
Your letter was too late.
W. — Sadly disappointed Thursday and Saturday.
WRITE immediately if Saturday next will do. Letters will
rwarded.
EDWARD ROBINSON, who left Brixton on a
tour, on Friday morning last, is earnestly requested to RETURN
HOME directly, as his mother is dangerously ill.
to X.—Mect me to night, or Wednesday, or
Thursday, and I want you to do what you can forme. I have
had to pay £450 for T. Let it be 8 o'clock.
THE late JAMES WOOD, of Gloucester, who died
in 1836.—WANTED, COUNSELS OPINION. Must be well
acquainted with the facts of the long litigation. State terms.—G. J.
and M. Wood, 2. Prospect-place, Walham-greee.
SIX GUINEAS REWARD.—To Parish Clerks, Re¬
gistrars, and others.
WILLIAM ROBINS, deceased.—WANTED, the CERTIFICATE
of MARRIAGE of this gentleman, date probably between the years
1785 and 1790. He was for many years engaged in the brewery of Messrs.
Meux and Co., and died about the year 187.
MARTHA RODINS and SAMUEL ROBINS, deceased.—The CER¬
TIFICATES of BAPTISM of these persons (the daughter and son of
the above), the first about 1792 and the other about 1798.
Two guineas for each of the above certificates will be paid by Messrs.
Eloum and Hocombe, solicitors, 13, Bedford-row.
LOST, a NEWFOUNDLAND BITCH. Any one
having found the same will be REWARDED, and every expense
paid, on referring to Mr. Robert Swinham, 234 Euston-road.
LOST, a LEATHER CIGAR CASE, containing two
French bank notes of 1,000 franes each, and a share of Lombard
loan. If found please to take it to Mr. Kettner, 29, Church-Street,
Soho. REWARD of FIVE POUNDS.
LOST, on Monday morning, the 19th inst., from
16, Coningham-road, Shepherd's-bush, a very large WHITE
DOG, with dark brown marks, entirely black over one eye, fine tail.
Answers to the name of "Turk." If taken to above address a band¬
some REWARD will be given Last advertissement.
LOST, a BROWN SUMMER OVERCOAT, having
in one pocket an opera-glass. Was lost in changing cars at
Brixton, in the second train out from Crystal Palace Saturday night.
An  e tu  e,
same to No. 15, Norfolk-street, Strand, shall be
liberally REWARDED.
LOST, on the 23d of July, in the neighbourhood
of St. John's-wood, a SMALL BLACK and TAN TERRIER
DOG. Had on a plated collar with name of owner. Any person taking
the same to No. 18, Hanover-cottages, Park-road, St. John's-wood, shall
be handsomely REWARDED.
BUBIES.—TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST,
on Monday or Tuesday, 19th or 20th instant, TWO PARCELS
of CUT RUBIES. Any person taking the same to 5, Upper Bedford-¬
place, Russell-square, shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday
last, in Hyde-park, or between the Marble Arch and Bryanston-¬
square, an AMETHYST BROOCH. Whoever finding it will take it
1o nston-square, shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT in a four¬
wheeled CAB, on Saturday last, from the Great Eastern to
Princes-street, Hanover-square, a small BLACK BOX, containing a
head-dress, gold brooch, brush, &c. Any one taking it to 237, Regent¬
street, W., shall receive the above reward.

TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST by or
STOLEN from a young man, who was seized with a fit in Lombard-¬
street, about 3 o'clock in the afternoon of Wednesday, 21st July in¬
stant, the undermentioned BANK NOTES, viz.:—Len notes of £10
each, all dated 7th April, 1869, and Nos. 31,777 to 31,786 inclusive.
Whoever will give such information as shall lead to the recovery of
the notes, if lost, or to the apprehension and conviction of the
offender, if stolen, shall receive the above reward. Information to be
given to Messrs. R. and S. Mullens, solicitors, 68, Cheapside.—
July 21, 1869.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednesday
night, the 14th inst., a GOLD ALBERT CHAIN, a Chased Key
and Seal (a dog), cornelian stones, with Spade Guinea attached.
Apply to Messrs. Upjohn and Bright, King William-street, Strand.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at the
Crystal Palace Station, on the evening of the 24th inst., an old¬
fashioned GOLD WATCH; maker's name Benjamin Wood; No.
7,985. Whoever will take the same to the housekeeper, at No. 21,
Cannon-street, E.C., shall receive the above reward.
ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD.—LOST, on Satur¬
day last, between Lowndes-square and Hyde-park-corner, a GOLD
WATCH, with silver face, short thick chain, with beads, and a bunch
of seals and ornaments attached. Whoever has found the above and
will take it to Mr. Archard, jeweller, South Audley-street, shall be re¬
warded as above.
FOUND, a SKYE TERRIER, in Stockwell, on July
20th. If NOT CLAIMED within three days will be SOLD to
defray expenses. Apply at 4, Ingleton-street, Robert-street, Brixton.
FOUND, a FIVE POUND-NOTE. The owner
may receive the same by giving particulars and number. Apply
at 22, Burl ngton-arcade.
METROPOLITAN POLICE OFFICE.—FOUND,
in November last, in Prince Albert-road, South Kensington, a
fiat linked GOLD BRACELET, with snap fastening. Application to
be made at Hammersmith Police Station.
BROUGHT to the City Green-yard a COSTER¬
MONGERS BARROW and  TRUCK; also Two Fish Boxes.
Will be SOLD if NOT CLAIMED within seven days from this date.
GEO, B. CHAPMAN, Keeper of the City Green-yard, E.C.
July 26, 1869.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduction of
the National Debt of the aum of £100 Consolidated £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore stauding in the names of JAMES TAYLOI,
of Arthur-street east, London-bridge, gentleman, and WALTER
HARVEY, a minor, and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having remained
unclammed since the 5th July, 1859;—Notice is hereby given, that
on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will
be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Walter Harvey,
now of age, the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim hereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £833 9s. 2d. Reduced
Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
JAMES EDWARD SHEARMAN, of Great Tower-street, Esq.,
FREDERICK FARRAR, of Godliman-Street, Doctors'-commons,
Esq., CHARLES ROBERT-THOMPSON, of New Broad-street, Esq.,
and SAMUEL FISHER, of Merchant Taylors'-hall, Esq., and which
was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the
dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th April,
1850; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid, to James Edward Shearman, Frederick Farrar, Charles
Robert Thompson, and Samuel Fisher, who have claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his
claim thereto.
TO JAMES LAING, late of No. 5, Avenue-place,
in the town and county of Southampton, but at present at sea,
master mariner, and JAMES CROWDACE, late of Gateshead, in the
county of Durham, colliery viewer, but now residing in South America.
—Take notice, that on the 3d day of April, 1866, a CITATION issued
under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, at the instance of Wil¬
liam Pears, of Fenham-hall, in the county of Durham, Esquire, citing,
among other persons, you, the said James Laing and Isabella Crow¬
dace, wife of you, the said James Crowdace, as two of the next of kin
of Sarah Laing, deceased, whilst living the only next of kin of Mar¬
garet Heron, who was at the time of her death the sole surviving exe¬
cutrix and residuary legatee in the will of Sir Thomas Heron, deceased,
to cause an appearance to be entered for you in the said Court of Pro¬
bate, and accept or refuse letters of administration of the unadminig¬
tered personal estate and effects of the said Sir Thomas Heron, or show
cause why the same should not be granted to the said William Pears,
limited to the purposes of a suit in the High Court of Chancery,
wherein the said William Pears is plaintiff and Ann Walters and
others are defendants, with an intimation that in default of the ap¬
pearance of you and the other persons cited the said letters of admin¬
istration would be granted to the said William Pears your absence
notwithstanding.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
TO JAMES LAING, late of No. 5, Avenue-place, in
the town and county of Southampton, but at present at sea,
master mariner, and JAMES CROWDACE, late of Gateshead, in the
county of Durhamn, colliery viewer, but now residing in South America.
—Take notice, that on the 3d day of April, 1869, a CITATION issued
under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, at the instance of
William Pears, of Fenham-hall, in the county of Durham, Esquire,
among other persons, citing you, the said James Laing, and Isabella
Crowdace, wife of you, the said James Crowdace, as two of the next of
kin of Sarah Laing, deceased, while living the only next of kin of
Margaret Heron, who was, at the time of her death, the sole surviving
executrix and residuary legatee in the will of Sir Thomas Heron, de¬
ceased, whon living the sole residuary legatee in the will of Sir Cuth¬
bert Heron, deceased, to cause an appearance to be entered for you in
the Principal Registry of the said Court of Probate, and accept or re¬
fuse letters of administration of the unadministered personal estate
and effects of the said Sir Cuthbert Heron, or show cause why the
same should not be granted to the said William Pears, limited to the
purposes of a suit in the High Court of Chancery wherein the said
William Pears is plaintiff and Ann Walters and others are defendants,
with an intimation that in default of the appearance of you and the
other persons cited the said letters of administration would be granted
to the said William Pears, your absence notwithstanding.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
SOLDIERS' BALANCES UNCLAIMED.—In
pursuance of the "Regimental Debts Act, 1863," notice is hereby
given, that Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War
Degartment-has available for DISTRIBUTION among the next of
kin the SUM of MONEY set opposite to the name of each of the de¬
ceased soldiers named in the list which is published with this notice
in the "London Gazette" and the "Army List," and is also to be seen
at the quarters of the several Staff Officers for the Recruiting and
Pension Service throughout the United Kingdom.
Applications from persons supposing themselves entitled as next of
kin should be addressed by letter to "The Under-Secretary of State,
War-office, London, S.W.," and marked outside "Soldier's Effects."
No application can be attended to which does not state the dates
and places of the soldier's birth, enlistment, and death, and the name
of his regiment; his regimental number should also be stated if
known.
Should these particulars furnished by the applicant not agree with
the fs
s recorded on the War-office documents relating to th
cceased
soldier, the applicant will be soinformed, but should they agree there¬
with, then wi-hin three calendar months the Sccretary of State will
furnish the applicant with the usual requirements needed for the
proof of the alleged relationship.
The application must be authenticated by the signature of the ap¬
plicant, and his name should be affixed in the presence of the clergy¬
man, or one of the churchwardens of the parish, or a justice of the
peace ; the applicant's address, with the name of the post town, must
also be clearly stated. No personal application can receive attentlon.
Further lists will from time to time be published, and therefore it
will facilitate the applicant's inquiries to give the number and date of
the notice in which the deceased soldier's name appeared.
Dated this 16th day of July, 1869.
By order of the said Principal Secretar.
EDWARD LUGARD.
Note.—A copy of this notice is to be seen at the quarters of the
several Staff Officers for the Recruiting and Pension Service through¬
out the United Kingdom.
List XXVIII, of the names of soldiers deceased since 1865, whose
personal estate is held by the Secretary of State of War for adminis¬
tration among the next of kin.
NOTICE.— In consequence of the subject of New
Zealand having unexpectedly been discussed in Parlament
previous to the Meeting advertised to be held on Thursday next, the
29th inst., it has been decided to POSTPONE the said MEETING
until further information shall have been received from the Colony.
WM. WESTGARTH, Hon. Secretary.
PUBLIC MEETING of Persons Interested in the
Welfare of our Colonies will be held at the City Terminus Hotel,
Cannon-street, on Thursday, the 29th July, 1869, at 2 o'clock, for the
purpose of considering, the alarming position of the Colomes in the
Northern Island of New Zealand, and of making representations to
the Government on the present critical condition of the Colony.
It is particularly requested that all who are interested in the welfare
of the British Colonies will attend this important Meeting.
N. M. Rothschild and Sons Shaw, Savill, and Co.

Matheson and Co.

Robt. Brooks and Co.
Merry, Willis, and Lloyd
Miles and Co.
J. A, Scrimgeour
Dalgety, Du Croz, and Co.
Sinclair, Hamilton, and Co. Jas. A. Douglas


S. Kennard and Co.
Donald Lamnach
Jas. McEwan and Co.
Leaf, Sous, and Co.
Pixley, Abell, Langley, and Southey, Balme, and Co.
D. P. Mckwen
John Campbell and Co.
Doualdson, Lambert, and Co.

D. Freshfield.
Bargood, Son, and Co.
Henry Sewell.
Hugh L. Taylor
Fredk, Alers Hankey
Richard Philpott

Henry East
Hasgard, Hale, and Pixley
Win. Milliken
S. B. Edenborough

Charles Nicholson, Bart.
Leonard Wray
le re ilson
William Walker
W. C. Wentworth
H. E. Moutgomerie
Jas. A. Youl
Chas. W. Allen.
TOTTERIDGE-PARK.—SPEECH DAY, Thurs¬
day, July 29th. Old pupils and friends wishing to be present are
requested to intimats their intention as early as possible. Trains
leave King's-cross (G.N.R.) at 11,36 and 12.5.
PLENDID VIEW of the BOAT RACE.—To be¬
LET, WINDOWS and SEATS on the roof of a lofty house, at
aterrace. Apply for particulars, enclosing stanip for reply, to
E.L. Readins, Be.
