GISSIE. — Just received your note. Please WRITE.
JAMES COOPER, of Feltham.—Your mother is
dying, and craves to see you. Your friends are ignorant of your
JOHN HEWITT.—Your LETTER RECEIVED.
Where and when can H. H. see you ? Answer by letter, addressed
H. H., 195, Shoreditch.
TIME has made no change. Anxiety and disappoint¬
ment I cannot prevest. What means can I take to end this sus¬
pense? Let me have an ADDRESS.—E.
THE YOUNG MAN who left home on Sunday
morning the 2d inst. (for Church 1, and
since been
heard of by his friends, is requested to COMMUNICATE with them
immediately.
C. P.—A, W. W. W. A. L. Boulogne.—W. B.—
L. P. D.—Messrs. F. R and Co.—C. B.—. I have returned from
the Continent, and can be consulted on business at my office any day
during next week.—Pollaky, Private Inquiry-office, 15, Paddington-¬
ST. GEORGE's, Hanover-square.—If the GENTLE¬
MAN (G. R.) who
to keep his appointment on the 4th
gust, will COMMUNICATE with M. R. to the address given him at
their last interview (30th July, 47, L. B. P.) he will greatly oblige.
MYDROCELE.—Breaker can be leaved, according
to self-experience, by external Middles. Please address, post
ad to R. S. B., N 375, Esslingen, kingdom of Wurtemberg.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD. — William Gundry
Powning.—Whereas a warrant has been issued for the apprehen¬
sion of William Gundry Powning, late of 192, Gresham-house, Old
Broad-street, secretary to a mining company, upon a charge of felony,
e
a reward of £50 will be paid to any person
who shall give such INFORMATION as may lead to the APPRE¬
HENSION of the said WILLIAM GUNDRY POWNING, within six
calendar months from this date. The following is a description of the
said William Gundry Powning:—Age 33 years, height 5ft. 9in., brown
hair, beard, and moustache, low forehead, wears his hair parted on
both sides of his forehead, his eyelids droop a little, and over the left
eye there is a mark about one inch long. He is a large, fat man, and
weighs about 17 or 18 stone. It is requested that information may be
given to Inspector Hamilton, Police-office, Old Jewry, London, E.C.,
or to Messrs. R. and L. Mullens, 68, Cheapside, London, E.C.—
December 1866.
TEN POUNDS REWARD will be given to whoever
will bring a LETTER CASE, containing Spanish Bonds and other
papers, to Hosier Morgan, Esq., 3, Shorter's-court, city which was
lost at the London Joint-Stock Bank, Princes-street, on Friday, 30th
DOG LOST.—STRAYED AWAY, on Tuesday last,
from Whitehall, a DOG, white, with brown spots, and answers to
the name of "Ruff." The dog is of middling age, with pointed nose,
but of no particular breed. Whoever brings the same to 3, Middle
Scotland-yard, shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, supposed
to have been left in a cab which took a gentleman from the
Salisbury Hotel, Salisbury-square, Fleet-street, to the Great Northern
Railway Station, King's-cross, on Saturday, the 1st December, between
4 and 5 o'clock in the afternoon, a BLACK JAPANNED TIN BOX,
secured by a leather strap, and containing four old guineas, also certi¬
ficates of railway shares and other documents, of no use to anyone but
the owner, and which would be recognized on opening the box. Who¬
ever will restore the same to James William Harrison, 11, Hatton-gar¬
den, London; or Messrs. Brown and Parker, East Central Press, Eldon¬
street, city, shall at once receive the above reward. No further reward
will be offered.
If the cabman who drove the above fare will call at the
Salisbury Hotel, he shall be remunerated for his loss of time and trou
ble, and should his information lead to the recovery of the lost pro¬
perty, he shall be handsomely rewarded.
IEUTENANT JOHN PLUNKETT, 6th Bengal
Native Infantry, deceased.—The NEXT of KIN of this deceased
(who died in the East Indies) are requested to COMMUNICATE with
Messrs. Lawford and Waterhouse, of Drapers'-hall, 28, Austinfriars,
London, E.C., solicitors to the Administrator-General of Bengal, with
reference to a small balance in his hands.
NOTICE.—INQUIRY having been made a few
years ago (believed to be in 1861 or 1862), in Trinidad, for the
HEIRS of THOMAS DUTTON, who died in that island, by a solici¬
tor in London, the undersigned takes this mode of informing any one
who takes an interest in the affair that he is the only surviving son of
said Thomas Dutton, and will be grateful if he is communicated
with. WILLIAM DUTTON, care of Benj. Foster and Co., Box
No. 722, New Orleans, Louisiana.
. Do hereby give notice, that by a deed poll, dated
the 3d day of December, 1866, and intended to be forthwith duly
enrolled in Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery, I, DANIEL
DUNGLAS HOME, of 22, Sloane-street, Knightsbridge, have for ne
self and my heirs TAKEN and ASSUMED the SURNAME of LYON
in lien of Home; and that in future I intend to use the names of
Daniel Home Lyon, and to be called and known by those names only.
—Dated this 3d day of December, 1866.
D. D. HOME
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
ELIZA LAST, the wife of Charles Last, of the city of Adelaide,
in the colony of Australia, merchant and attorney. Take notice, that
a CITATION, bearing date the 26th day of November, 1866, has issued
under the seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, whereby you, as one
of the natural and lawful children of Orlande Hodgson, late of Lord
Nelson-street, Liverpool, in the county of Lancaster, deceased, are
cited, within 30 days after the service thereof, to cause an appearance
to be entered for you in the Principal Registry of the said Court, and
accept or refuse letters of administration of the personal estate and
effects of the said deceased, or show cause why the same should not be
granted to William Webb, of Bloomfield-cottage, Otley, in the
county of York, a creditor of the said deceased, with an intimation
that unless you, and the other persons mentioned in the said citation,
some or one of them, appear and accept, and extract, the said letters of
administration, the Judge of the said Court, or the Registrars of the
Principal Registry thereof, will grant such letters of administration to
the said William Webb.
EDWARD F. JENNER, Registrar.
EYRE and LAWSON, 1, John-street, Bedford-row, London.
GALMON FISHERY ACTS, 1861, 1863.—Notice is
hereby given, that the Special Commissioners for English Fisheries
will hold a COURT, at Conway, in the Assembly Rooms, on the 8th
day of January next, at the hour of 10 o'clock in the forenoon, and at
such Court will proceed to inquire into the legality of all fishing weirs,
fishing mill dams, and fixed engines, situate on the rivers Conway, Roe.
bledr, or in any other part of the Conway Fishery District, as formed
oy the Secretary of State, and all persons interested in such engines are
required to attend at such Court from day to day, until discharged, in
order that a decision may be made by the said Commissioners, with
respect to the removal of such fishing weirs or fixed engines, or the
alteration of such fishing mill dams, or that such other order may be
made by them in the premises as the facts of each case appear to
warrant. —Dated at the office of the re
Special Commissioners for English
Fisheries, 22, Parliament-street, Westminster, this 6th day of Dec., 1866.
a
The Special
B.SPRATT, Commissioners for
HENRY SCOTT.
English Fisheries.
PROOF of GUN BARRELS.—Twenty Pounds
Reward. The Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house hereby
zive notice, that the following PERSONS have been recently CON¬
VICTED of offences against the Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1855, viz.:—
William Ilsley, of No. 244, Farm-street, Hockley, Birmingham, gun¬
maker, was, on the 30th of October last, convicted at the Public office,
Moor-street, Birmingham, before Mr. Kynnersley, the stipendiary
magistrate, for selling eight double-barrelled and three single-barrelled
birding guns, the barrels whereof were not duly proved and marked
as proved under the Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1855; whereupon fines were
imposed upon him amounting in the aggregate to £83 ; or, in default.
to undergo imprisonment for periods amounting to four months and
28 days.
Edgar Brooks, of No. 46, Lichfield-street, Birmingham, gun-maker,
on the 22d day of November last, at the Central Criminal
ourt, Lon¬
don, pleaded guilty to an indictment charging him with the sale of 700
muskets, the barrels whereof were not duly proved and marked under
the said Act, and was discharged upon his own recognizances to come
up for judgment when called upon.
And the said Guardians further give notice, that upon receiving
trustworthy information of any other person or persons in the like
case offending against the provisions of the said Act, they (the said
Guardians) will, at their discretion, prosecute, and, upon conviction,
will pay a reward of £20 to their informant.
Information may be given to the said Guardians at their Proof¬
house in Banbury-street, Birmingham; or to the undersigned.
WILLIAM S. ALLEN, 35, Waterloo-street, Birmingham, Lay
Clerk to the Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 153. — West
Marsh, in the parish of West Ham, Essex.—In the Matter of the
Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chan, 53, notice is hereby given, that on
the application of WILLIAM EVE, of Manor Farm, North Ockendon,
in the county of Essex, gentleman, the Registrar intends, at the ex¬
piration of three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER,
with an indefeasible TITLE, the HEREDITAMENTS called or known
as Great and Little Woodhouse (including Gardener's-wall, adjoining
Bow Creek, and a piece of land formerly known as The Abbey, two
acres adjoining Star or Marsh lane), in West Marsh, in the parish of
West Ham, in the county of Essex, containing 32a. 3r. 10p., or there¬
about, partly in hand and parly in the tenure or occupation of Messrs.
Potter and Hodges, and of Mrs. Mary Ann Abbott, and delineated on
the map No. 153, deposited in the Office of Land Registry, as part of the
description of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, to¬
gether with the mines' and minerals under the same. If any person
objects to, or desires to show cause against, such registration, or claims
that the same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or
that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not
already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on
the register, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of
the said three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by
affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against,
or to make such claim in respect of, such registration. But any person
desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing,
stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto,
in the said office before the expiration of the said three months,
otherwise he will be excluded from making the same. The aforesaid
map may be inspected at the said office at any time before the ex¬
piration of the said three months. —Dated this 8th day of December,
1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
C. J. RAWLINGS, Solicitors to the Applicant, 59, Bishopsgate-¬
street within, London, and at Romford, Essex.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 270. —Caerneddol Estate,
in the parish of Llanfihangel Bachelleth, Carnarvonshire.—In
the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is
thereby given, that on the application of the Rev. JOHN CLOUGH
WILLIAMS ELLIS, Tutor of Sidney Sussex College, in the University
of Cambridge, Clerk, the Registrar intends, at the expiration of three
calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an in¬
defeasible TITLE, for the residue of the term of 500 years, computed
from the 21st May, 1816, created by lease dated 22d May, 1816, the
TENEMENTS called or known as the Caerneddol Estate, in the parish
of Llanfihangel Bachelleth, in the county of Carnarvon, containing
85a. 3r. 4p. or thereabout, in the tenure or occupation of Henry
Thomas, situate near and on the northern side of the parish road from
Nant to Llandebrog, partly intersected by another parish road running
into the same road, and delineated on the map No. 270, de¬
posited in the Office of Land Registry as part of the de¬
scription of the same tenements, and thereon edged with red, to¬
gether with the mines and minerals under the same. If any person ob¬
jects to, or desire to show cause against, such registration, or claims that
the same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or
that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not
already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on
the register, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No.
.
.
 before the expiration of the
said three months, opene
wan at ally or be ente
ses to the citor or counsel, or by affi¬
davit or othere
herwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause against,
or to make such claim in respect of, such registration or a season.
ny person de¬
siring to
ake such one sidend
nor cla
must lodge the same to an
ting,
tatesting the particulars thereof, and with his name an
aeton address thereto,
in the said Office, before the expenses.
nion of the said three months, other¬
wise he will be excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map
may be inspected at the said office at any
more enterestore
the experior at a station
¬
ree months. — Dated this 8th day of December, 1866.
D.
ORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
Ch
to, the are not on 
LKIN, Solicit
to the
pplicant,
No. 10, Tokenhouse-yard, London.
NEAS REWARDED SEN
FINE ARTISTS.
UTE, 5, Henrietta
G.
street, Covent-garden, W.
Medical Director—ALFRED EBSWORTH, F.R.C.S.
Lady Superintendent—Mrs. NIKEL.
Resident skilled medical, surgical, and monthly nurses are supplied
at a moment's notice from this Institute ; also fever nurses, male at¬
tendants, and wet nurses.
LONDON NURSES' INSTITUTE, 42, South
Audley-street, Grosver.
uare, London, W.—Proficiently
TRAINED HOSPITAL NURSES, Male Attendants, and Wet Nurses
can at all times be obtained from this Inst.
T. HAMILTON, Manager.
DEATHS.
On the 6th inst., of apoplexy, at the residence of his mother, 13,
Queen's-road, Brownswood-park, Mr. B. S. TURNER, of Myddelton-¬
street, E.C., aged 44. Friends will kindly accept this intimation.
On the 6th inst., at Halterworth, Romsey, aged, 51, CHARLES
REEVES, Esq., Surveyor of the Metropolitan Police and County Courts,
Guilford-street, and Whitehall. Friends are requested to accept this
as an intimation.
On the 6th inst., at St. Leonard's, JAMES GUTHRIE, Esq
Craigie, Forfarshire.
On the 6th inst., at 306, Sauchichall-street, Glasgow,
ISABELLA AGNES, daughter of the late DUGALD BANNATYNE, Esq.
merchant, Glasgow.
On the 6th inst., at Highfield House, Leeds, FREDERICK, you
son of the late JOHN ELLERSHAW, Esq., of Headingley, aged 43.
On the 7th inst., at 8, Finsbury-square, of typhus fever, HENRY
JEAFFRESON, M.D., in his 57th year.
On the 7th inst., at the house of her son-in-law, W. W. Mason, Esq.,
Rotherhithe, ELIZABETH, relict of CHARLES DIMSDALE COLLAMBELL,
Esq., late of Dover-place, New Kent-road, in the 87th year of her age.
On the 7th inst., at Haringay-park, Hornsey, STEWART GRAHAM, the
beloved wife of ROBERT DAVISON, C.E., and fourth daughter of the
late Robert Borwick, of Kirkwall, Orkney, aged 55. Friends will please
accept this intimation.
At Blatchborough, Bradworthy, near Devon, on his 44th birthday, of
bronchitis, ARUNDELL CALMADY-HOTCHKYS, Esq., J.P. county of
.
