SHOULD this meet the eye of T. C., who left his
home on Friday morning, he is earnestly implored to COMMU¬
NICATE, without delay, to his distressed family or his old friend.—
J. A. N.
COALS, deceased.—WANTED, the NEXT of KIN
and the LEGAL PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVES of MARY
COALS, the widow of Benjamin Coals, of the city of Bristol, currier,
who died on the 28th day of August, 1780. Apply, by letter, to Mr.
E. A. Harley, solicitor, Bristol.
PICKETT.—Next of Kin.—Any persons claiming
to be of the NEXT of KIN of WILLIAM VOSE PICKETT, late
of No. 27, Sussex-street, Pimlico, Esqre., deceased, are requested to
send their names and addresses, with particulars of their relationship
to the undersigned. —Dated the 11th day of September, 1872.
LEWIS, MUNNS, and LONGDEN, solicitors, 8, Old Jewry, E.C.
EDGAR ROBERT, deceased.—A legacy having
bee bequeathed to the CHILDREN of the late Mr. ROBERT
EDGAR, formerly of Newfoundland, but who afterwards resided 
England, such children or their descendants are requested to APPLY
to Messrs. Phelps, Bennett, and Woodforde, 14, Red Lion-square
London, and furnish evidence of their title to the abovementioned
legacy. —Dated 1st September, 1872.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—MISSING from his
home, High-Street, Slough, Bucks, since 6 a.m. on the 4th instant,
Mr. W. H. WARLOW, ironmonger. About 30 years of age, about five
feet six inches high, rather stout, large blue eyes, florid complexion,
light hair, and rather bald: dressed in a dark speckled suit and high
hat. It is feared some ill has befallen him. Information to be given
to Superintendent Denham, police-court, Slough, Bucks.
NATIONAL HOSPITAL, 85, Newman-street, W.
—The Earl of Glasgow, Treasurer ACKNOWLEDGES with
many thanks the RECEPT of £25 from Mrs. Peter Cracroft, to keep
one bed.—11th Sept., 1872.
LOST, at Ryde, Isle of Wight, on Friday last, a
SMALL BLACK and TAN TERRIER. Apply at The Promon¬
tory, Ryde. FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, on Thursday night September 5th, a SMALL¬
WHITE MALTESE TERRIER, bo
lipped, answers
to the name of Fron-Frou. ONE POUND REWARD will be paid to
any one taking it to 225, New Cross-road. No further reward will be

LOST, on Friday morning, Sept. 6th, near the rail¬
way station, Ealing, a LADYS SMALL GOLD WATCH, with
blue enamel at the back. Whoever will take the same to Mr. Acworth,
Ealing Broadway; or to Mr. Calder, stationer, Bathurst-street, Hyde¬
park-gardens, shall receive THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, at Paddington Station, at 5.30 p.m., 1st
September, a BROWN RUSSIAN LEATHER PURSE, contain¬
ing £2 or £3 10s. in gold, and two half-crowns in silver, also gold pencil,
chain and lockets. A handsome REWARD if taken to 15, Eastbourne¬
terrace, Hyde-park.
LOST, on Tuesday, 10th instant, between) Cannon¬
street and Shoreditch Stations, between 10.30 and 11,30 o'clock¬
a.m., a large ONYX CROSS, with a pearl in the centre. Whoever finds
the same and will take it to 39, St. Mary-at-Hill, Tower-street, E.C.,

AUGGAGE LOST.—FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
—LOST, on Thursday last, 5th inst., between Gravesend and Lon¬
don-bridge, on board the steamer Eagle, from Margate, to which the
passengers per steamer Virge from Hamburt were transferred, a
BLACK LEATHER DRESSING-CASE BAG, bearing initials T. S.,
and a green plaid rug, gray overcoat, two sticks, and an umbrelia,
strapped together. May have been taken ashore by mistake at Black¬
wall or London-bridge. Whoever will take the same intact to Messrs.
John Hunt and Son, 4, Cullum-street, city, shall receive the above

UMBRELLA and STICK LOST. —LEFT, in a first-¬
class railway carriage at Winchester, on 2nd September, an
UMBRELLA, with silver suake on handle, and a loaded rattan cane.
Whoever shall leave the same at the Lost Property Office, Waterloo
Station, shall receive his own umbrella and cane, which were taken in
mistake.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in Hyde-park,
on Sunday morning, a BLACK and WHITE TERRIER BITCH.
Had on a chain collar, with a name and address thereon. Whoever
will take her to 194, Sloane-street, shall receive the above reward. No
further reward will be offered,
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of £2,000
Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name
of the Reverend ROBERT TAYLOR HUNT, of Clifton-place, Cam¬
berwell New-road, deceased, and which dividend was paid over to the
Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in conse¬
quence of its having remained unclaimed since the 5th January, 1862;
—Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, the said Dividend will be paid to William Hasted, one of
the executors of the Reverend Robert Taylor Hunt, deceased, who has
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and
make out his claim thereto.
A MAISON J. E. GUNZBURG, à Paris et à
Pétersbourg, previent le public qu'elle n's rien de commun ni
aucun rapport d'affaires avec Mr. Alexandre Gunzbu.
ORGAN.—The NEW GRAND ORGAN for the
Town-hall, Bombay, the gift of Sir Albert David Sassoon, C.S.I.,
will be ON VIEW till the 13th at the builders, Bishop and Starr,
No. 250, Marylebone-road.
NOTICE is hereby given, That by a Deed Pollunder my
hand and seal dated the ninth day of September 1872 and intended
to be forthwith enrolled in Her Majests'y High, Court of Chancery I(John
James Jalfon of Chatham in the County of Kent Gentleman hitherto
called and known by the name of John Allen declare that henceforth I
shall on all occasions and in all Deeds and writings, and in all dealings
and transactions ADOPT and USE the SURNAME of JALFON
instead and to the exclusion of the Surname of Allen and the Christian
name of James in addition to that of John and I desire in future to be
addressed by such Christian & Surnames of John James Jalfon and not
as heretofore by the Christian & Surnames of John Allen. —Dated this
ninth day of September 1872.	JOHN JAMES JALFON
Witness—Adolphus F. W. Stephens. Soir Chatham.
NOTICE is hereby given that I the undersigned
Robert Nicholl Dawson Scott (heretofore known as Robert
Nicholl Dawson) of Fareham in the County of Southampton Esquire a
Maior in the Royal Engineers in pursuance of a wish expressed in the
Will of Thomas Scott late of Brent House Penrith in the County of
Cumberland deceased intend henceforth to TAKE and USE the NAME
of "SCOTT" after and in connection with that of Dawson and to style
myself and in all documents and proceedings to sign my name as
"Robert Nicholl Dawson Scott" instead of Robert Nicholl Dawson
(the name by which 1 have been heretofore known, And I have testi¬
fied and declared such my intention by a deed Poll dated this day
under my hand and seal and which deed Poll is intended to be
forthwith enrolled in the Court of Chancery Dated this sixth day of

R. N. DAWSON SCOTT.
Witness W. Keith Captain Royal Engineers Portsmouth.
PROOF of GUN BARRELS.—NOTICE as to
OFFENCES and PENALTIES.—To Merchants, Shippers, Cus¬
tom-house Agents, Pawnbrokers, Makers of or Dealers in Guns, Pistols,
or other Small Arms, and to all other persons whom it may concern.—
The Guardians of the Birmingham Proof-house hereby give notice as
follows, viz.:—
1. The Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1868 (31 and 32 Victoria, chap. 113,
Local), constitutes the sale, exchange, or exportation, or the exposing
or keeping for sale, exchange, or exportation, of any small arm of
which the barrel or barrels have not been duly proved and marked as
proved, according to the said Act, an offence, and makes the offender
liable to a penalty of not exceeding £20 for every unproved barrel,
half the penaity going to the informer.
J.. 2. Pawning or pledging, or taking in pawn or pledge, small arms with
unproved barrels is made a similar offence, and is attended with a
similar penalty.
3. Any attempt to sell, exchange, or export, or to pawn or ple
small arms with unproved barrels is also an offence, and is attended
with a similar penalty.
4. The Government mark (commonly known as the Tower mark),
and which often remains upon barrels purchased from Government,
does not exempt them from liability to proof under the said Act,
unless the regulations of section 119 are strictly complied with.
5. The Act extends to imported foreign arms. Notice in writing of
the importation must be given and the barrels sent for proof, unless
the arms imported are intended only for conversion and export; but
even then notice is requisite. Foreign arms, bearing a registered
foreign proof mark, are exempt. (Under this head, refer to sections

6. The Guardians have prosecuted many persons under the Act, and
are determined to uphold its provisions strictly. Under two very recent
prosecutions the penalties inflicted were, in the one case £20, and in
the other £70, notwithstanding that in both cases the defendants
pleaded entire ignorance of the law.
7. And the said Guardians hereby further give notice that upon
trustworthy information of any offence or offences against the Act,
they will (at their discretion) prosecute, and upon conviction, liberally

8. Information may be given to the undersigned, or to Mr. Joseph
March, the Proof Master of the said Guardians, at their Proof-house,
in Banbury-street, Birmingham. By order,
WILLIAM S. ALLEN, 35, Waterloo-street, Birmingham, Law
Clerk to the Guardfans of the Birmingham Proof-house.
Birmingham, 1st September, 1872.
WHEREAS the Right Honourable GEORGE
STEVENS, Earl of STRAFFORD, of Wrotham-park Barnet
in the county of Herts, and the most Honourable ROBERT ARTHUR
TALBOT GASCOYNE, Marquess of SALISBURY, of Hatfield-house,
Hatfield, in the county of Hertford, being respectively interested under
the provisions of "The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange and Improve¬
ment of Lands," in the LAND and HEREDITAMENTS set forth
in the Schedule hereunder written, with the easements and appurte¬
nances thereunto belonging, and being desirous of effecting an EX¬
CHANGE of the same, have made application, in writing, to the
Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, to direct enquiries
whether such proposed Exchange would be beneficial to the Owners of
such respective Lands and Hereditaments, and to proceed with the
esssesadmaaaer¬
Now the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, being of
opinion that such Exchange would be beneficial, and that the terms
thereof are just and resonable, hereby give notice that they will cause
to be framed and confirmed, under their Hands and Seal, an Order of
Exchange in the matter of the said application, unless notice in
writing of dissent to the said proposed Exchange be given to them by
some person entitled to an Estate in, or to a charge upon, the said
land and hereditaments or any part thereof, on or before the 26th day
of December next.
The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing notice refers.
Land and Hereditaments in which the abovenamed George Stevens,
Earl of Strafford, is interested, situate in the parish of South Mimms
in the county of Middlesex and proposed to be exchanged for the
land and hereditaments hereinafter specified:—

Description.
Tithe Map.
Piece of land formerly a chalk pit and

south-west by the old road leading
from St. Alban's to South Mimms on
12.
the east next the said road by glebe
.
land of the said parish on other part
of the east and on the north by land
of the Marquess of Salisbury.
Land and Hereditaments in which the abovenamed Robert Arthur
Talbot Gascoyne Marquess of Salisbury is interested, situate in the
parish of South Mimms in the county of Middlesex, and proposed
to be exchanged for the land and hereditaments, hereinbefore
specified:—
se
Description.
Tithe Map.
Piece of land formerly waste of the
Manor of South Mimms bounded on
Roadside
the south by the road leading from

South Mimms to Potters'-bar, and on 2 10

the north-east and west by land, late

of Mrs. Moreton and now belonging

Witness my hand this 15th day of August, in the year of our Lord
one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.
H. PYNE (By Order of the Board).
Inclosure Commission, 3, St. James's-square, London, S.W.
IN CHANCERY.—Chubb and Son 57 St. Pauls
Churchyard Plaintiffs and Lewis Solomon Furniture Broker 10
Water Lane Blackfriars Defendant.—On the 3rd August 1872 His
Honor the Vice Chancellor Malins made the following order "This
Court doth Order that the said Defendant Lewis Solomon his Agents
and Servants, be RESTRAINED from SELLING or offering for Sale
any SAFES fitted with locks and keys not of the Plantiffs manufacture
but represented by him to be of the Plaintiffs manufacture or any
Safes or Locks or Keys not of the Plaintiffs manufacture but repre¬
sented by him to be of the Plaintiffs manufacture and from affixing to
or stamping on any Safes Locks or Keys not of the Plaintiffs manu¬
facture the name of the Plaintiffs as the Makers thereof until over the
ssesm
NOTICE.—ROWLANDS and FRAZER, jewellers,
&c., respectfully announce that their business is carried on as
usual during the alterations, at the same address 146, Regent-street.
NOTICE.—Mr. STREETER finds it necessary to
state that the £2 BRIDESMAID'S LOCKET, with monogram,
and the £5 bracelet—specialities of his machine-made manufactures—
are of 18 carat gold (guaranteed), and can only be obtained at his esta¬
blishment, 37, Conduit-street, Bond-street, London, W.
NOTICE.—The £5 Telescope.—S. and B. SOLO¬
MONS beg to give notice that their £5 TELESCOPE has their
name and address engraved on the brass eye end, and a written certifi¬
cate is given with the object glass, stating the date of trial, the perform¬
ance on test objects, and the powers used.—39, Albemarle-street, W.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—C. BELLERBY (many
years with Hammonds), riding trousers, hunting, racing, and
leather breeches maker, REMOVED from 5, Duke-street, Manchester¬
square, to 25, Lower Seymour-street, Portman-square, London, W.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—The old-established
BUSINESS of H. SEWARD and Co., 15 and 16, Blackman¬
street, Borough, has been REMOVED to G. M. and H. J. Story's whole¬
sale and export cabinet warehouse, 33, London-wall, and 2, Coleman¬
street, E.C.
MESSRS. CHARLES FRODSHAM and Co.,
Watch, Clock, and Chronometer Makers to the Queen and
H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, 84, Strand, corner of Cecil-street,
beg to inform their customers and the public that, the alterations
to their premises being now completed, business is carried on as
usual.
