OTH APRIL, 47. Can I Write?
TO my Wife on receipt.—S.
MIM from J. C. STEEL.—CALL for LETTERS at
General Post-office, London.
DONNELL or MARONY.—MARY DONNELI
(formerly Mary Marony) is requested to COMMUNICATE with
Mr. Greenwood, Treasury, London.—April 7, 1865.
NOTICE.—JOHN DOBSON STOW and MARY
e
tho were residing in London in 1859, are requested.
to COMMUNICATE with James Fredric Stow, 18, Meadows, St
Mildred's, Canterbury, on important business, and state their numbe
of family.
IF JAMES HALL and WILLIAM HALL, sons of
Andrew Hall, deceased, formerly of Playden, Sussex (the former
of whom left England in or about 1840, and went to Van Diemen's
Land, and the latter left England about the same time, and was last
heard of at Mr. Austin's, Elyer-cattle station, Streatam near Sydney
Australia, about nine years ago), will apply to Mr. John Phillipt
solicitor, Hastings, Sussex, England, they will HEAR of SOMETHING
to their ADVANTAGE.
MISSING, since the 2d of this month, from a board¬
ing-school, a YOUNG LADY, 17 years of age, light brown hair,
blue eyes, delicate complexion and beautiful teeth. Supposed to have
been dressed when leaving in a blue silk dress, black silk jacket, w
gimp trimming, and white bonnet. TWENTY POUNDS REWARD
for correct information as to her present, whereabouts will be given by
Mr. Pollaky (Private Inquiry-office), 13, Paddington-green, W.
LOST, on Tuesday last supposed in St. Peter's¬
square, Hammersmith, a GOLD EYE-GLASS, with gold chain
attae.
Any person taking the same to 20, St. Peter's-square, shall
be REWARDED.
LOST, in Motcomb-street, on Wednesday afternoon,
a POMERANIAN BITCH, sandy colour, with leather collar
with brass plate ; answers to the name of "Minnie." If brought to
No. 84, Eaton-square, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Saturday, the 8th, between the Padding,
ton Station and Sloug.
PURSE, containin.
same money and
three rings. A REWARD of FIVE POUNDS will be given to any¬
one bringing the rings to Messrs. W. and A. Gilbey, 357, Oxford-street.
LOST, on Tuesday, March 14th, a BLACK and
TAN SPANIEL PUPPY, with a white stripe down his chest,
Answers to the e e
vone bringing him to 63, Sloane¬
street, shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
LOST, on Friday last, the 7th inst., a GOLD RING,
with oval enamel miniature of a gentleman, about 1800. Who¬
ever will give information leading to the recovery thereof shall be hand¬
somely REWARDED. Apply to Mr. Chaffers, 19, Fitzroy-square, W.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Monday
evening, the 10th inst., between No. 4, Cross-street, Hatton
garden, and No. 208, Piccadilly, a 10-quire, folio, foolscap BLUE
PAPER DAY BOOK, containing memoranda. No further reward
will be offered, the book being of no value to any one but the owner.
Any person found detaining it will be prosecuted. Whoever will bring
it to either of the above addresses shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, at 176 and 177, Strand, a PAWN¬
BROKER's DUPLICATE, issued by Richard Attenborough,
No. 19, Piccadilly.
FOUND, a POINTER. The owner can have it on
giving description and paying expenses. If not owned within
seven days, will be sold to pay expenses. Apply to 25 a, Tavistock-place,
Tavistock-square.
FOLLOWED A DOG-CART, to Hornsey, on Satur¬
day evening, the 8th inst., a SPOTTED CARRIAGE DOG. The
owner can have it on giving a description and paying expense of this
advertisement. Address Mr. South, 105, Oxford-street, W.
DOG.—FOUND, on Thursday, 6th April, a BROWN
SPANIEL DOG, without a collar. The owner to apply to Mr.
Bumpus, 158, Oxford-street.
NY PERSON having sent by mistake a FIVE¬
POUND NOTE, addressed Mrs. Grant, 28, Hugh-Street, Pimlico,
can have the same by making a satisfactory claim, and paying the cost
of advertisement by applying to the newspaper office, North Audley

THAMES CONSERVANCY.—Notice is hereby
given, thatit is the inten
tors of River
Thames to ERECT a STEAM-BOAT PIER or LANDING PLACE
for the landing and embarking of passengers to and from steam ves¬
sels at the Yorkshire Grey public stairs, Cheyne-walk, opposite Manor¬
street, Chelsea, in the county of Middlesex. E. BURSTAL, Sec.
Thames Conservancy office, 41, Trinity-square,
London, April 11, 1865.
BANKRUPTCY. — Public Notice. — JOHN
MDOWALL and SONS, engineers and patentees of wood-cutting
machinery, Walkinshaw Foundry, Johnstone (established upwards of
40 years), feel it necessary to announce that they have no connexion
whatever with the recent firm of John M'Dowall and Sons, engineers,
Dimity-street, Johnstone, whose sequestration appeared in the Edin¬
burgh Gazette of the 14th inst. They continue their business o
manufacturing every description of wood-cutting machinery, for which
they have been so long eminent. — Walkinshaw Foundry, Johnstone,
near Glasgow, 17th March, 1865.
ADVERTISEMENT to TANNERS.—Mr. De
CESARIS, of Turin, authorises me to make known to the
public in England interested in the art of converting animals
skins into good and durable leather for the different purposes of in¬
dustry, his most valuable INVENTION for the same, giving me faculty
also to treat with any one who may feel inclined to buy the invention
aforesaid.
Mr. de Cesaris, wishes me to point out in this advertisement the
following chief items of his invention:He declares that in the method
of his invention the application of heat and acids in general is excluded
That he reduces by it into tanno gelatin, or into leather well pre¬
pared, the hide of the largest vaccine animal in less than 80 days, every
operation comprised, if it is a question of dry, hairy hides; while, if
the hide is already softened, he employs about 20 days less, for the sim¬
ple reason that the time required for its softening, before the process
of unhairing is entered into, is spared. Also, that he guarantees an
increase of 40 per cent, in the weight of these hides, whether dry or
softened, from the raw state to that of leather. For instance—if two
hides of 501b, each (together 1001b.) are prepared by his method, in
the time stated they will give, undoubtedly, 1401b, of excellent leather
and well dried. That the labouring expenses and materials employed
to prepare it are always about 15 per cent. less when compared with
those which must be incurred by other methods. Hides of 20lb. to 24lb.
each he can perfectly prepare in about three weeks, while those weigh¬
ing from 31b, to 51b, each in the short time of 10 or 12 days, the time
for the processes of softening and unhairing excluded. That the wear¬
ing of the leather so prepared is always superior, compared with that
of the best kinds known. That he is inclined to gell his invention,
and in order to give an idea of the amount he asks, begs all interested
to notice these few words, which can be found in the "Manuel du
Tanneur," par M. Julia de Fontenelle, Paris, 1833, à la Librarie
Eneyclopédique de Rare, page 189:—
Tannage par la Pression, par F. Gibbon Spilburris. Ce
procedé à paru si avantageux aux Anglais qu'une compagnie en a
acheté le privilege, à P'auteur 15,000 livres sterling (environ 360,000f.),
et une pension viagere de 1,100 livres (environ 26,400f.). Ce procedé
quoique avantageux n'a pas cependant répondu complétement à co.
qu'on en avait d'abord attendu nous allons le decrire.
Malhcureusement, co procedé entraine beaucoup de rognures et,

And, to show that he knows the importance of what he wants me to
put before the public, and in guarantee of what he states and pro¬
mises, he engages himself to keep to the conditions here mentioned,

1. To pay even through deposit 25s. a day for all the time the expe¬
riments shall last, besides a fine of £200 if the facts should not answer
to his promises and to what he states.
2. If the invention should be purchased by a private individual, this
latter should not make it public without his consent.
3. If by any Government, the first stipulation shall be that it should
be made public immediately for the benefit of every one.
4. All expenses for experiments, &c., to be at his cost.
April 1, 1865, Brick-mill, Hey, Manchester. E. PANDIANI.
EASTER HOLYDAYS.—The SOUTH KEN¬
SINGTON MUSEUM will be OPEN FREE, from the 17th April
to the 22d April inclusive, from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. The animal pro¬
ducts collection, now temporarily placed in the arcades overlooking
the Royal Horticultural Gardens, will be open on Easter Monday
and Tuesday only. The only entrance to the arcades will be through
the gardens. By order of the Committee of Council on Education.
CUMBERLAND and WESTMORELAND
WRESTLING SOCIETY (und d i
inguished patronage).—The
ANNUAL SPORTS of this popular athletic society will be held



to al-hall, on Good Friday, when valuable silver cn

and money prizes exceeding in amount those of any former year, will be
aon
contended for.
Ao on, 1s. ; reseree.
ats, 2s. 6d. and 5s. Weig
which the sports will
ing at 1 p.m. , ant.
ommence immediately.
y order,R. MARGETS
NHonorary Secretary.
THE CUMBERLAND and WESTMORLAND
WRESTLING SOCIETY will hold their GRAND ANNUAL
GATHERING, THIS DAY, in the park attached to Ashburnham¬
hall, Cremorne when £200 will be distributed in money prizes and
silver cups. All the celebrated wrestlers in the north of England have
arrived to contend.
FRANK BELL, Chairman.
WM. ARMSTRONG, Hon. Sec.
MUGH SNOWIE, gunmaker, Inverness, begs to
intimate his intention of being in London on and after Monday
the 24th inst., for the purpose of LETTING HIGHLAND SHOOT
INGS, and will be happy to meet sportsmen, from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m., at
Mr. Callaghans, optician, 23a, New Bond-street, corner of Conduit-st.
NOTICE.—THOMAS TAPLING, BEALL, and
Co. (formerly Thomas Tapling and Co.), carpet warehousemen
&c., have REMOVED from 44a. Gresham-street and 74, Alderman¬
bury, to their restored premises, I to 8, Gresham-street west, city.
NOTICE—WALTER CARSON and SONS, of
9, Great Winchester-street, beg respectfully to notify that they
have REMOVED their principal OFFICE to their warehouse in La
Belle Sauvage-yard (37), Ludgate-hill, E.C., and have discontinued their
west-end office, 31, St. James's-street, S.W.—March 1, 1865.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—CHOCOLAT¬
MENIER.—The public are respectfully informed that the LON¬
DON BRANCH HOUSE is REMOVED from the temporary ad¬
dresses, 119, Chancery-lane, and 61, King's-cross-road, to 23, Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden, W. C., where all applications should be made.
IN consequence of the Jewish Holydays, E. MOSES
and SON's ESTABLISHMENTS will be CLOSED on MONDAY
and TUESDAY, the 17th and 18th inst., and re-opened on Wednes¬
day morning, the 19th inst., at 7 o'clock.—E. Moses and Son Minories
and Aldgate; New Oxford-street, corner of Hart-street; Tottenham.
court-road, corner of Euston-road; also, Bradford, Yorkshire.
AUDGATE-HILL RE-NUMBERED.—50 is the
number assigned by the Commissioners of Sewers to the ware¬
nouse of Messrs. SAMUEL, BROTHERS, merchant tailors, Ludgate
hill (one door from the Old Ball
HYDROPULT.—Caution. —Devices in imitation of
the HYDROPULT are often placed "on sale" at many iron
mongery and seed establishments throughout the city and provinces,
and are calculated in appearance to deceive the unsuspecting. The
proprietor therefore issues this caution, and respectfully intimates thats
parties wishing to purchase the hydropult should examine the machine
offered for sale, and see if it has attached thereto a label, with the fol¬
lowing words:—"The Hydropult, Vose's Patent, manufactured only
by Griffiths and Browett, Birmingham. Charles Pomeroy Button
proprietor, 142 and 143, Cheapside, London." Unless this label is
attached the machine is not the hydropult. Hydropults weigh but Sib.,
and will throw seven or eight gallons of water per minute a distance of
50 feet when worked by the power of one man. Hydropults will draw
water horizontally, if necessary, through 300 feet of suction hose, and
force it through delivery hose to an altitude of 100 feet. Hydropults
have been ordered by the War Department as fire engines. Robert
Hogg, LL.D. and F.L.S., Shirley Hibberd, Esq., F.R.H.S., Thomas
Rivers, Esq., and other well-known gentlemen recommend the hydro¬
pult as an invaluable garden implement. Hydropults have been
recommended by the Field, Gardeners' Chronicle, Journal of Horti
culture, Gardeners Magazine, Dally Telegraph, Liverpool Daily Post
Commercial Daily List, Birmingham Journal, Mechanies Magazine,
City Press, Insurance Gazette, and other first class journals. An illus¬
trated prospectus, with testimonials, free on application to CHARLES
POMEROY BUTTON 142 and 143, Cheapside, E.C
BRONZES.—A select variety of productions, pos
sessing great merit, at prices much below those generally asked
also an assortment of Timepieces, suitable for the dining room and

appropriate Candlesticks and Candelabra.—
ALFRED B. PEARCE, 39 (late 23), Ludgate-hill. Established 1760.
JONUMENTAL SCULPTURE.—The Carrare
Marble Works. Established 1820.—MONUMENTS, Tablets
Tombs, Memorial Crosses, and Headstones for cemeteries, &c., executed
in a superior style, at moderate charges. Export orders.—T. GAFFIN
No. 63,Quadrant, Regent-street, W. Manufactory, Westminster, S.W.
LONUMENTAL.—IMPERISHABLE INSCRIP
TIONS in SOLID LEAD as introduced from Italy, with unfail¬
ing success, by Mr.E. J. PHYSICK, sculptor, are only to be obtained at
The Monumental Works, 136, Marylebone-road, adjoining Baker-street,
London. Designs for memorial sculpture, monuments, tablets, &c.,
forwarded upon application, stating particulars, &c., to Mr. Physick.
MONOGRAMS.—ARMS, Crests, and Monograms
of Dukes, Marquises, and Earls. Monogram dies artistically
designed for note paper and envelopes. A pencil sketch of initi a eo
full Christian name, 1s. 6d.—KERBY
AOSnd ON, 190, Oxford-street
By appointment to H.R.H. the Prince of Wale
MONOGRAM, Crest, or Address stamped in colour
on paper and envelopes, without any charge for the die. A
ream of thick ivory note paper and 500 envelopes, stamped in four
different colours, for 21s. Artistic design in monogram sent for 1.
stamps.
rms and crests found, and emblasoned in gold and colours
—HENRY REED, stationer and heraldic engraver, 57, Oxford-street.
RODRIGUES' MONOGRAMS and HERALDIC
DEVICES, designed and engraved as gems of art; steel dies en¬
graved; note paper and envelopes stamped in colour relief, and illu¬
minated in the most elegant style; arms, crests, or monogram¬
engraved on seals or rings.—At Henry Rodrignes', 42, Figcadilly. W.
