CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand.—
The COMMITTEE thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT
 donation-box in front of the Hospital, of TWO FIVE¬
POUND NOTES, Nos. 82055 and 82056.
HENRY WOOLCOTT, Sec.

THE RED LETTER. —Should this MEET the EYE
of the WRITER of an ANONYMOUS MISSIVE, directed to
a lady of rank, in Berlin, posted in London the 20th of May he or she
is requested to FURNISH FURTHER PARTICULARS, and, if
possible, some proof of what is alleged by communicating either per¬
sonally or by letter with Mr. Pollaky, at 14, George-street, Mansion¬
house, who is instructed upon the subject.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—Absconded. —Whereas,
GEORGE TELFER, late agent at Chatham to Messrs. Pickford
and Co., has ABSCONDED, after embezzling the moneys of his em¬
ployers. The above reward will be paid by Mr. Beauchamp, solicitor.
No. 8. Dowgate-hill, E.C., to any person giving information which will
lead to the apprehension and conviction of the said George Telfer,
either to Messrs. Pickford and Co., Wood-street, Cheapside; to the
Chief of Police at Chatham; or to any other police station.
LOST, a large WHITE PERSIAN CAT, with a bushy
tail. Whoever will give information about it to No. 11, Inver¬
ness-road, Bayswater, shall be liberally REWARDED.
LOST, a BANK RECEIPT, No 1,775 for 3 G Ex¬
tension Shares (£60 paid), in the East Indian Railway Company.
the property of the executors of G. T. Whitgreave, Esq.
LOST, on the 14th inst., in the Regent-circus, Oxford¬
ford-street, a SKYE TERRIER BITCH: answers to the na me.
of "Fan." ONE POUND REWARD will be given on bringing her
to 52, Great Portland-street.
LOST, on Sunday afternoon, in Hyde-park, or
between the promenade there and Green-Street, a GOLD
BRACELET, with five balls attached, having a carbuncle in each.
Whoever bri
same to
. Green-street, Grosvenor-square, shall
receive THREE POUNDS REWARD.
TWO GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday,
24th inst.,
ayed from Park-crescent, Portland¬
AMALTESE TERRIER BITCH: answers to the name of "Wee
Wee " White, with brown ears. Whoever will bring the same to Mr.
Finch, 198, Marylebone-road, shall receive the above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Satur¬
day last, in or cloge to Leicester-square, a POCKET-BOOK
(black leather cover, elastic fastening), containing papers, cards o
owner's address, rough memoranda, &c. Apply to Mr. Osman, Duke's

TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on April 14,
at the corner of Norfolk-square, Paddington, a small, old BLACK
TERRIER BITCH, with tan feet, a spot over each eye and ears badly
cropped; had on a chain collar, with owner's name and address. Who¬
ever has found the same and will bring it to 21, Stanley-street, Pad¬
dington, shall receive the above reward. No further reward will be
offered.
STOLEN FOREIGN BILLS.—FIFTY POUNDS
REWARD.—STOLEN, from Messrs. Lecuyer and Co., bankers,
of Paris, TWO BILLS, for 20,000 francs and 15,000 francs, drawn by
Messrs. Servian and Co., of Paris, accepted by Messrs. Konings,
Gunther, and Co., of Antwerp. All persons are cautioned against
negotiating or discounting the said bills, and the above reward will be
paid on conviction of the thief and restitution of the bills. Address
Mr. M. Abrahams, solicitor, No. 17, Gresham-street, city.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—STOLEN, on Thurs¬
day, the 28th of May, from the private residence e,
teeman.
at Walthamstow, a small, very deeply-carved IVORY SNUFF-BOX,
with metal hinge; and a small Shell Snuff-box with heavy silver top,
on which fish, fish basket, and river are engraved; also a Pair of small,
old, upright China Flower Stands. The above reward will be paid on the
recovery of the property; and a further reward of £5 will be paid for
such information as leads to the conviction of the thief. Apply to Mr.
Crosswell, 63, St. Paul's churchyard.
BLACK RETRIEVER BITCH FOUND, May 26th.
The owner can have the same by applying at Potter's newspaper
office, 53, Piccadilly, and paying expenses.
DOG FOUND.—A LIVER-COLOURED SET¬
TER DOG FOUND, between the Shepherd's-bush-gate and
Notting-hill-gate on Saturday last, May 30. The owner can receive
the same on application at 22, Pembridge-gardens, by paying the ex¬
penses incurred.
THE REPRESENTATIVES of the late FRANCIS
MORTON, ES¬
Maida-hill west, will HEAR of SOME¬
THING to their ADVANTAGE by applying to the Portuguese Finan¬
cial Agency, Finsbury-chambers, London-wall.
PRITCHARD (ELIZABETH), deceased.—WANT¬
ED. NEPHEWS or NIECES of the above named ELIZABETH
PRITCHARD who died at Cheshunt, 24th December, 1821. Apply to
Mr. Paul, Old Nurseries, Cheshunt, Herts.
TO NEWS AGENTS and others.—An ADVER¬
TISEMENT appeared in The Times, about 1806 (or some paper
about that time), concerning the PROPERTY of SAMUEL WHITE¬
WOOD, High Easton Farm, Bristol, who died September 21, 1805. Any
person who can get that advertisement, and will communicate with
C. C., 17, Francis-street, Waterloo-road, shall receive £2 REWARD.
NEXT of KIN of THOMAS WEAR, deceased.—
Any person claiming to be the NEXT of KIN of THOMAS
WEAR, who was formerly in the Government Commissariat Depart¬
ment in India, is requested to COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Law¬
ford and Waterhouse, of Drapers'-hall, 28, Austinfriers, E.C., London,
Solicitors for the Administrator-General of Bengal, stating full par¬
ticulars of his relationship to the decease
NATHAN NORTON LOWENTHAL, of Lons¬
dale-house Brighto
will henceforth TAKE the NAME
NORTON NATHAN LOWENTHAL LONSDALE; and my children,
viz.: Albert Lonsdale Lowenthal, Horace Lonsdale Lowenthal, and
Dora Louisa Lowenthal, shall henceforth be called Albert Lowenthal
Lonsdale, Horace Lowenthal Lonsdale, and Dora Louisa Lonsdale.—
—May 16, 1863.
N. LOWENTHAL.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £28 6s. 2d. Consolidated
Three per Cont. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of the
Right Hon. GEORGE, Lord CALTHORPE, deceased, and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the dividends
thereon not having been received since the 5th January, 1828;—Notice
is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to
the Right Hon. Frederick, Lord Calthorpe, the administrator, who has
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
R. K. JOYCE PERCIVAL or Mr. KIRWAN
JOYCE, passenger per City of Paris, from Calcutta.—If the
LUGGAGE, &c., belonging to you is NOT CLAIMED within 14 days
it will be SOLD to defray expenses. Apply to Captain Robertson,
Messrs. George Smith and Sons', 208, Argyle-street, Glasgow.
CAUTION.—59th Geo. III., cap. 7, sec. 8, intituled
"An Act to regulate the Cutlery Trade in England, provides that
any offender against this Act may be committed to prison by two
justices of the peace for three calendar months." The undersigned
have reason to believe that their corporate trade mark, "The Sun," is
extensively forged on swords, cutlery, and tools, which are exported to
South America; and they give notice that they will PROSECUTE all
persons manufacturing or selling goods fraudulently stamped with
"The Sun,"
(Signed),
AMAPPIN, BROTHERS.
Nos. 67 and 68, King William-street, London, May 8, 1863
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—Seaford, Sussex.
—The WALL FIELD ESTATE.—In the matter of the Act of
25th and 25th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the appli¬
cation of James Holland, of No. 2, Hyde-park-terrace, in the county of
Middlesex, Esq., the Registrar of the office of Land Registry intends, at
the expiration of three calendar months from the date hereof to RE¬
GISTER, with an indefasible title, all those HEREDITAMENTS, con¬
sisting of two pieces of land, called or known respectively as Guard's Wall
Field and Little Guard's Wall Field, lying in the Common Laines near
the town of Seaford, in the parish of Seaford, in the county of Sussex,
with the buildings thereon, containing by admeasurement 3a. 3r. 34p.,
or thereabouts, and numbered on the tithe map of the said parish 60
and 61, and which two pieces of land were formerly in one plece, and
were for many years called or known by the name of the Wall Field
and which said hereditaments are now in the occupation of Thomas
Woodhams, and are bounded on or towards the north by the road
leading to Eastbourne, on or towards the east by lands belonging to and
in the occupation of James Chambers, on or towards the Southby lands
belonging to the trustees of Fitsgerald's Charity, and in the ocupa¬
tion of Edgar Hilder, and on or towards the west by East-street, and are
delineated in the map, No. 111, deposited by the said James Holland
in the office of Land Registry, as part of the description of the same
hereditaments, and therein edged round with red, and numbered 60
and 61, together with the mines and minerals under the same heredita¬
ments. If any person objects to, or desires to show cause against such re¬
gistration, or claims that the same should be subject to any conditions
or reservations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge
or liability, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar,
should be entered on the register with reference to such hereditaments,
such person may be heard at the office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lin¬
coln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three
calendar months from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or
counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection or to
show cause against, or to make such claim in respect of such regis¬
tration. But any person desiring to make such objection or claim
must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and
with his name and address thereto, in the office of Land Registry,
before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the
date hereof, etherwise he will be excluded from making the same.
The said map of the said hereditaments deposited in the office of
Land Registry may be inspected at the said office at any time before
the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof.
—Dated this 2d day of June, 1863.
O. D. MORDANUT, Chief Clerk.
LANGFORD and MARSDEN, 59, Friday-street, Cheap¬
ad  e, London, Solicitors to the Applicant.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—STRATHE¬
DEN-HOUSE and KENT-HOUSE, Knightsbridge, in the
county of Middlesex.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th
Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the application of
George Duddell, of the Island of Hongkong, and now residing at
No. 8, St. George's-place, Hyde-park-corner, in the county of Middle¬
sex, Esquire, the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry intends, at
the expiration of three calendar months from the date hereof to
REGISTER with an indefeasible title all those HEREDITAMENTS
known as Stratheden-house and Kent-house respectively, with the
gardens, coach-houses, stables, stable-yard, outbuildings, and pleasure
ground thereunto respectively belonging, situate in the parish of St.
Margaret, Westminster, in the county of Middlesex, in the tenure or
occupation of Lord Stratheden, the representative of Sir George Corne¬
wall Lewis, Baronet, deceased, and Sir John Ogilvy, Baronet, respec¬
tively bounded on or towards the north as to part by the high road lead¬
ing from London to Kensington, as to the remainder by the part of the
carriage road running out of the said high road which runs up to the
stable-yard at the rear of Stratheden-house, on or towards the east as
to part by the aforesaid carriage road leading from the said high road,
and as to the remainder by hereditaments belonging to and in the oc¬
cupation of Sir Anthony Conyngham Sterling, on or towards the south
as to part by the aforesaid carriage road leading to the said stable¬
yard, and as to the remainder by the gardens of messuages and
hereditaments belonging to Mr. T. W. M. Marriott and others,
and forming parts of the hereditaments known as Montpelier¬
square, and on or towards the west by messuages and hereditaments
belonging to John Manners and others, and forming parts of the
hereditaments, known as Rutland-gate ; and all which said here¬
ditaments, to be registered as aforesaid, are delineated on the map
No. 5, deposited by the said George Duddell in the Office of Land
Registry as part of the description of the same, and therein edged
with red, together with the mines and minerals under the said heredita¬
ments. If any person objects to or desires to show cause against such re¬
gistration, or claims that the same should be subject to any conditions or
reservations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or
liability, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be
entered on the register with reference to such hereditaments, such
person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's¬
inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel,
or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause
against, or to make such claim in respect of such registration; but
any person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the
same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and
address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry before the expiration of
the said three calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise he will
be excluded from making the same. The said map of the said heredi¬
taments deposited in the Office of Land Registry may be inspected
at the said office at any time before the expiration of the suid three
calendar months from the date hereof. —Dated this 2d day of June,
1863.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
BROOKS and DU BOIS, Solicitors for the Applicant, 7, Godli¬
man-street, Doctors'-common
ROYAL BOTANIC SOCIETY, Regent's-park.—
To-morrow.—The SECOND EXHIBITION of PLANTS,
lowers, and Fruit will take place To-morrow (Wednesday), June 3.
Tickets can be had at the Gardens by orders from Fellows of the
Society, price e
5s, to-morrow 7s. 6d. each. The gates open at 2
o'clock. Three Military Bands will attend.
RGYLL ROOMS.—JULLIEN's PROMENADE
CONCERTS.—Notice.—During the week the selections will be
Il Trovatore, Les Huguenots, La Forza del Destino, &c. At 11 o'clock,
Jullien's grand descriptive galop, the Derby, to be dedicated to the
owner of the winning horse. Levy, the great wonder, on the cornet-à¬

NATIONAL ASSEMBLY ROOMS, High Holborn.
—This noble BALL ROOM, with its elegant suite of reading,
smoking, and refreshment saloons, is open to the public every evening
at half-past 8. The numerous and efficient Band, under the able direc¬
tion of Mr. W. M. Packer, plays nightly a varied selection of the best
and choicest classical, operatic, and dance music. Admission, 1s.
CALDWELL's ASSEMBLY ROOMS.—By parti¬
ticular desire, an EXTRA BAL MASQUE will take place on
Wednesday, June 3 1863. Two full bands are engaged. Gentlemen's
tickets, 5s.; ladies 3s. —Dean-Street, Soho.
NOTICE.—Messrs. SMITH, BECK, and BECK
have REMOVED from 6, Coleman-street, to 31, Cornhill, E.C.
