H—I.—I promise. The 3d or 10th of
March. One there now.—C., Feb. 3, 1862.
L.—The promises asked for are given. Constance
e
18 invited to call, at 24, at 10 a.m.
EAR C—.You are implored to RETURN at
once to your sorrowing tamily. If not, their ruin and dispersion
are inevitable. Your poor mother is dying.
LOST, a MOURNING RING, with black agate
signet stone—name and date engraved inside. Whoever will take
the same to Mr. T. Waller, 9, Lilypot-lane, Noble-street, city, shall
receive FIFTEEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, about 10 p.m. on Monday, February 3, 1862.
near St. Mary's-cross, Lambeth-road, a GRAY ISLE of SKYE
TERRIER DOG: answers to the name of "Lion." Whoever will
bring the same to 27, Webb's County-terrace, New Kent-road, shall be
handsomely REWARDED
LOST, on Friday evening last, a small BROWN
PAPER PARCEL, tied with red tape, containing papers and
documents of no value except to the owner, supposed to have been
left at dining rooms in the Strand or in a Hansom cab. Whoever re¬
turns the same to the Castle and Falcon Hotel, Aldersgate-street, shall
be liberally REWARDED.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday,
the 3d of February, a BLACK RETRIEVER DOG. Name and
address of owner on collar. Whoever will bring him to 39, Lowndes¬
street, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LEFT, in a cab, last
Saturday night, a DOUBLE OPERA-GLASS, tortoiseshell and
blue enamel. Whoever will bring the same to the Porter, at the
Oxford and Cambridge Club, Pall-mall, shall receive the above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on the 29th
of January, TWO small BUNCHES of KEYS (one containing
about seven, the other only two), in a Chelsea or a Notting hill om
nibus, between 6 and 9 o'clock p.m. Apply at Mrs. Calf's, post-office,
No. 116, Edgware-road. W.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday,
3d February, between Leinster-gardens and Leinster-square,
Bayswater, or in a cab, between Charies-street, Berkeley-square, and
the same neighbourhood, a short GOLD CHAIN, with two seals en¬
graved with Persian characters, and watch key and Bramah key. To
be brought to 22, Charles-street, Berkeley-square.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Saturday
afternoon, Feb. 1, either on Brixton-hill or Lower Tulse-hill,
in Effra-road, or Water-lane, Brixton, a LADY's GOLD WATCH,
by Leroy, of Paris, with enamelied back and small chain, with a gold
locket and several charms attached. Apply at the Station-house,
Brixton, or to Mr. Edwards, china shop, Brixton-hill.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, at the Crystal
Palace, Monday, Feb. 3, a small LEATHER RETICULE
PURSE, containing £85 in £5 notes and £4 12s. in gold, &c. The
numbers of the notes are known and payment stopped. Whoever he
found the same and will bring to, or communicate with, Mr. Northcote,
at Mr. James Nash's, 20, New City-chambers, Bishopsgate-street within,
suall receive the above reward.
THIRTY POUNDS REWARD.—STOLEN, on the
evening of the 30th January, 1862, from the counting-house of a
wholesale warehouse in the city, a CASH BOX, containing about £30
in gold, anumber of bills (unnegotiable), and some policies, papers, go.
A reward of £20 will be paid on recovery of the property, and a further
reward of £10 for information leading to the apprehension and con¬
viction of the thief or thieves, on application to Inspector Knight,
Moor-lane Police Station; or to Alfred Jones, Esq., solicitor, 15, Sise¬
lane, Bucklersbury, city.
FOUND, a £10 BANK of ENGLAND NOTE, in
the Edgware-road on the 26th of October. Apply by letter only,
stating number and aan particulars, addressed C. H., care of Mr.
Hume, baker, Bishon's-road, Paddington.
FOUND, on Monday, January 6, a BLACK RE¬
TRIEVER DOG—four white feet, white breast, leather collar. In
charge of George Leach, 13, Grosvenor-street west, Eaton-square, S.W.
If no owner within a week it will be SOLD.
THOMAS JAMES DURKAN, JAMES FELTON
COOKE, and WILLIAM HOWARD, all-formerly residing in
Golden-square, London (office of Messrs. Howard and Gibbs), for whose
lives, and the life of survivor of them, an annuity or rent charge of
£556 per annum was granted by deed dated 19th September, 1814, made
between Edwd. Birmingham, of Dalgin, county of Galway, &c., and
other parties.—If any of the above parties, or their friends, will kinnly
notify their existence, or otherwise, addressed to C. W., Esq., Oriental
Club, Hanover-square, it will be most thankfully received and acknow¬
ledged.
NOTICE. —To Mr. JOHN JONES, otherwise called
Mr. John S. Jones Gardener, formerly of Denbigh, and afterwards
supposed to be residing at Whilmington, Delaware State, America, the
son of the late Mr. John Jones, of Vale-street, Denbigh, in the county
of Denbigh, gardener and seedsman, who was better known as the
occupier of the Big Garden in Denbigh.—This is to give you notice,
that your sister, Anne Jones, of Vale-street, in the town and parish of
Denbigh, county of Denbigh, spinster, departed this life on the 5th day
of January instant, having first duly made and executed her last will
and testament in writing, whereby she appointed Evan Plerce, Salis¬
bury-place, Denbigh aforesaid, doctor of medicine, and William Party
of Denbigh aforesaid, druggist, trustees and executors of the said will,
and directed her real and personal estate to be sold and converted into
money, and thereout to pay just debts, funeral and testamentary ex¬
penses, and certain legacies therein mentioned, and the rest and residue
she directed to be paid to you, in case you should be alive, and should
come to Denbigh within six months after her decease, and in the
meantime make yourself known to them, or either of them, the said
Evan Pierce and William Parry, or the survivor of them, their heirs,
executors, or administrators; but in case you, the said John Jones,
should not make your appearance unto them, the said Evan Pierce and
William Parry, or either of them, their or either of their heirs, execu¬
tors, or administrators, within the said period of 6months after the decease
of the said Anne Jones, then the said residuary bequest in your favour
was thereby revoked, and the same to be paid to such persons as in the
said will is mentioned. You, the said John Jones, are hereby re¬
quired to conform to the directions contained in the said will, other¬
wise you will be debarred from participating in the said residuary be¬
quest. —Dated the 16th day of January, 1863
EVAN PIERCE,
Trustees and Executors under the said.
WILLIAM PARRY,
Will of the said Anne Jones.
Witness—Martin Smith, Park-street, Denbigh
NOTICE.—If the PROPERTY, left at Mrs. Jane
Chandler's, North-street, Midhurst, belonging to Charles Bulard,
is not CLAIMED, within 14 days, will be SOLD, to defray expenses.
Midhurst, Jan. 30, 1862.
DOVER CASTLE HOTEL, Dover.—Notice is
hereby given, that all the ARTICLES LEFT, by sundry persons,
at the Dover Castle Hotel, Dover, between 1853 and 1861, if not claimed
before the 1st March next, they will be SOLD to defray expenses—
4th February, 1862.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £765 0s. 11d. Consoli¬
dated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
ARCHIBALD WALKER and PETER GARDNER, both of Bishops¬
gate-street within, gentlemen, and which was transferred to the
said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon not
having been received since the 5th of January, 1852;—Notice is hereby
given that, on the expiration of three months from this date the
said Stock will be transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to
the said Archibald Walker and Peter Gardner, who have claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his
claim thereto.
NOTICE is hereby given, that John Graham, of
Berners-street, Oxford-street, in the county of Middlesex, and
Samuel Lahee, of Bond-street, in the same county, asssignees of letters
patent for an invention of "Improvements in apparatus and machinery
for giving shape and configuration to plastic substances," granted to
CHARLES HANCOCK on the 29th day of July, 1848, intend to apply
by petition, under the 4th section of the statute 5th and 6th William
the 4th, chap. 83, to Her Majesty in Council for a PROLONGATION
of the TERM of SOLE USING and VENDING the said INVEN¬
TION granted by the said letters patent; and notice is hereby further
given, that the said John Graham and Samuel Lahee intend to apply
by counsel to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council on the 17th
day of March next, or if the said Judicial Committee shall not sit on
that day at the then next sitting of the said Judicial Committee, for a
time to be fixed for hearing the matter of theireaid petition, and that
on or before the said 17th day of March next notice must be given of
any opposition intended to be made to the said petition, and any per¬
son intending to oppose the said application must lodge a caveat to that
effect at the Council office on or before that day.—Dated this 1st day of

BEVAN and WHITTING, 6, Old Jewry, London, Solicitors to
the above named John Graham and Samuel Lahce.
WOLUNTEER GUARDS.—Uniform, Scarlet.—The
Hon. T. C. BRUCE, Commandant.—Arrangements have been
made for forming TWO ADDITIONAL COMPANIES in this Corps
of a standard of 5 ft. 10 in, and upwards. Gentlemen of the requisite
height are invited to enrol as early as possible. Apply by letter to the
Hon. Secretary, Head-quarters, Carlton-ride, or personally at same
place, on Wednesdays, from 7 to 9 p.m.
THE HARTLEY COLLIERY ACCIDENT.—On
Tuesday evening, the 18th inst., a LECTURE on "John Milton,"
with Recitations from "Paradise Lost," "Comus," &c., will be di
livered at the Vestry-hall, Chelsea, by Mr. GEORGE RADER¬
MACHER, the profits of which will be forwarded for the RELIEF
of the WIDOWS and CHILDREN bereaved by the late melancho
accident. The Chair will be taken by Lieutenant-Colonel BROWN¬
LOW KNOX, M.P., at 8 o'clock precisely. Doors open at half-past 7.
Carriages to be ordered at a quarter to 10. Tikets for numbered stalls,
5s. ; reserved seats, 3s. ; central seats, 2s.; area and balcony, 1s.; to
be had at Westerton's library, St. George's-place, Hyde-park-corner:
Stanesby and Co., 179, Sionne-street; Fase's library, Kensington; and
Vestry-hall, King's-road, Chelsea.
BARNSBURY LITERARY INSTITUTE.—Lec¬
tures or Musical Entertainments every Friday evening.—The
FIRST LECTURE of the new quarter will be delivered by WASH¬
INGTON WILKS, Esq., subject "The Life and Genius of Lord
Macanlay," at Myddelton-hall, Upper-street, Islington, on Friday, Feb. 7,
at 8.15 precisely. Reserved seats, 1s.; area, 6d. Tickets of the hall-keeper.
Quarterly List of Lectures, &c., gratis. Quarterly subscription, gen¬
tlemen, 2s. 6d. ; ladies, 1s. 6d. The Barnsbury Debating Society every
Saturday evening at 8.
THE INTERNATIONAL SUPPLEMENTARY
EXHIBITION of 1862.—Although the Great Exhibition Build¬
ing, now in course of erection, covers nearly 25 acres of ground,
yet there remains a very large number of intending exhibitors wo
hav been necessarily excluded by the want of space. This has caused
great disappointment, both at home and abroad, to many who had
made preparations for the exposition of their productions.
.To meet this want, and at the same time to give facilities for the sale
of the goods which will be collected from all parts of the world, a
Company has been formed, the capital of which is subscribed, for the
purpose of erecting on a spot closely contiguous to the Great Exhibi¬
tion Building an ornamental structure, designed by Sir Joseph Paxton,
where the exhibitors will have the advantage of a building in every
respect applicable for a favourable display of their goods, and with the
privilege of selling the same to the vast concourse of visitors who will
inevitably be attracted to London during the present year.
The building will be called THE INTERNATIONAL SUPPLE
MENTARY EXHIBITION, and will cover about three acres of
ground. The whole of the space for exhibition will be upon the ground
floor, and upon the walls, there being no galleries, and such is the per¬
fection of the design, that all parts will be equally well lighted.
A provisional contract has been entered into with an eminent con¬
tractor for the erection of the building, which is to be completed, un¬
der a heavy penalty, on or before the 15th day of May next. The
charges will be—
For floor space..	...	12s. per square foot.
For wall space 0
Persons desirous of obtaining space must apply to the offices of the
Company, having previously paid to the credit of the trustees at the
City Bank, Threadneedle-street, or at the Agra Bank, 27, Cannon¬
street, the amount payable upon the space applied for, which will be
allotted according to the priority of application.

Sir Robert Walter Carden, Alderman, Chairman of the City Bank.
Mr. Alderman Finnis, Director of the Agra Bank.
William Jackson, Esq., M.P.
If from any cause the building should not be completed, or if the
space applied for should not be allotted, the amount of the deposit¬
money will be returned in full.
Further particulars may be obtained at the temporary offices of the
Company, 42, New Bridge-street, Blackfriars, corner of Ludgate-hill.
THE INTERNATIONAL SUPPLEMENTARY
EXHIBITION.—No APPLICATION for SPACE in this
building can be entertained after Saturday, the 15th February inst

INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION, 1862.—
SAMUEL WORSSAM and Co., engineers, 304, King's-road, Chel¬
sea, beg to inform exhibitors that their works, being situate within
half-amile of the Exhibition build.
they are in a good position to
take CHARGE of and FIX MACHINERY there.
JOHN BULL.—Now ready, this new and highly in¬
of teresting round game, for old or young, JOHN BULL, Illus
trated with 64 original and humorous designs, on cards, by R. R.
SCANLAN. Price, in box, with counters, plain, 7s. 6d. ; coloured,
10s. 6d. Published by Edward Charles Spurin, at his repository for
newest and best foreign and English toys, games, &c., 37, New Bond¬
street, London.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE: established 1852,
at 20, Devereux-court, Temple, under the direction of CHARLES
FREDERICK FIELD, late Chief Inspector of the Detective Police
of the Metropolis. Confidential inquiries made for noblemen, gentle¬
me.

tailway and insurance companies; evidence collected

PRIVATE CONTINENTAL INQUIRY OFFICE.
—Mr. POLLAKY, formerly superintendent of the foreign depart¬
ment in Mr. Field's office, and who has been entrusted during the last
12 years with the most delicate and confidential inquiries in this coun¬
try and abroad, has OPENED the above ESTABLISHMENT with a
view of protecting the interests of the British public in its social, legal,
and commercial relations with foreigners. Inquiries of every descrip
tion, which do not come within the province of the regular police autho¬
rities can be made through this office on any part of the continent.
Offices at 14, George-street, Mansion-house, E.C.
