. G. W.—All things will be arranged. Write to
Bridgwater. —W. W.
FRED, who left his home on Wednesday evening.—

LEAP-YEAR, un Ami.—I long to see you.—Ap¬
polut an interview, or send your address.—RICHMOND
LOST, BANK of ENGLAND NOTE for £50.
Supposed to have been dropped at Newcastle on the 4th inst.
he number is known, and notice given to the Bank. FIVE POUNDS
REWARD is offered. Address D. K., 39, Royal Exchange.
LOST, on the 12th inst., in the city, a MARINE
POLICY of INSURANCE for £1,750. It contaius name and
address of owners, to whom alone it is of value. Any person dediver¬

LOST, on Thursday or Friday last, a FIVE-POUND

t 6. O dBond¬
in gold, wrapped up in it. Whoever will


LOST, on Thursday, between the Hampatead -road
Railway Station and Montem Villas, a PURSE, containing a £5
Bank of England note, with some memcranda. Number of note, pay¬

will be given on its being restored to 4, Lambton-terrace, Westbourne¬

ndn
te e 9th inst., a
oe 
LOST
te nn
iature
BROOCH, having on one side a port
LAD.

esse
a e entee
W es.
t Re¬
Nor eod of A
tibus, or in th e n i hn
Westminater o
seessmertt

ONE POUND REWARD
teret e

on the evening of Tuesday, the
CAUTION.—LOST

bill of exchange for £61 18s. 4d., dated Jan. 10, at four months' date,
drawn by J. Whittaker, Leigh, Lancashire, and accupted by Burgess
to th e aceptors or drawer
and Key. Whoever w.


dorsed is of no value.
LEYS LOST, on Wednesday, the 11th inst., be¬
tween Now Bond-street and the city. Whoever will bring them
Neeley's, stationer, 1, St. Swithin's¬

lane, city, shall receive FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 10th

cester-square, via Gower-strest. To be delivered at the bar of the

BANK of ENGLAND NOTES LOST:; No. 46123,

 18, 1859, for £5. Payment
stopped. THREE POUNDS REWARD will be paid on returning
them to F. C. Morris, 3, Cloudesley-street, Islington.
ONE GUINEA REWARD.—LOST, on Monday,
January 9, about 12 o'clock, from 14, Great Stanhope-street,
Mayfair, a cross-bred SLATE-COLOURED GRAYHOUND, of large
lige with curly tail and white breast. Answers to the name of
"Wonder." It resembles a deerhound. Whoever will bring the same
to the above address shall receive the reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, by a servant,
on Wednesday, the 11th inst., between 4 and 5 o'clock in the
afternoon, in or near Alfred-street, River-terrace, Islington, a FIVE¬
POUND BANK of ENGLAND NOTE No. E.N 64770, 18th Ne..,
1859. Whoever has found the same and will bring it to Messrs. K. J.
Ford and Son, booksellers, 179, Upper-street. Islington, suall receive
the above reward. Payment stopped at the Bank.
OPERA GLASS LOST.—ONE POUND RE¬
WARD.—LOST, on Tuesday evening last (supposed to have been
between the Princess's Theatre and the Westminster Club, Albemarle¬
street), a small BLACK-MOUNTED DOUBLE OPERA GLASS, by
Voigtifnder, Vienna, with the following inscription engraved on the
draws, "Callaghan, sule agent by appointment, 23 a, New Bond-street,
cerner of Conduit-Street, London." Whoever will bring the same to
the Porter, at the Westminster Club. Albemarle-street, shall receive
the above reward.
GOLD HUNTING WATCH. —LOST or STOLEN,
a PARCEL, booked at the Golden Cross, Charing-cross, on the
20th of October, addressed "J. Silrani, 1t, King's-road, Brighton,"
containing a gold hanting watch, enamerled on both sides—one side a
crest of two shields, and on the other side initials "C. T." interwoven.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD will be given on resteration of the pro¬
perty, if found; or for sach information as shall lead to the conviction
of the offender, if stolen. Information to be sent to Mr. George
Hawkins. Railway Terminus, Brighton.
FOUND, on the 3d instant, in the Strand, a PURSE,
containing money. Apply by letter, givins description of purse
and contents, to J. F., post office, Broadway, Hammersmith.
FOUND, by the ostler, at the Ram Commercial
Hotel, Southgate-street, Glocester, a CUT DIAMOND, valued at
£6, apparently escaped from a ring or pin. The same will be handed
over to the owner if claimed within 14 days, on a proper identification
being made and all expenses paid. If not claimed within the period
stated, it will be given up to the ostler, who claims to appropriate the
same. Inquire of Mr. Wm. Nunn, the proprietor, Ram Hotel, Gloces¬
ter. — Jan. 11, 1860.
MISSING FRIENDS in AUSTRALIA.—Persons
wishing to communicate with their friends in the colonies by
advertirement should apply to Mr. F. ALGAR, 11, Clement's-lane,
Lombard-street, E.C.
Party named JULIUS CEASAR having been
lately advertised for, any INFORMATION respecting him can
be obtained from his sister.—E. B., Mrs. Mitchell's, 6, Fig-tree-court,
Temple
HOPE PLUNKETT (son of William Plunkett,
formerly of the Temple, and of Melbury-terrace, Dorset-square,
Barrister-et-Law), or, in dead, his Representative, is requested to
COMMUNICATE with the undersigned respecting a legacy bequeathed

ope Plunkett.
MATTHEWS, SON, and STOTON, Sohcitors, 2, Arthur-street

BROCLAMA.—JOSEPH OBERFELD, born at
Choynica, in the vicinity of the city of Posen, in Polish Prussia,
who left his home in the year 1847, for London, and was last heard of
by letter, written by him from Mauritius on the 23d of January, 1849.
At the suit of his father, Mr. Dionysius Oberfeld, residing in Posen,
the aod Joseph Oberfeld, or his heirs, are hereby summoned to
APPEAR in person before, or Communicate in writing with, the
Councillor Pilaski. Deputy of the undersigned District Court, on or
before the 17th of July, 1860, at 10 o'clock a.m. at latest. If no infor¬
mation respecting the said Joseph Oberfeld be obtained within that
peried be will be declared dead, and his inheritance made over to his
lawful beirs.
His Prussian Majesty's District Court, Posen, Ang. 5. 1859.
DUEEN's and LORD TREASURER's REMEM¬
BRANCER's OFFICE, Exshequer Chambers, Edinburgh, 11th
January, 1860.—Notice is hereby given, that WILSON PELHAM
otherwise PENEAUD, late of No. 6, New-street, Larkhall-lane, Clap¬
ham, in the county of Surrey, now of No. 18, Cavendish-grove, Wands¬
worth-road, Vauxhall, in the same county, has APPLIED to the
Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for a GIFT of the
ESTATES CfHARRIET ELEANOR PELHAM or PENEAUD, some¬
time residing at Chelsea, in the county of Middlesex, deceased, and of
Brent Spencer or Pelbam or Peneand, a lupatic, sometime residing at
Munster House, Fulbam, in the same county, also deceased, which

er Majesty as ultima haeres.
STEELE and CONSTABLE, 44, Bloomsbury-square, London, W.C.
anuary 12, 1860.
GUNMAKERS' COMPANY.—CAUTION.—
Whereas, it has been represented to the Master, Wardens, and
Assistants of the Gunmakers' Com; any that on the occurrence of an
accident at Kilburn a scort time since, by the bursting of a rifle in the
hands of a member of the Victoria Brigade, it was found that the
barrel of such rifle had never been duly proved; and whereas the
Master and Wardens, together with their Proof-master, heving in¬
spected the fragments of the burst rifle, find such representation to
be correct, and that the rifle in question has been manufactured and
sold without the barrel having been submitted to the test requisite to
suarantce its safety, and contrary to the provisions of the Gun-barrel
Act, 1855, which enacts that no barrel shall be ued in the making of
any small arm, nor shall a small arm be sold or kept for sale unless the
barrel or barrels thereof have been duly proved at the Proof-house of
the Gunmakers' Company, the Girmingham proof-house, or some
other public proof house, established by law, and duly marked as
proved; and inasmuch as the master and wardens have reason to
believe that many rifles are now in the possession of members of the
different brigades the barrels of which have not been duly proved,
whereby the safety of the public as well as of individuas is manifestly
endangered; all Commanding Officers of Rifle Brigades throughout Eng¬
land, as also the respective members thereof, and the public generally,
are hereby warned of the abovementioned occurrence, and cautioned
against the purchase or use of riflel and other arms without being
quite satisfied that the barrels of such arm, have been duly proved and
marked as proved according to the said act of Parliament.
By order of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Gunmakers'
Company.
GEO. RUTHERFORD, Clerk.
January 5, 1860.
HART's PATENT ECONOMIZING GAS
BURNERS.—CAUTION.—Whereas Letters Patent, dated the
29th day of January, 1858, were granted to Herbert William Hart, of
69, Fleet-street, London, and Birmingham, in the county of Warwick
gas engineer, for "In provements in regulating the Pressure of Gas
and it having recently come to the knowledge of the said Herbert Wil¬
liam Hart that there are many spurious imitations of his gas burners
offered for sale by various persons which are either infringements
upon his patent, or attempts to evade the same, and are not of the
same durability or ure as those manufactured by the original patentee,
the public is hereby cautioned in purchasing gas burners to observe that
all burners manufactured by the patentee are marked with his trade
mark (the initiais "H. W. H.," surmounted by a crown), without
which none are genuine ; and notice is hereby given, that proceedings
will be taken agamst all persons who shall make use of or sell any gas
burners which m ay be an INFRINGEMENT of the said PATEN¬
TEE's RIGHTS; and the patentee will feel obliged by persons im¬
posed upon by reason of such spurious imitations communicating with
him at his establishment, 69, Flest-street London where the patent
burners can be obtained, at 1s. 6d. each, and the highest testimonials
as to the efficiency of the burner may be inspected.
REECE. WILKINS, and BLYTH, 10, St. Swithin's-lane,
city, Agents for W. H. Reece, Birmingham, Sclicitor for
the Patentee.
NATURAL HISTORY.—United Service Institu¬
tion, Whitehall-yard, S.W.—The Council having been authorized,
at a General Meeting of the Members, to dispose of the spectmens of
natural history in the Museum hereby give notice, that the COLLEC¬
TION will be OPEN for INSPECTION daily from 11 to 4 (on applica¬
tion to the Secretary), from January 3d to 31st, 1860. Offers for the col¬
lection as a whole, or in groups, will be received by the Secretary. The
collection consists of stuffed birds, skins of birds, horns of animals,
skulls of ammals, reptiles, fishes, specimens illustrating ethnology,
botanical specimens, shells, crustaceaus, echinoderms, corals, inrects,
miscellancous specimens. By order of the Council
Dec. 29, 1859.
B. BURGESS, Captain, Sec.
—
TO SCULPTORS.—The Council of the Art-Union
ondon offer  PREMIUM of 70 guineas for a GROUP or
STATUETTE, to be subsequently crecated in bronze or Parian, re¬
prerenting some subject from English history. 30 guineas will be
awarded to the work which may be selected as second in merit. The
premiums are to be competed for by finished models in plaster; the
height of the figure when erect to be 20 inches.
The models are to be sent in to the office of the Society on or before
the 14th of July next, each accompanied by a seated letter, containing
the sculptor's name, and they will be publicly exhibited. The selected
models, with copyright, will become the property of the Art-Union of

The Council reserve to themselves the right of withholding either or
both of the premiums if works of adequate merit be not submitted.
GEORGE GODWIN, Hon.
LEWIS POCOCK, Secs.
No. 444, West Strand, Jan. 10, 1860.
BRITISH AUXILIARY LEGION of SPAIN.—
The PENSIONS for the quarter ending the 31at March next will
te PAID on the 14th inst., to the non-commissiones officers and pri¬
vates residing in London; and to the widows, officers, and the non¬
commissioned officers and privates out of London, on and after the
15th, from 10 to 2 o'clock. — London, January
,8d
THE ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS, in the E
gent's¬
NDAILY, except on S
park, are o e¬
aoa na ye Admission, 1s.;
on Moneay.
Among the recent additions to the menagerie are at
Flang, or Wild Horse of Thibet, exhibited for the first time, and a Pair
of Young Lions from Natal. An official Guide
ok is sold in the
Gardens, price 6d.
EVENING PARTIES.—Mr. HENRY NOVRA's
spirited MAGICAL ENTERTAINMENT, for Christmas and
juvenile parties in town and country; combining legerdemain with
his extensive collection of mechanical tricks.—Magical repotitory,
No. 95, Regent-street, W. N.B. No engagements accepted for Friday
evenings.
EVENINC PARTIES.—Novelties in Mage and
Mystery.—Two houre of Ilision, Ventril¬
m.  ntoceint,
and Dissolving Views may be secured at Mr. W. CREMER. Jun.'s
magical depot. 10, Bridge-street, Wertminster. N.B. The artists bring
of gond position, and engaged exclusively for this establishment, a su¬
perier enfertainment is guaranteed.
ENGLISH, French, and German TOYS.—Fancy
Articles and Christmas Presents.—The COUNTERHOLDERS
have s very large and varied STOCK, at the Baker-street 
NEWART UNION.—Lin
ted to 5,000 Subscribers.
To.
a subscription of one

given a set of SEVEN
of the finest large LINE ENGRAVING S 

tt e pro im¬
pressions of which werene
theise e t un
toe re o en.

undying interes t o.

leseven given for the guinea
of more value than the singl
mbscription

lally
een ty
Art Unions for the came sum.
The p t e 
lee eestrore.
oon
sets are abeo.
te te e
te th e t o.
te e
on
thold a propertn neo.
at leas 103. 6d. an impresion,
6313. 6d., for.
the set of teven and a s o m ore op.
can be preduced, it may be relled
upon that, before long, the set will be werth £7 7s., or more. Upon.
application a set of the engravings will be sent for inspection any¬
where in Londen.
Specimens may be seen, and prospectusen obtainedl,
at Day and Son's lithographers to the Queon, 6, Gote-street, Lin¬
coln's-ing-fields, London.
