 Yes. 2. Yes, favourable. 3. Yes. 4. Letter for
S. J. H., P. O., St. Martin's, 5. Yes. Safe. WRITE.
I. P. is earnestly entreated to WRITE in¬
stantly to H. A. P., who is distracted at her silence. If under
pressure, say so, that steps be taken to cancel it sine mora.
THE MAN who wrote in a feigned hand, signed
"Mary Anne," date July 11th, Gloster-Street, S.W., to the head of
a family living in Clifton-gardens, W., is informed, that neither his
note, nor disgraceful advertisement enclosed, has succeeded in pro¬
ducing the discord he so much desired. His object of obtaining
money by producing variance will not be realized.
MR. NORMAN, of the English Army, and formerly
a pupil of the College at Caen, is requested to FORWARD his
ADDRESS to Dr. Schlesinger, his former professor and friend, 32, rue
Montmartre, Paris.
NONYMA.—FIVE THOUSAND FRANCS will
be given to the person who shall afford correct information of
the writer and printer of a libellous French pamphlet, entitied "Anc¬
nyma." Apply to Mr. Pollaky, private inquiry office, 13, Paddington-¬
green.
LOST, on Friday, the 29th July, a small BUNCH of
KEYS. Whoever has found the same, and will bring them to Mr.
Brown, 18, Throgmorton-street, E.C., shall be REWARDED.
LOST, between St. John's wood and the Marylebone
County Court, or between there and Charing-cross. by Bayswater
omnibus, from the Edgware-road, a PAIR of GOLD SLEEVE¬
STUDS. Their full VALUE will be GIVEN (should they have been
found) on their restoration to Mr. De Boo, watchmaker, 6, York-place,
High-street, Portland-town.
LOST, at Bury, in the county of Lancaster in the
month of April last, the ORIGINAL LAST WILL and TESTA¬
MENT (bearing date the 16th April, 1856) of ANN LOMAX, late of
Leamington, in the county of Warwick, spinstor, deceased. Whoever
will bring the said will to Messrs. T. A. and J. Grundy and Co., or to
Mr. Frederic Anderton, all of Bury aforesaid, solicitors, shall be suit¬
ably REWARDED.—28th July, 1864.
LEFT in a CAB, on Tuesday evening, going from
Holborn to Euston-square, a PARCEL, addressed Mrs. W. T.
Morgan, Richmond-road, Bayswater. Whosoever will bring the same
to No. 39, above address, shall be REWARDED.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday
night between Paddington-green and Albion-street, a GOLD
BRACELET, set with Carbuncles. Apply at 13, Albion-street, Hyde¬

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, near Spring¬
gardens, on Sunday, July 31st, a small LIGHT BROWN
TERRIER DOG, with a white neck and face ; answers to the name of
"Bob." Whoever has found the same, and will return it to the Lord
Hill Tavern, Waterloo-road, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday
morning, August 2, from the corner of Stafford-street and Mary¬
lebone-road, a large BLACK RETRIEVER DOG. Had on when lost
a leather collar with brass plate. Whoever will bring the same to
Herring and Tucker, 17, Stafford-street, Marylebone-road, shall receive
the above reward.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 29th
July, in the neighbourhood of Camden-town, a SMALL GOLD
HUNTING WATCH, keyless, gold dial, with double Albert gold
chain and bunch of chanms attached. Whoever will restore the same
to Mr. James Gowland, watchmaker, 52, London-wall, E.C., shall re¬
ceive the above reward.
TWENTY-FIVE POUNDS REWARD. — Whereas
the offices of Messrs. Boutcher. Mortimore, and Co.,
No. 6, New Leather-market, Bermondsey, were burglariously
entered on the night of Tuesday, the 2d instant, and various
PROPERTY, including four Bank of England notes for £10 each, dated
20th May, 1864, and numbered 1919 to 1922 inclusive, were STOLEN
therefrom: The above reward will be paid to any person giving such
information as will lead to the conviction of the offenders. Information
to be given to the Inspector on duty, Police Station, Bermondsey-¬
street.—3d August, 1864.
DOG LOST (ONE POUND REWARD)—tan Skye
terrier: answers to the name of "Carlo." Address Mr. Banfield,
tailor, Hugh-Street, Belgrave-road, S.W.
FOUND, on July 15, in Regent-street, a GENTLE¬
MAN's MOURNING RING. Apply to S. P., 3, James-place,
Thomas-street, Kennington.
NOTICE.—If the THINGS LEFT at the Mitre
Hotel, Chatham, by Mr. E.T DUNN, are not REMOVED,
within one week from this date, they will be SOLD, to defray expenses.
—Chatham, August 5, 1864.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £39 11s. 2d. New £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of MARY NEWBURY
wife of Robert Newbury, of Croydon, Surrey, butcher, and JAMES
NEWBURY, a minor, and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners, in consequence of the Dividends thereon having remained
unclaimed since the 5th April, 1859 ; Notice is hereby given, that, on
the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will be
transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to the said Mary Newbury,
wife of Robert Newbury, and James Newbury, now of age, who have
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and
make out his claim thereto.
MISSING FRIENDS, Next of Kin, &c.—PER¬
SONAL INQUIRIES made for MISSING FRIENDS, &c.,
abroad, through correspondents resident in all the chief towns in the
United States of America, Canada, Australia, and the other British
colonies. Or advertisements inserted in the newspapers. A list of
upwards of 4,000 names of persons who have died, leaving property un¬
claimed, sent free for three stamps.—GUN and Co., American, colonial,
and foreign agents, 17, Charlotte-street, Bedford-square.
THE LATE CENTRAL SOCIETY of VINEYARD
PROPRIETORS.—BRANDY TRADE MARK.—Having been
instructed by my client, Mr. Edward Henry Leveaux, that he had in¬
advertently purchased from parties abroad certain brandies, bearing a
label which he found to be a colourable imitation of the label for¬
merly used by the above Society, of whose existence he was not aware.
and that he had become acquainted with that fact by being served
with a copy of a Bill in Chancery, filed against him by Messrs. Noix,
Vallein, and Co., of Saintes, in the Department of Charente Infericure,
who claim to have purchased the instruments employed in branding
the trade mark of the said Association, and also all the rights of the
said Association in the trade marks and labels used by the said Asso¬
ciation, when the effects of the said Association were sold by public
auction, upon the said Association being dissolved and their affairs
wound up: I. immediately after the service of the Bill, communicated
to the solicitor of Messrs. Noix, Vallein, and Co. that Mr. Leveaux
had bought the brandy in ignorance of the label being spurious, but
that he would immediately discontinue its use, and would pay their
costs of the Bill, and, amongst others, I wrote the following letter:—
7, Old Jewry, May 30, 1863.
Noix v. Leveaux.
Dear Sir.—I have seen my clients to-day respecting other matters,
and they wish me to inform you that, irrespective of whether your
client carries on or drops his present Bill, they shall not send out any
more brandy with the objectionable label attached, as they have no
desire to facilitate the circulation of a spurious trade mark, and they
would not ever have lent themselves to it if your olients had only in¬
formed them that it was their label, and not the label of the Hun¬
garian exporter.
Yours truly,
For J. Michael, A. D. MICHAEL.
To J. W. Nicholson, Esq., 48, Lime-street, E.C.
The plaintiffs, however, insisted upon carrying on an expensive suit
in Chancery, in which they of course obtained an injunction, as inno¬
cence or ignorance of there being an infringement is not any defence
against an injunction in the Court of Chancery.
J. MICHAEL, 3, Barge-yard, Bucklersbury, Solicitor for the

THE HERO of NIAGARA.—BLONDIN begs to
inform his numerous friends and patrous in England, on the con¬
tinent, and elsewhere that he is now on a professional tour through
Italy, Germany, Austria, and Russia, and that he has NO CON¬
NEXION whatever with the person who has been performing at the
Hippodrome, in Paris, who falsely assumes the title of "Blondin, the
Hero of Niagara," the undersigned being the only one of that name
who ever crossed the Falls on a rope.—J. F. Blondin, Here of Niagara,
Hotel Schwender, Vienna, July 8, 1864.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—Nos. 76 and 77.—
Doddinghurst-hall Farm and Dag Wood, in the parish of Dod¬
dinghurst and Frimnells, in the parishes of Downham and South
Hanningfield, all in the county of Essex.—In the Matter of the Act of
25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that, on the
application of Elizabeth Manbey, of Montpelier-crescent, Brighton,
in the county of Sussex, spinster, the Registrar of the Office of Land
Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the
date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible title, firstly, No. 76,
being all those HEREDITAMENTS, called or known as DODDING¬
HURST-HALL FARM and DAG WOOD, in the parish of Dodding¬
hurst, in the county of Essex; containing together, by admeasurement,
192a. Ir. 36p., or thereabouts, numbered on the tithe map of the said
parish of Doddinghurst, 70, 79, 132 to 137 both inclusive, 141, 239, 245
to 250 both inclusive (excent as to such part of No. 245 as now forms a
public road), 331 to 341 both inclusive, and 219, in the occupation, as to
the farm, of Bramston Baker, the wood being in hand. And secondly,
No. 77, being all those Hereditaments, called or known as Frimnells, in
the parishes of Downham and South Hanningfield, in the said county
of Essex; containing, by admeasurement, 348a. 3r. 0p., or thereabouts,
and numbered 9 to 14 both inclusive, 17, 18, 18a, 185, 19, 29 to 45 both
inclusive, on the tithe map of the said parish of Downham, and 42, 43,
part of 86, 87, 88, and 132 to 133 both inclusive, on the tithe map of the
said parish of South Hanningfield, part whereof is in the occupation of
Thomas Blyth, and the remaining part whereof is in hand, and which
said hereditaments firstly described are delineated on the map No. 75,
and which said hereditaments secondly described are delineated on the
map No. 77, respectively deposited by the applicant in the Office of
Land Registry as part of the description of the same, and therein re¬
spectively edged with red; together with the mines and minerals under
the same hereditaments respectively. If any person objects to, or
desires to show cause against, such registration, or claims that the same
should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any par¬
ticular estate or incumbrance, charge, or liability not already proved
or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the register
with reference to such hereditaments respectively, such person may be
heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields,
at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar months
from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or connsel, or by
affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause against,
or to make such claim in respect of, such registration. But any person
desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in writ¬
ing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address
thereto, in the Office of Land Registry before the expiration of the said
three calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise he will be ex¬
cluded from making the same. The said maps, numbered respectively
76 and 77, of the said hereditaments, deposited in the Office of Land
Registry, may be inspected at the said office, at any time before the
expiration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof.—
Dated this 5th day of August, 1864.
MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
R. B. POSTANS, Solicitor to the Applicant.
PELLATT and Co. beg to CONTRADICT the
REPORT that they have REMOVED. They still carry on
business at their old-established premises, the Falcon Glass Works,
Holland-street, Blackfriars-road, near the Chatham and Dover Rail¬
way Station. An illustrated catalogue post free.
DR. PIRSCHER, at present of 7, Cardington-street,
Hampstead-road, begs leave to inform his acquaintances that
there is no Pirscher in this country but himself. His relatives, the
officers of his name in the Prussian and Brunswick services, have never
resided in England. Dr. P. has no intercourse with, nor are his affairs
known to, any German in England. He is an old man, and has lived
above 25 years in England. He is an entire stranger to all disloyal
writings spread and acts done in his name, being a royalist and Con¬
servative.
RODRIGUES' MONOGRAMS and HERALDIC
DEVICES, designed and engraved as gems of art; steel dies en¬
graved; note paper and envelopes stamped in colour relief, and illu¬
minated in the most elegant style; arms, crests, or monograms
engraved on seals or rings.—At Henry Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly, W.
NO CHARGE for ENGRAVING DIES with
ARMS, Crest. Monogram, or Address if an order be given for
a ream of the very best paper and 500 envelopes to match, 21s., all
stamped free.—T. CULLETON, 25, Cranbourn-Street, corner of St.

MONOGRAMS, Arms, and Crests, with mediaeval
illumination in colours and gold, for note paper and envelopes.
—KERBY and SON, 190, Oxford-street; by appointment to His Royal

MONOGRAMS, Arms, and Crests of Dukes, Mar¬
quises, and Earls.—MONOGRAM DIES artistically DE¬
SIGNED. A pencil sketch of initials or full Christian name in mono¬
gram, 1s. 6d.—KERBY and SON, 190, Oxford-street; by appointment
to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.
DOLBY's MONOGRAMS DESIGNED, Engraved,
and Illuminated, as Gems of Art.—Largest collection of crest
dies in Europe; note paper and envelopes kept in stock with the crests
of more than 10,000 families, at the price of plain paper. Arms found,
emblazoned, and engraved, on stone, steel, or copper; ships, regiments,
and public companies supplied at wholesale prices.—HENRY
DOLBY, heraldic artist, 56, Regent-street Quadrant, London,
MONUMENTAL STUDIO and SHOW ROOMS,
M
the Marble Arch.—MONUMENTS, Tablets, Tombs,
&c., EXECUTED in the best manner, at moderate charges. Designs
and estimates post-free on application to J. CURRIE, sculptor,
No. 240, Oxford-street. W. Export orders.
LONUMENTAL SCULPTURE.—The Carrara
Marble Works. Established 1820.—MONUMENTS, Tablets,
Tombs, Memorial Crosses, and Headstones for cemeteries, &c., executed
in a superior style, at moderate charges. Export orders.—T. GAFFIN
No. 63, Quadrant, Regent-street, W. Manufactory, Westminster, S.W
FOR FAMILY ARMS (Lincoln's-inn Heraldic¬
office) send name and county. Arms painted and quartered.
No fee for search. Sketch, 3s. 6d. or stamps. Arms on plate for books,
21s. Crests on seals, rings, or dies.—PUGH, BROTHERS, artists (late
H. Salt), Great Turnstile, Lincoln's-inn. Manual of Heraldry, 3s.
