COUTE QUI COUTE.
IF E. S. M. will RETURN at once to her afficted
family she will be received with open arms.—22d Feb.
CAPTN. C.........C....., Brussels. —LETTERS
of importance await you at the Drummond Arms, Drummond-¬
street, Euston-square, N.W
J. H., who left his home in Burdett-road, E., on
Tuesday, February 20, is sincerely entreated to WRITE to his
brother, as his Mother is dying.
L. L. B.—Comment puis-je derire, quand je n'ai
reçu jamais une lettre de vous? Si vous ne voulez ni d'écrire
ni de venir, je ne puis rien de plus. Cest à vous. Trés ennuyée.—
L. L. B.
SECRET.—Our Corner." — 11th March, fond. — Ind
letters and old reminiscences bring you back; why drive me to
the life I lead? Why have made me spend such a miserable month,
when the present and future are entirely yours ?—"SECRET.
NOTTO, "Nostra Sapientia" (remainder illegible),
Warwick, in 1832. The amiable but ANONYMOUS COM¬
POSER of a LETTER, dated 14th Feb., without address, post-mark
Dudley, directed to an old friend in B—shire, is earnestly requested
to WRITE again, with real name and address. It would give inex¬
pressible pleasure to one who never forgets old friends.
THE JENNINGS' PROPERTY.—Encouragement
to Claimants, whether of the name of Jennings, or allied by mar¬
riage to that family.—See "Researches Respecting Family History,
Unclaimed Property, and Estates in Abeyance," price 5s., or sent free
on receipt of 62 postage stamps. Address J. H. FENNELL, 49, Mill¬
bank-street, Westminster, S.W.
MENRY ALLEN.—This person, lately a soldier in
the Federal Army, company K,47th Regiment Illinois Volunteers
has been left by will a SHARE of some MONEY, which he will lose
unless APPLICATION be made for the same before the 1st April
next, to Miss Ing, 23, Milman's-row, Chelsea, S.W.
IMPORTANT.—Next of Kin.—Macdonald, Dubois,
Spence, Urouhart.—WANTED, RELATIVES of JEMIMA
MACDONALD, Jemima Dubois, Ann Spence, and Jane Urquhart,
children of James Macdonald, of London, 1800. Apply, by letter, to
Francis, Esq., 32, Store-street, Bedford-square.
MELLER v. PYE and HOWARD.—A report
being circulated that I am a principal in this cause in the Court
 Probate I positively declare there is NO TRUTH whatever in such
REPORT.
THOMAS MELLER, 26, Change-alley, E.C.
LOST, a CERTIFICATE for £100 CONSOLI¬
DATED STOCK in the EAST INDIA RAILWAY COMPANY,
in the name of Mrs. Ann Elizabeth Linnington, dated 30th October, 1856.
Any person bringing the same to Mr. Drew, 38, High Holborn, shall be
REWARDED.
LEFT in a CAB, which took up a lady at Hemming's-¬
row and set down at the Offord Arms, Caledonian-road, N., a
SMALL BLACK LEATHER LADY's BAG, containing a purse with
money, keys, papers, &c. Whoever returns the bag, with the keys and
papers, may keep the contents of the purse. Apply at Offord Arms,
eenames
ONE GUINEA REWARD. —LOST, while travel,
ling by rail between Dover and Canterbury, on the 8th of January,
 SABLE MUFF. Address A. B., Licence's, Marine library, Dover.
IN the Matter of the LETTERS PATENT, granted
to WALTER BENTLEY WOODBURY, of Manchester, in the
county of Lancaster, photographer, for the Invention of "An im¬
proved method of producing or obtaining by the aid of Photography
surfaces in Relievo' and "Intaglio upon aluminous, vitreous, me¬
tallic, or other suitable meterials," bearing date the 23d September,
1864, No. 2.333. —Notice is hereby given, that the said Walter Bentley
Woodbury has applied by petition to Her Majesty's Commissioners of
Patents for Inventions for LEAVE to FILE a DISCLAIMER and
MEMORANDUM of ALTERATION of certain PARTS of the
SPECIFICATION of the said letters patent; and any person intend¬
ing to oppose such application must leave notice thereof at the office
of the Solicitor-General, No. 1, Mitre ourt-buildings, Temple, within 
10 days from the date hereof. — Dated this 23d day of February, 1866.
DAVIES and HUNT, 1, Serle-street, Lincoln's-inn, London,
Agents for the Petitioner.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 221.—
South Lopham, Norfolk. In the matter of the Act of 25th and
26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the application
of the Reverend JOHN FITZHERBERT BATEMAN, of South
Lonham Rectory, in the county of Norfolk, the Registrar of the Office
of Land Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar months
from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the
HEREDITAMENTS in the parish of South Lopham, in the county
of Norfolk, containing 33a. 2r. 24p., or thereabouts, part thereof ad¬
joining Panter's-hall-lane, on either side thereof, and the remaining
part adjoining the public road from Botesdale to North Lopham,
numbered on the tithe map of the said parish 248, 249. 257,
260, 205, 266, 268, 269, 270, and 271, partly in hand, and partly in
the tenures or occupations of Henry Green, William Soar, and
Mary Ann Woods, and which said hereditaments are delineated on
the map No. 221, deposited in the Office of Land Registry as
part of the description of the same, and therein edged with red,
together with the mines and minerals under the same here¬
ditaments. If any person objects to, or desires to show cause against,
such registration, or claims that the same should be subject to any
conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or incum¬
brance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before the
Registrar, should be entered on the register with reference to such
hereditaments, such person may be heard at the Office of Land Re¬
gistry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of
the said three calendar months from the date hereof, personally or by
his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such ob¬
jection, or to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect of,
such registration. But any person desiring to make such objection or
claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof,
and with his name and address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry
before the expration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from making the same. The
said map of the said hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land
Registry may be inspected at the said office at any time before the ex¬
piration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof.—
Dated this 24th day of February, 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
JOHN FITZHERBERT BATEMAN
Ann.
SALMON FISHERY ACT, 1863.—Notice is hereby
given, that it is the intention of the Right Honourable Sir George
Grey, Bart., one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to
GRANT CERTIFICATES under his hand forming into fishery dis¬
tricts the Rivers Tyne, Stour (Kent), Avon (Hants), Axe, Otter, Exe,
Teign, Dart, Avon (Devon), Tamar, Taw and Torridge, and Towy,
Loughor, and Taff, as hereinafter defined, and that the limits of the
said rivers for the purposes of the said Act shall be defined to in¬
¬
TYNE.
So much of the River Tyne and its Tributaries, and of the Rivers
Wansbeck and Blyth and their Tributaries, as is situate within the
counties of Camberland, Northumberland, and the town of Newcastle¬
upon-Tyne, and also the Estuaries of the said rivers, and so much of
the coast as lies between Souter Point, in the county of Durham, and
the Southern Boundary of the Fishery District of the River Coquet, in
the county of Northumberland, and all rivers flowing into the sea be¬
tween the said points and being within the said countics.
Home office, February 22, 1866.
STOUR.
So much of the River Stour and its Tributaries as is situate within
the county of Kent and the county of the city of Canterbury, and also
the Estuary of the said river, and so much of the coast as lies between
the North Forcland and the South Forcland, both in the county of
Kent, and all rivers flowing into the sea between the said points and
being within the said county.
Home office, February 22, 1866.
AVON (HANTS.)
So much of the Rivers Avon and Stour and their Tributaries as is
situate within the counties of Southampton, Dorset, and Wilts, and
also the Estuaries of the said rivers, and so much of the coast as lies
between the Lighthouse, near Hurst Castle, at the entrance of the
Solent, and the Western Boundary of the county of Southampton, and
all rivers flowing into the sea between the said points and being within
the said counties.
Home office, February 22, 1856.
AXE.
So much of the River Axe and its Tributaries as is situate within
the counties of Devon, Dorset, and Somerset, and also the Estuary of
the said river, and so much of the coast as lies between Portland Bill,
in the county of Dorset, and Beer Head, in the county of Devon, and
all rivers flowing into the sea between the said points and being within
L
Home office, February 22, 1866.
LOTTER.
So much of the River Otter and its Tributaries as is situate within
the county of Devon, and also the Estuary of the said river, and so
much of the coast as lies between the First Headland to the West
from the Mouth of the said river and Beer Head, both in the county of
Devon, and all rivers flowing into the sea between the said points and
—
Home office, February 22, 1866.
EXE.
So much of the River Exe and its Tributaries as is situate within
the counties of Devon, Somerset, and the city of Exeter, and also the
Estuary of the said river, and so much of the coast as lies between the
First Headland east of the Mouth of the said river and the Clerk
Rock, south of Dawlish, both in the county of Devon, and all rivers
flowing into the sea between the said points and being within the said
¬
Home office, February 22, 1866.
TEIGN.
So much of the River Teign and its Tributaries as is situate within
the county of Devon, and also the Estuary of the said river, and so much
of the coast as lies between the Clerk Rock on the North and Hopes
Nose on the South, both in the county of Devon, and all rivers flowing
into the sea between the said points and being within the said county.
Home office, 22d February, 1866.
DART.
So much of the River Dart and its Tributaries as is situate within
the county of Devon, and also the Estuary of the said river, and so much
of the coast as lies between Hopes Nose on the North and Start Point
on the South, both in the county of Devon, and all rivers flowing into
the sea between the said points and being within the said county.
Home office, 22d February, 1866.
AVON (DEVON).
So much of the River Avon and its Tributaries as is situate within
the county of Devon, and also the Estuary of the said river, and so much
of the coast as lies between Start Point on the East and Stoke Point
on the West, both in the county of Devon, and all streams flowing into
the sea between the said points and being within the said county.
Home office, 22d February, 1866.
TAMAR.
So much of the Rivers Tamar and Plym and their Tributaries as is
situate within the counties of Devon and Cornwall, and also the
Estuaries of the said rivers, and so much of the coast as lies between
Stoke Point, in the county of Devon, and Rame Head, in the county
of Cornwall, and all rivers flowing into the sea between the said points
and being within the said counties.
Home office, February 22. 1866.
TAW and TORRIDGE.
So much of the Rivers Taw and Torridge and their Tributaries as
is situate within the county of Devon, and also the Estuaries of the
said rivers, and so much of the coast as lies between the western
boundary of the county of Somerset and the eastern boundary of the
county of Cornwall, and all rivers flowing into the sea between the
said points and being within the said county of Devon.
Home office, February 22, 1866.
TOWY, LOUGHOR, and TAFF.
So much of the Rivers Towy, Loughor, and Taff and their Tribu¬
taries as is situate within the counties of Carmarthen, Pembroke, Gla¬
morgan, and the town of Carmarthen, and also the Estuaries of the
said rivers, and so much of the coast as lies between Worms Head, in
the county of Glamorgan, and St. Gowan's Head, in the county of
Pembroke, and all rivers flowing into the sea between the said points
and being within the said counties.
Home office, February 22, 1866.
CAUTION.—WESTON's PATENT PULLEY¬
BLOCKS.—In Chancery: "Tungye v. Stott." Before His Honour
Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P. Wood and a Special Jury, December 11th,
12th, 13th, 15th, and 16th, 1865 ; and before His Honour, on motion
for a new trial and motion for a decree, February 8th and 12th, 1866.
The special jury having found a verdict for the plaintiffs, and His
Honour Vice-Chancellor Wood having made a decree for a perpetual
injunction to restrain the defendant, James Stott, of Rochdale, from
infringing Weston's Patent, and ordering the defendant to deliver to
the plaintiffs all articles made according to the invention, and to pay
to the plaintiffs the cost of the suit. All persons are hereby cau¬
tioned against manufacturing, purchasing, or selling any Differential
Pulley-Blocks similar to Weston's Patent not manufactured by the
plaintiffs. Application will forthwith be made to the Court of Chan¬
cery for INJUNCTIONS against all persons who may be found in¬
fringing Weston's Patent after this notice. The blocks may be ob¬
tained from the plaintiffs' wholesale agents, S. and E. Ransome and
Co., 31, Essex-Street, Strand, London, W. C.
J. HENRY JOHNSON, 47, Lincoln's-inn-fields, London,
Plaintiff's Solicitor.
CHOCOLAT MENIER, 23, Henrietta-street,
Strand.—MENIER's FRENCH CHOCOLATE.—Notice is
hereby given, that legal proceedings will be taken under the Merchan¬
dise Marks Act, 1862, 25 and 26 Vic., cap. 83, against any person or per¬
sons fraudulently making use of the trade mark, or the signature,
Menier (it being an individual firm, and in no way connected with any
company or other house whatever), on the seal or cover, together with
colour of wrapper, form of cakes, &c., arrangement of label or otherwise,
with the intention of deceiving the public by causing spurious and in¬
ferior articles to be sold for the genuine Chocolat Menier.
A. F. TRUEFITT, Solicitor, 4, Essex-court, Temple, E.C.
NOTICE.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Nos. 38 and 39, Bruton-street, Bond-street, jewellers and silver¬
smiths to the Queen, and the Prince and Princess of Wales, feel com¬
pelled (in consequence of advertisements which are likely to mislead
the public to announce that they are not connected, either in business
or by relationship, with any other house in London. Their only
address is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, Bond-street.
THE ARUNDEL GREAT HALL, 37, Arundel¬
street, Strand, capable of holding 800 persons, to be LET, for
halls (including supper room, &c., 10 guineas; meetings, six guineas;
concerts, five guineas. No extras. Smaller Rooms also to be Let.
S. HOLROYD, Sec.
PEXTINCTEUR: What it is Worth.—A SERIES
of EXPERIMENTS will be made on Monday, 26th instant, at
3 p.m. (by kind permission of Metropolitan Railway Company, near
their King's-cross Station). Cards of admission will be forwarded
with much pleasure to any gentlemen desirous of judging for them¬
selves the value of the invention.—EDWARD CASPER, sole licensee.
No. 33, Poultry.
