MONDAYS 3 is NOT MINE. Many thanks.
MANY THANKS. Your answer makes me better
and happier. No further advertissement will be mine.
MISS JOHNSTONES SALE.—If the PARTY who
PURCHASED an ENGRAVING of SALOME, with John the
ptist's Head in a Charger, at the above sale, which took place in
Westbourne-terrace near Bishop's-road, Paddington, in the autumn
of 1870, will APPLY by letter to A. B., Mr. Coome's, Clarenont-¬
buildings, Weston-super-Mare, he will hear something to his advan¬
ta te.
MR. CHARLES BOURJOT, formerly of 4, Coleman¬
street-buildings, and also of 58, Welbeck-street, Cavendish¬
square, London, Merchant.—This gentleman, or his representatives¬
are requested to COMMUNICATE with Messrs. R. S. Taylor and
Son. Gray's-inn, Solicitors, relative to the estate of Charlotte, Countess
de la Blache, deceased, of whose will Mr. Bourjot was an Executor.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE Probate
Divorce and Admiralty Division To the NEXT of KIN (if any
and all others having an interest in the personalestate of CAROLINE
VICKREY late of Torquay in the County of Devon Widow deceased
Take Notice that a Citation has issued under seal whereby you are
cited within 30 days to cause an appearance to be entered for you in
the Principal Probate Resistry of the above Court and accept or re¬
fuse Letters of Administration of the personal estate of the deceased
or shew cause why the same should not be graated to Catherine Lut¬
terell Rees (Wife of John Stephen Rees) of No. Coburg Place Tor¬
quay aforesaid as a Creditor of the deceased with an intimation that
in default of your appearance such Letters of Administration will be
granted to Catherine Lutterell Rees
CHARLES J MIDDLETON Registrar.

J. E. E
PURSUANT to a Judgmens of the High Court of
Justice made in an action entitled "In the matter of the estate
of Dennis Josegh Canty deceased, Cornelius Brian and others agst
Williaw Charles Thurley," the persons claiming to be NEXT of KIN
according to the statutes for the distribution of intestates estates, of
DENNIS JOSEPH CANTY formerly of New Gravel Lane in the
parish of St Paul Shadwell then of Belgrave St Radcliff, then of "The
Duke of Kent "public house No 34 Martha St in the parish of St
George in the East, licensed victualler, and late of No 164 Jamaica
5t Mile End Old Town, all in the County of Middlesex, living at the
time of his decease on the 21st day of May 1876, or to be the legal per¬
sonal representatives of such of the said next of kin as are now dead,
and in particular James Cauty brother of the said Dennis Joseph
Capty who left England for New South Wales on the 28th day of Sep¬
tember 1831, if now living, or she children of the said James Canty if
any, in case he died before the said 21st day of May 1878 or the per¬
sonal representatives of the said James Canty, in case he died since
the said 21st day of May 1878, are by their solicitors on or before 1st
day of December 1879 to come in and prove their claims at the Cham¬
bers of the Vice Chancellor Sir Charles Hall No. 14 Chancery bane
Middlesex or in default thereof they will be peremptorily excluded
from the benefit of the said Judgment. Wednesday the 10th day of
December 1879 at three o'clock of the afternoon at the said chambers
is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims Dated this
2nd,day of July 1879.	WILLIAM BINNS SMITH Chief Clerk
CHARITABLE BEQUESTS.—Notice is hereby
iven, pursuant to the Acts 30th and 31st Vic., cap. 54, that
RICHARD JOHN ORMSBY VANDELEUR, formerly of Merrion
square, in the city of Dublin, and subsequently of Carlaruhe, but late
of Baden, in the Grand Duchy of Baden, Esquire, who died on the
25th day of May, 1879, at Baden aforesaid, by his will, dated 26th day
of January, 1877, bequeathed to the Committee of the Royal Irigh
Academy of Music his musical instruments, consisting of a grand
piano, two violins, and a tenor, as prizes for the students; and sain
testator bequeathed all his personal estate (except what he otherwise
disposed of by his said will) to Richard Studdert Reeves and Robert
Reeves, both of 17 Merrion square, East. Dublin, Esquires, upon tust,
to pay the following legacies:—To the Royal Irish Academy of
Music, the sum of £1,000 ; and he further directed the said Trustees
to invest the sum of £2,000 in the purchase of Government New £3
per Cent. Stock, or Government New £3 per Cent. Consolidated Bank
Annuities, and transfer same to the Commissioners of Charitable
Donations and Bequests in Ireland, upon trust, to pay the dividends
on the said stock from time to time to the Council of the said Rayal
Irish Academy of Music, to be applied for the benofit of the said
Academy, as in the said will mentioned. To the Society for the
Abolition of Vivisection, £500 ; to the Reverend Frederick A.
Wynne, or the Incumbent for the time being of St. Matthias's Church,
Dublin, for the benefit of the Widows' House to be crected in the
district in which said church is situate, £500 ; to the Boys' and Girls'
Home (Ragged Schools), £2,880 ; to the Magdalen Asylum, 8, Lower
Leeson-street, Dublin, £2,860; to the National Institution and Moly¬
neux Asylum for the Blind of Ireland, Leeson-park, Dublin, £2,880 ;
to the Cripples' Home, Bray, £1,000 ; to the Stewart Institution for
the Training and Education of Idlotic and Imbecile Children, near
Dublin, for the purposes of a ward, to be called the Vandeleur Ward."
£2,000; to the Convalescent Home, Stillorgan, £1,600 ; to the Royal
Lifeboat Institution for constructing a lifeboat to be called "the Van¬
deleur," and to be stationed somewhere on the coast of Donegal, £500;
to "Dublin by Lamplight, £500. And he bequeathed all the residue of
his property to the Society at Carlsruhle for the Protection of
Animals, and the said Testator appointed the said Richard Studdert
Reeves and Robert Reeves executors of his said Will, and probate
thereof was granted to them forth of the Principal Registry of the
Probate and Matrimonial Division of the High Court of Justice in
Ireland, on the 2nd day of July, 1879.—Dated this 7th day of July,
1879.
S. S. and E. REEVES and SONS, Solicitors for said
Executors, 17, Merrion square, East, Dublin.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD will be
paid for INFORMATION that will lead to the conviction of the
writer of the ANONYMOUS LETTER to a London newspaper
office, reflecting on Mr. Milton, of Weymouth-Street, Portland-place.
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand,
C.—The Treasurers thankully ACKNOWLEDGE the
RECEIPT of £21, as a Douation from the Worshipful Company of
othworkers.—HENRY WOOLCOTT, Secretary.
ROYAL NATIONAL LIFEBOAT INSTITUTION.
The Committee beg to ACKNOWLEGE, with best thanks, the
RECEIPT of £26 5s., from the Underwriters of the Cargo by the
Austrian barque Andrina V., heing a moiety of the sum of £52 19s.
placed in their hands for charitable purposes.—14, John-Street,
Adelphi, July 11th.
MERCHANT SEAMENS ORPHAN ASYLUM,
Snaresbrook, E.—The Secretary begs to ACKNOWLEDGE
with thanks the RECEIPT of £26 5s. from the Underwriters of the
eargo by the Austrian barque Andrina V., in aid of the funds of the
institution, that amount being a moiety of the sum of £52 10s. placed
in their hands for charitable purposes in connexion with a recent
prossoution.—Office, 132, Leadenhall-Street, E.C., July 11, 1879.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LEFT, in a Hansom
CAB, which took up at the Gaiety Theatre, and set down at
o. 4, Sumner-terrace, Onslow-square, on Thursday night, the 3d inst.,
a PAIR of OPERA GLASSES (by Voigtlander) in leather case. Who¬
ever will take the same to 4, Sumner-terrace, shall receive the above
reward.
FOUND, on the 11th, in Oxford-street, a LADY'S
GOLD WATCH. The owner can have the same by gi¬
de¬
criotion and paying the cost of this advertisement, on application to

SOLDIERS' BALANCES UNCLAIMED.—In pur¬
suance of the "Regimental Debts Acts, 1863," notice is hereby
given, that Hor Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War
Department has available, for DISTRIBUTION amongst the Next of
Kin or others entitled, the SUM of MONEY set opposite to the name
of each of the deceased soldiers named in the list which is published
with this notice in the London Gazette and the Army List, and is also
to be seen at the Quarters of the several Staff Officers for the Pension
Service throughout the United Kingdom.
Applications from persons supposing themselves entitled as Next of
Kin should be addressed by letter to the Under Secretary of State,
War Office, London, S.W., and marked outside "Soldiers' Effects."
No application can be attended to which does not state the date
and place of the soldier's birth, enlistment, and death, and the name
of his regiment; his regimental number should also be stated if
known.
Should these particulars furnished by the applicant not agree with
the facts recorded on the War Off
nocuments relating to the de¬
ceased soldier, the applicant will be so informed; but should they
gree therewith, then within three calendar months the Secretary of
"State will furnish the applicant with the usual requirements needed
for the proof of the alleged relationship.
The application must be authenticated by the signature of the appli¬
cant, and his name should be affixed in the presence of the clergyman
orone of the churchwardens of the parish, or a Justice of the Peace.
The applicant's address, with the name of the post town, must also be
clearly stated. No personal application can receive attention.
Further lists will from time to time be publishod, and therefore it
will facilitate the applicant's inquiries to give the number and date of
the notice in which the deceased soldier's name appeared.—Effects,
1878-9.
By order of the said Princie e es.
RALPH THOMPSON.
Note.—A copy of this notice is to be seen at the Quarters of the
several Staff Officers for the Pension Sorvice throughout the United
Kingdom.
List OXVII of the names of soldiers deceased since 1865, whose
personal estate is held by the Secretary of State for War for distribu¬
tion amongst the next of kin or others entitled.
UNDOWED SCHOOLS ACTS, 1869, 1873, and 1874.
—In the Matter of the Foundation at Deptford, known as Dean
STANHOPE'S SCHOOL.—A SCHEME relating to the above named
Foundation has been submitted by the Charity Commissioners to the
Committee of Council on Education; and notice is hereby given,
that during one month from the date of the first publication hereof,
the Committee of Council on Education will, in pursuance of section
13 of the Endowed Schools Act, 1873, receive objections or suggestions
made to them in writing respecting such Scheme. Copies of the
Scheme, price threepence each, may be obtained from Mr. Brodink,
High-Street. Deptford; Mr. J. D. Smith, Deptford-bridge; or from
the Secretary, Charity Commission, Whitehall, London, S.W.
(Signed)
PATRICK CUMIN, Assistant-Secretary.
Education Department, 11th July, 1879.
GROUSE and DEER.—Mr. Dougall, Jun., has to
LET for this season, and on LEASE, numerous first class
MOORS and FORESTS on which the prospects are highly promising.
—59, St. James's-street.
MOORS, Forests, and Fishings.—EDWARD PATON
and SON, Gun and Rifle Manufacturers, beg to announce that
their FIFTH LIST, which contains particulars of the best SHOOT¬
INGS to be LET in Scotland, is now published, and will be for¬
warded post free on application; and as a large majority of the best
places on this list have been inspected by them, they can afford sports¬
men fullest and most ample detalis. Rents from £30 to £5,000.
E. P. and S., having regularly inspected Scotch shootings for 20 years,
possess an intimate knowledge of a very large number, and a most
comprehensive knowledge of the country. Address 108, Mount-street,
Grosvenor-square, London, W.; and 44, George-street, Perth, N.B.
NORWAY.—SALMON (ROD) FISHING to be
LET, from the 8th of August next for remainder of the season,
on the Ouina River, Flekke Fiord, 70 miles sorth of Christiansand,
accessible by coasting styamer. Rent £50. Good sport may be ex¬
pected. For further particulars apply, by letter, to F., 2, Gray's-inn¬
square, W.C.
SCHOONER YACHT for SALE, 160 tons, built by
a first class builder; complete with every new appliance, and
ready for sea. Address Cuarles Norton, Esq., Solicitor, Swansea.
WACHT (YAWL) for SALE, 13 tons, coppered and
copper fastened, patent water-closet, well-fitted cabin, with good
head room; good inventory; good sea boat, remarkably stiff and
tight. Apply to Mr. John Nicholis, 29, Bugle-street, Southampton.
Price £160.
OIPLOMATIC, Legal, and Confidential INQUIRIES,
in England and abroad, by Mr. POLLAKY, 13, Paddington-¬

BRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—Mr. WENDEL
SCHERER, 24 years' English and foreign experience, can be
daily personally consulted, in all cases of importance, at 11, Blomfield¬
terrace, Paddington.
THE PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, established
in 1852, by C. F. Field, late Chief of the Metropolitan Detective
Police, and C. Nicholls, 33, Essex-Street, Strand (removed from 20,
Devereux-court).
THE WIGMORS TRAINED NURSES' INSTI¬
TUTE. —Resident skilled and experienced NURSES for Medical,
Surgical, Monthly, Mental, and Fever cases supplied at a minute's
notico. Address the Misses Carty, 34, Wigmore-street, London, W
GENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, 5, Henrietta¬

street, Covent-garden,
Medical Director—ALFRED EBSWORTH, F.R.C.S.
Resident skilled medical, surgical, and monthly nurses are supplied
at a moment's notice from this Institute; also fever nurses, male
attendants, and wet nurses. Applications to be addressed to the
Secretary or Lady Superintendent.
GURSES.—Mr. WILSONS INSTITUTION, 96,
Wimpole-street, Cavendish-square, London, W.
Established 1867, since which period 30,000 families have been pro¬
vided with my Nurses, recommended by the most eminent of the
medical brofession, and nursing under their instructions, and they
reside at the Institution, 96, Wimpole-street, which are guarantees of
efficiency and respectability
Medical, Surgical, Monthly, Mental, Dipsomania, Fever Nurses, &c.
Pever Nurses reside in a separate house, and oply attond fever cases.
Male Attendants, Mental, Dipsomania, Medical, Surgical, and Fevers.
Having the largest staff of Nurses in London, and the most expe¬
rienced, every application can be supplied at a moment's notice.
Nurses sent to all parts of England, America, and the Continent.
The nature of the case, age, and sex should be described, personally,
by letter or telegram, addressed to Mr. Wilson or Lady-Superintendent.
—
FIELD, RACE, and OPERA GLASSES.—
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRAS.
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRAS WATCH-SIZE
BAROMETER, to foretell weather, and for mountain mea¬
surements, used by Her Majesty's Government and leading scientific

WEDDING and BIRTHDAY PRESENTS.—
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRAS BAROMETERS, Opera and
Field Glasses, &c. Paris Exhibition, 1878. The only gold medal
ardad for Meteorological Instruments in the British Section.
MEGRETTI and ZAMBRA, Opticians to the Queen,
British and Foreign Governments, &c. The accuracy of all in¬
struments guaranteed. Trade and shippers supplied.—Holborn
Viaduct ; 45, Cornhill; 122, Regent-street; and Crystal Palace
NEWTON and Co.'s CHEAP TELESCOPES, 8s. to
£3, as supplied to the War-Office; Opera Glasses, 12s. to £9;
Astronomical Telescope, 4 feet long, 3in, achromatic glass, day and
night powers, tripod stand. Will show Saturn's ring, the principal
double stars, and read a church clock at 10 miles, £5. Brass body,
rack focus, £7.—Newton, and Co., Opticians to the Queen, 3, Fleet-street.
