—Your telegram 18 hours on the road.—

C. B.—I was sory I couid not meet you; but write
again, with address, to L. S., and you will hear from her.
E.—Do not consider it prudent to reply. Always post
letters yourself—no compromise—further north—but expect to
return next mouth.—Vienna, May 20th, 1868.—Pollaky.
THE TREASURERS of the SOCIETY for the
PROPAGATION of the GOSPEL in FOREIGN PARTS
.
Park-place, St. James's-street) ACKNOWLEDGE, with thanks,
the RECEIPT of a £5 NOTE from R. E.J.
LOST, from a Cab, on Friday evening, the 15th,
between Euston-square and 312, Camden-road, a small CARPET
BAG, with the owner's name in the bottom. Whoever will bring it
to 312. Canden-road, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, on Thursday, the 14th inst., at Drury-lane
Theatre, TWO PAIRS of OPERA-GLASSES, black sling cases
and straps, marked "Duchesse, Paris." Any one restoring the same to
Mr. S. Barrett, Drury-lane Theatre stage door, shall be handsomely
REWARDED.
LOST, in passage from Paddington to Reading, by
the 4.50 p.m. train, on Thursday, May the 14th, a CARPETBAG,
bearing a brass label with "R. Barlow," and addressed "Miss Barlow,
No. 10, Victoria-square, Reading." Any person into whose hands the
bag may have come is requested to forward it to 10, Victoria-square,
Reading
LOST, on Saturday, 16th May, between 1 and 2 o'clock
in the afternoon, either in a cab going from Waterloo Station to
Charing-cross Station, or at Charing-cross, an INDIAN BRACELET,
of gold workedupon steel, made to imitate a band, with buckle and ctrap¬
Whoever will forward this to Alton-lodge, Surbiton-hill, Surrey, shall be
hanusomely REWARDEL
LEFT in a CAB, on Sunday morning, between
Hyde-park-square and Barnes-com

STRIPED WOOLLEN SHAWL. TEN SHILLINGS REWARD if
brought to Bacon's Hotel, Albion-place, Hyde-park. No further re¬
IVORY OPERA-GLASS lately LOST, near Great
Eas.

GUINEAS REWARD. Apply at the Green Dragon Hotel, Bishops¬
gate-street.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Wednes¬
day night.

Minories, a GOLD GENEVA WATCH and CHAIN. Apply to E.
Blake, 103, Whitechapel, E.
TO CABMEN.—LOST Thursday, 14th, on way to
te Italian
a OPERA GLASS, in black case. The
finder will be REWARDED on bringing it to Rastall's, Ebury¬
street, Pim .
TO CARMEN and others.—TWO POUNDS RE¬
in a Hansom CAB, on Thursday night, 14th
inst., a PAIR of OPERA GLASSES, with case and strap. The fare
was taken from Evans's, Covent-garden, to 73, Besshorough-street
mlico. The reward will be paid to any person returning the same to
No. 73, Bessborough-street. No further reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LEFT in a CAB, on
the night of the 18th, returning from St. James's-hall to Bays¬
water, a BLACK BINOCULAR GLASS, in black leather case. Any
person taking the same to 55, Parliament-street, shall receive the
above rewar.
IONEY LOST.—LOST, either at Liverpoolor Lon¬
don, since 8 a.m. 20th inst., £245 in NOTES, contained in a
small linen bag, viz, one £50, one £20, remainder in £10 and £5. In¬

to Wm. Thomson, Bedford Hotel, Southampton-row,
by whom a REWARD of TWENTY-FIVE POUNDS will be
THREE POUNDS REWARD. LOST, a MOURN¬
ING RING, on Wednesday evening, between Nicoll's restaurant
and the circus, Regent-street. It contained hair of four persons, and
on the inside the following initials:—R. G., S. G., R. F. G., and E. G.
Whoever will take it to Mr. Gornall, 21, Glasshouse-street, shall receive
the above reward.
CAUTION to BANKERS, Bill Brokers, and others.
LOST, on the 13th or 14th inst., a BILL for £600, drawn by J. C.
Ritter and Co. on Samuel Johnston and Co., of Liverpool, and accepted
payable in London on 25th inst., at the banking-house of Messrs
Williams, Deacon, and Co. Payment of the above has been stopped,
and any information respecting it is requested to be given to Mr. Henry

FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—FIVE AMERI¬
CAN BONDS, 1,000 dollars each.—On the 6th of November last the
above, in a lady's bag, were TAKEN by MISTAKE or STOLEN, in the
waiting room of the Great Western Railway Terminus at Paddington.
Any person giving information which will lead to the recovery of the
same, with the coupons for the interest (or conviction of the offender
if stolen), shall receive the above reward, on application to D. E.
Colombine, Esq., solicitor, 52, Great Marlborough-Street, W. The pay¬
ment of the principal and interest has been stopped, and the above
are of no value except to the owner. Bankers, brokers, and agents are
requested to give information to the above if any person shall offer
the same to them. They are known as Five-Twenty Coupon Bondy
issued under Act of February, 1862, for 1,000 dollars each, Nos. 14,332,

NGLAND.—
N o
nclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to th

ese

 £3,15.
Ne.



 n
STANDIN, of Pitfield-street, Old-Street, widow, and which dividend
was paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National
Debt, in consequence of its having remained unclaimed since the 5th
April, 1858; Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Dividend will be paid to John Oxley,
sole executor of Ann Standin, widow, deceased, who has claimed the
same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out
his claim thereto.
LENGLAND.—
AnK
Aoclaimed Dividends.—

Application havi
the Governors of the Bank oe

ct the payment of one dividend on the sum of
£8,513 13s. 3d. Conso.
ated £3 per Cent. Annuities, and o
 dividend


o o e
TRBERT NOY.
THOMAS 


t Esquire,

RE MAM CRAWLEY, of
Whit.
OR A GE ER A .
Westminster,
lil-pl.
Esquire, and GEOL,
E BADEN CRAWLEY, of same place, Esquire,
and which dividends
rpai  over
the Commissioners for
Redun.
of the National Debt in consequence of the first
ror.


1.

soe e e e is
1, n
hereby given, that, on the expiration of the
emonth
om this date,
the said Dividends will be paid to Thomas
tor  Nyes and G

Baden Crawley, the survivors, who ha v ef
ned the same, unless
toa hall sooneran

some o
ce n n n e r ete
at  a a n
tet ei t his
BANK o   o n,
LAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—A
pli¬
vn ing been made to the Governors
catio
the e
ank of Eng¬
land to Direct the Re-transter from the Commissioners for th e e
T


Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in
toe es o MOST.
W.
SO TELL. of Spalding,
incolnshire, gentleman,
.
HEBARD MARTELL, of Bucklerst
solicitor,
CLARA
BURGES FRY, of Manor-terrace, Manor-street. .
them spinste
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in conse.
ne
the De i e er
te ereon having remaine 

10th
October, 1851;—Notice is hereby given, th
on the expiration of the e
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon Paid, to Clara Burges Fry, the survivor, who has

me other claimant shall sooner appear and
n e e e e¬
ta i e ete
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of
ENGLAND.—No. 4,473.—The DARLINGTON.—Whereas a cause
has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of England on
behalf of Adam Cleghorn, of Berwick-upon-Tweed, Master Mariner.
Master of the ship or vessel Darlington, against the said vessel, her
tackle, apparel, and furniture, now lying at the New Crane, Wapping,
under arrest, by virtue of a warrant issued from the Registry of the
said Court, and no appearance has been entered in the said cause;—
This is to give notice to all persons who have, or claim to have, an¬
RIGHT, Title, or interest in the said Vessel, that if an appearance
in the said cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court
within six days from the publication of this notice, the Judge of the
said Court will order the said vessel to be sold to answer the claims in¬
stituted or to be instituted against the same, or make such order in the
premises as to him shall seem right. —Dated the 19th day of May, 1868.
H. A. BATHURST, Assistant-Reg
Notice of sale of ship taken out by Rothery and Co., No. 6, Godli¬
man-street, Doctors'-commons, London.
NOTICE of ALTERATION of SURNAME.—
Notice is hereby given, that CHARLES GRANT GRANT, of
Bylock-hall, Ponder's-end, in the county of Middlesex, gentleman, and
who had previously borne and been called by the name of Charles Grant
Eady, by a deed poll under his hand and seal, bearing date the 19th day
of March, 1868, and duly enrolled in Her Majesty's High Court of
Chancery, did declare that from the date thereof he did DISUSE the
SURNAME of EADY, and assumed and adopted in the place and
stead thereof, and intended to retain and use, the surname of Grant
solely, and by such surname of Grant to be designated, called, and
known, as well in writing as erally, and for every purpose whatsoever,
and in all deeds and documents, bills, notes and receipts, actions.
suits, and other proceedings, and on every occasion; and he thereby
requested and authorized every and all person and persens by the sur¬
name of Grant solely him and his issue to call, designate, and ad¬
e
dress. —Dated the 1.
GRANTHAM R. DODD, Jun., 26, New Broad-street, E.C.
Solicitor for the said Charles Grant Grant.
NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs respectfully to inform her customers and ladies of the nobl¬
lity her establishment will in future be CLOSED at 5 o'clock on Satur¬
days.—92, Regent-street.
ACLAYTON and Co., Atlas Works, Woodfield¬
road, Harrow-road, W.—Patent Brick, Tile, and Drain-pipe
Machinery.—Whereas certain workmen, recently in our employ,
having issued a circular, signed "Paine, Slaughter, and Amor," repre¬
senting that the business of the above works had ceased to be carried
on, and that they were engaged in the manufacture of similar ma¬
chines to those for which we have obtained a world-wide reputation,
and they having sent such circulars to our customers, and such circu¬
lars having been deliberately framed to deceive them and the public
generally, we, on Saturday last, applied for and obtained from Vice¬
Chancellor Sir Richard Malins an INJUNCTION, restraining the
above workmen from publishing or circulating the said circular, or
from otherwise representing or inducing, or attempting to induce, any
person or persons to believe that our business is no longer carried on
and whereas the above workmen having, also, while in our employ,
improperly made use of numerous valuable patterns of machinery be¬
longing to us, the Vice-Chancellor Malins also granted an Injunction
restraining them from making use of any such patterns or any castings
taken therefrom. — Dated this 18th day of May, 1868.
H. CLAYTON and Co.
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Queen
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONLY
ADDRESS is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—The CISTERN and other FILTERS,
officially adopted by Government for the Abyssinian army, the
iron-plated ships, barracks, military stores, &c., and so highly spoken
of by Dr. Frankland during the late visitation of cholera (see The
Times, Oct. 24th, 1866), can only be obtained at ATKINS's, 62, Fleet-st.
CAUTION.—ENAMELLED SLATE.—The public
are respectfully cautiond
tonets nst the numerous imitations now
being made of MAGNUS's ENAMELLED SLATE; for the most part
wretched attempts, and the best of which bear no comparison to the
productions of the inventor and original patentee, each of which is
marked "Magnus."—The Pimlico Slate Works, 153, 155, and 157,
Buckingham Palace-road, S.W
MAUTION.—
t Safes.—The

ICE
MPANY give notice th e
AO , or

RE
ice safe of their manufacture, rs t tht.

fixed to the inside, to imitate which is felony. This notice has become
necessary.
consequence of the numerous imitations d

rators of an inferi pe
represented to be the same as
they sell. Sole office. Wenham Lake Ice Con¬
rand, .C.
140, 08.
a
LOCEANN 
CAUTION
d LAND TELEGR PH YE.

Proprietors of the Letters Patent granted to Mr. W. P.
PIGGOTT he re e
toe tice, th a t t
coedings will be instituted.
against all parties infringing such patents, and that proceedings are

tet e ourt of Chancery to restrs,
he
fringement.
of a.
ti e o ts Patents by the an g oeae n
ican Telegraph Company.
taee 8, Lincolns¬
May 18,
field
CAUTION.—The PISTON FREEZING M.
THINE
 ICE COMPANY beg to inform the public that th

taken over th e ie
Sim
se th e late Georon.
on, including those
valuable patents Ash's cel

lachine, Ash's
Filtering ice Safes, &c. They further notily that the Company has no


the future
 of their patented articles will be supplied but from
the Company's sole office, 3156, Oxford-street, near Harewood-gates.
CAUTION.—In consequence of frequent misrepre¬
sentations, E. MOSES and SON, merchant tailors, outfitters, &c.,
find it necessary to state that thay do not employ any travellers or
agents, and that their only establishments are the undermentioned:—
London Houses.
forner of Minories and Aldgate.
rt-street.

Corner of
toetenham-court-road and En¬
on-road.
th Bradford,
Country Bre.
kshre.
CAUTION.
Thomas DeLa Rue and
Ba Vegetable
Parchment.—This article having


sssasestm
ee
Tci P ENT for
EGETABLE PARCH
LENT
was E.

C.

sess.
the pe e e tes or th

nts will be prosecuted as infringers.
batod.


German
Spa. Brighton.—
CAUTION.—Royal
STRUVE and Co. request
public to observe carefully that
Strave's name is o .



aters, without which, though contained in Struve's bottles, it
of
taeir.

Aacnture. h e r qe en
at on  .

pp

pat

hy.
s of the terms"
elters,"
ghton
c to.
wa


a
no
 Struve's Mineral
teie alike to the public and to Struve and
Waters are;




ae Co, chymists to
iesty, 1 .

ta n , a
by all resucctable chymists in
kingdom.
