A VERITE.—Cornwall, per W. H., 4th May—17th

November, 1877, received £120 9s. 2d.
BF. to A. D.—No letter on Wednesday, Hope
nothing is wrong, i wish you would give me another. B. B. to
settle everything. Yours, P. F.
IF MARY SAYER, the daughter of John Sayer,
formerly of Ipswich, in the county of Suffolk, deceased, will
APPLY to Messrs. Gepp and Sons. Solicitors, Chelmsford, Essex, she
will hear of something to her advantage.
THE GENTLEMAN who gave his CARD to a
brother Australian at Moorgate-street Station, on Saturday last,
at 11 o'clock, is requested to enclose another to J. Tottenham, 4, Cam¬
bridge-gardens, Richmond, Surrey.
THE GENTLEMAN who TRAVELLED from
INVERNESS to PERTH on the evening of Thursday, the 8th
inst., and thence the following morning to Edinburgh, will greatly
oblige his travelling companion by SENDING his NAME and AD¬
DRESS, near Goodwood, to C. H. S., Junior United Service Club.
ROBERT HUNTER, son of the late David Hunter,
of Poulton, near Lasswade, Midlothian, Scotland, if living, or if
dead his personal representative, is entitied to money to a considerable
amount. The said Robert Hunter was resident in Liverpool in the
year 1814, and is believed to have sailed thence for India (probably
Calcutta) in the Kingsmill or other ship belonging to Messrs. Gladstone
and Grant, in that year, but nothing further is known of him. The said
Robert Hunter, if alive, or any person having knowledge of him or his
family, is requested forthwith to COMMUNICATE with the under¬
signed solicitors; and notice is hereby given, that should no reply be
received to this advertisement within four months from the date here¬
of, application will be made by the personal representative of
Euphemia Colquhoun, deceased, who at her death claimed to be the
sole surviving sister and only next of kin of the said Robert Hunter, to
the Probate Division of Her Majesty's High Court of Justice for a
Grant of Letters of Administration to the personal estate of the said
Robert Hunter. —Dated this 15th day of October, 1877.
LE BLANC, TORR, and TAYLOR, 7, King's-road, Bedford-¬
row W.C., Londen, Solicitors.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.— AB¬
SCONDED. JOHN DAWSON SHEPHERD, late of No. 12,
Malpas-road, New-cross, in the county of Kent, banker's clerk.—
Whereas a warrant has been issued by the Lord Mayor for the appre¬
hension of the said John Dawson Shepherd, upon a charge of stealing
certain moneys, the property of his employers. He was seen about
March or April last in Belgium, but is believed to be now in London
or elsewhere, in England. He is about 39 years of age, 5 feet 9 inches
in height, gray eyes, light hair, slightly bald, fair complexion, bigh
shouldered, stooped a little, slight sandy whiskers, no beard, and no
moustache, medium figure Notice is hereby given, that the above
reward of £100 will be paid to the person who will give such INFOR¬
MATION as shall lead to the apprchension and conviction of the said
John Dawson Shepherd, within six months from this date. Informa¬
tion to be givon to Messrs. Mullens and Bosanquet, No. 11, Queen
Victoria- treet, London, E.C., or to Inspector Bailey, Police-office, 26,
Old Jewry, London, E.C.—Dated this 8th day of November, 1877.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £139 12s. 5d., Consolidated
£3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of BEN¬
JAMIN CUTTON, of Afton-house, Isle of Wight, Esquire, and lev.
ROBERT OAKMAN, of Martock, Somerset, Clerk, and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1866; Notice
is hereby given, that on the expiration of threemonths from this date.
the said Stock will be Transferred and the Divinends thereon paid to
Cornelia Cotton, widow Benjamin Temple Cotton, and James
Eldridge, Executors of Benjamin Cotton, deceased who was the sur¬
vivor, who have claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE Probate Divorce
and Admiralty Division (Divorce) To WILLIAM NEVILLE late
of Richmond in the County of Surrer but now of Brisbane in Queens¬
land Australia Take Notice that a CITATION has issued against you
at the instance of Georgiana Neville of Kingston upon Thames in the
County of Surrey your lawful Wife citing you to appear in the above
Court then and there to make answer to the Petition filed by the said
Georgiana Neville praying for a dissolution of her marriage with you
and such Citation contains an intimation that in default of your so
doing the Court will proceed to hear the Pet tion proved in due course
of law and to pronounce sentence therein And that for the purpose
aforesaid you hre to attend in person or by your Solicitor at the Di¬
vorce Registry of the Court at Somerset House Strand in the County
of Middlesox and there to enter an appearance in a book provided for
that purpose without which you will not be allowed to address the
Court either in person or by Counsel at any stage of the proceedings
in the Cause
Lte
LOST at Folkestone, early this month, £50 BANK
NOTE, a £20, and three £5 Notes. The finder will be properly
REWARDED. Address F. S., care of Wm. Dawson and Sons. 121,
Cannon-street, London E.C.
FOUND, a LARGE BLACK DOG, on the 8th No¬
vember. Apply, by letter only stating full particulars, A. B.,
No. 1, Little Essex-Street, Strand. If not owned in four days will be
sold to pay expenses.
TO BANKERS and others.—Notice is hereby given,
that UNLESS the undermentioned GOODS, viz.—9 Casks Oil, en¬
tered by A. H. Mobsby, 17th December, 1874, Carron-wharf, war¬
rant, No. 84; 14 Casks Oll, entered by A. H. Mobsby, 17th December,
1874, Carron-wharf warrant. No. 95; 15 Casks Fish Oil, entered by A.
H. Mobsby, 13th March, 1875, Carron-wharf warrant, No. 101, are RE¬
MOVED, and the charges paid in full within 14 days from the present
date, they will be SOLD by Public AUCTION. Warrants Nos. 94 and
95 are deliverable to Henry Layland by special endorsement, and No.
101 deliverable to A. Warcus, and the last known holder of these
three warrants was Mr. Edwin Handley, Iron Tinplate and Metal
Merchant, 7. Burlington-chambers, New-street, Birmingham.—HENRY
WHITE, Wharfinger —Carron-wharf, 87, Lower East Smithfield, Lon¬
don, E., November 17th. 1877.
CHARITY COMMISSION.—In the Matter of the
CHARITIES created by the will of JOHN ROW, bearing date
the 8th day of September, 1824, for the benefit of the poor members of
the Society of Friends, and in the Matter of "The Charitable Trusts
Acts. 1853 to 1869." By direction of the Board of Charity Commissioners
for England and Wales, notice is hereby given, that an ORDER is pro¬
posed to be made by them, after the expiration of one calendar month,
to be computed from the first publication of this notice, dis¬
charging Edgar Gilkes of Middleshore-on-Tees, Ironmaster, from
acting as the administrator of the funds of the abovementioned
Charities, and APPOINTING NEW TRUSTEES of the said
Charities, and giving such incidental directions as may be necessary
or proper in relation to such appointment. The following persons
have been proposed to the Charity Commissioners for appointmert as
Trustees of the said Charities, namely : Edward Marsh, of 12, Bishops¬
gate-street without, in the City of London. Accountant; Edward
Hack Darton, of 28, Steward-street, Spitalfields, Silk Manufacturer;
Charles Heath Warner, of 1, Finsbury-square. Chymist; John Bur¬
nett Tylor, of Stamford-hill, Varnish Manufacturer; Edward Ran¬
some Allen, of 7, Cowper-street, City-road, Drug Grinder; and Met¬
ford Warner, of Essex-road, Islington, Paper Stainer, all in the county
of Middlesex. Any objections to the proposed Order, or suggestions
for its modification, may be transmitted in writing to the Secretary
of the said Commissioners, Whitehall, London, within 21 days next
after the first publication of this notice.—Dated this 14th day of
November.
HENRY M. VANE, Secretary.
RICHARD SMITH, 7. New-square, Lincoln's-inn, Solicitor.
IN the Matter of LETTERS PATENT granted to
DANIEL CLARK, of the city of Carlisle, in the county of Cum¬
berland, Ironfounder, for certain Improvements in Stench-trapped
Guilles, dated the 27th day of May, 1864, and in the 27th year of the
reign of her present Majesty Queen Victoria.—Notice is hereby given,
that Daniel Clark, of the city of Carlisle, in the county of Cumber¬
land, Ironfounder, intends to apply by petition, under and by virtue
of the 9th section of an Act made and passed in the Session of Parlia¬
ment holden in the 5th and 6th years of His late Majesty King Wil¬
liam IV., Chapter 83, intituled "An Act to amend the Law touching
Letters Patent for Inventions," to Her Matesty in Council for a
PROLONGATION of his TERMS of SOLE USING and VENDING
an INVENTION for "Improvements in Stench-trapped Gullies," for
which letters patent were granted to the said Daniel Clark, bearing
date the 27th day of May. 1864, in the 27th year of the Reign of Her
bresent Maest Queen Victoria. And notice is hereby further given,
that the said Daniel Clark intends to apply by counsel to the Judicial
Committee of the Privy Council on the 24th day of December next,
or if the said Judicial Committee shall not sit on that day, at the then
next sitting of the said Judicial Committee, for a time to be fixed for
hearing the matter of his said petition; and that on or before the said
24th day of December, 1877, notice must be given of any opposition in¬
tended to be made to the said petition, and any person intending to
oppose the said application must lodge a caveat to that effect at the
Council office on or before that date.—Dated this 15th day of Novem¬
ber, 1877. SHARP and ULLITHORNE, Solicitors for the said

NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP
heretofore subsisting between us, the undersigned William Gas¬
coyne the elder, of Leamington, in the county of Warwick, Builder and
Contractor; James Gascoyne, of Beckenham, in the county of Kent,
Builder and Contractor, and William Gascoyne the younger, of Lea¬
mington aforesaid, Builder and Contractor, carrying on business at
Leamington and Beckenham aforesaid as Builders and Contractors
under the style or firm of W. Gascoyne and Sons, was, so far as relates
to that part of the business which is carried on at Beckenham afore¬
said, this day DISSOLVED by mutual consent. Dated this 31st day
of October, 1877.
W. GASCOYNE, Sen.
asesre
W. GASCOYNE, Jun.
BARIS EXHIBITION.—Mr.
AMAURICE EMA¬
NUEL, Jeweller to H.M. the Queen, H.R.H. the Prince of Wales,
&c., 27, Rue Laffitte, Paris, is prepared to enter into arrangements
with first class ENGLISH HOUSES desirous of being REPRE¬
SENTED at the forthcoming Exhibition.—Maurice Emanuel, 27, Rue¬
affitte, Pavis, and E. and E. Emanuel, 101, High-street, Portsmonth.
PARIS EXHIBITION, 1878.—SHOW CASES and
STANDS, manufactured by steam machinery, for SALE or
HIRE. Designes on application.—CHAS JEFFREYS, 103, Hatton¬
as
CATTLE SHOW, Agricultural-hall, Dec. 10.—
SPACE to be LET, for the exhibition and sale of models and
machinery, horticultural implements, poultry fittings, washing ma¬
chines, sewing machines, fancy goods and toys, in the Gallery of St.
Mary's-hall communicating with the Cattle Show. For particulars
apply to S. Sidney, Secretary, Agricultural-hall Company (Limited),
Barford-street, Islington.
REGISTERED TRADE MARK, Capitan General,
—Caution.—The trade mark Capitan General, as registered in
pursuance of the Act of Parliament 38 and 39 Vic., cap. 91, being the
exclusive property of S. VAN RAALTE and SONS, Clgar Merchants,
of No. 189, Piccadilly, W., No. 2, Glasshouse-street, Regent-quadrant,
and No. 91, Fenchurch-street, in the City of London, notice is
hereby given, that legal proceedings will be immediately laken to pre¬
vent every or any infringement thereof. —Dated this 8th day of Novem¬
ber, 1877.—HILLEARYS and TAYLOR, 5, Fenchurch-ouildings,
City, E.C., Solicitors for the said S. Van Raalte and Sons.
FOR SALE, NEW IRON STEAM TUG, 60ft.
by 9ft. by Thaft. deep; also several New Tug and Launch Engines

FOR SALE, the SCOTIA, paddle steamship, 3,871
tons, 1,000-horse power, lately employed in the Cunard Com¬
pany's service. Apply to James and George Thomson, Clyde Bank
Foundry, Glasgow.
DVOWSON for SALE of a LIVING in a Southern
Home County. Capital house. Restored church. Net income
about £400 per annum. Immediate possession. Apply to Mr. II. W.

ADVOWSON for SALE of a PARISH, close to a
Cathedral City in the West of England. Handsome church,
lately restored. Capital house and grounds. Net income approaching
£800 per annum. Immediate possession. Apply to Mr. H. W. Bagster,
No. 14, Southampton-street, Strand.
ADVOWSON for SALE, within 50 miles of London,
near a station. There is a superior gentleman's house (10 bed
rooms), stables, &c., and net income of £300 per annum with prospect
of immediate possession, and a certainty of increase to £500 per annum.
Price moderate. Address Mr. James Beck, 27, Bedford-street, Strand,
London, W.C.
DYOWSON for SALE, with prospect of immediate
possession (interest until a vacancy).—A RECTORY, on the
borders of the counties of Oxford, Worcester, and Warwick. Income
about £800 per annum net, exclusive of a superior family house. For
particulars and price principals or solicitors are referred to Mr. James
Beck, 27, Bedford-street, Strand, W.C.
ADVOWSON for SALE, in a good part of North¬
amptonshire, 60 miles from London. A capital house and £260
per annum net from land. Immediate possession. For particulars
address Mr. James Beck, 27, Bedford-street, Strand, W.C.
DYOWSON, South Coast, near a good town.
Income nearly £400 per annum net and comfortable new house,
good garden. Prospect of immediate possession. Price very mode¬
rate. Address Mr. James Beck, 27, Bedford-street.
DVOWSON (immedate SALE desired) of a valuable
BENEFICE in Leicestershire. Good neighbourhood. The nett
income is about £700 a year, and a house could be built. Prospect of
very early possession. Population about 1,000. The price will be
moderafe, as an early sale is desired. Principals only address Mr. W.
Emery Stark, 23, Bedford-street, Strand, W.C.
DVOWSON for SALE of a RECTORY, well
situate on the borders of Somerset and Dorset, near a first-class
market town and railway station. Restored church. Superior family
residence, offices, lawn, and gardens. Net income about £440. In¬
cumbent has the offer of other preferment. Principals or solicitors
are referred to Messrs. Newman and Lyon, Solicitors, 1, Clement's¬
inn, or to Mr. Ancona, 8, John-Street, Adelphi.
FINE TONED CHINESE GONGS, from 30s. each,
admirably adapted for yachts, dinner bell, &c., at the oldeesta¬
blished Chinese and Japanese Warehouse, 39, King William-street,
London-bridge.—H. W. GOODE and Co.
TO be SOLD, for £36 15s. (cost £55), a superb
SERVICE of TEAPOT, Coffeepot, Sugar Basin, and Cream
Ewer, weighing over 81 ounces, exquisitely chased design, manufac¬
tured by one of the first firms in the trade, and in condition equal to
new, May be seen at Waes and MoCulloch's, 86, Cheapside,
