QUEEN.—Letter received causes intense joy; vour
return eagerly looked for. Write again to your devoted Subject.
THE RAVEN-SPRING.—The living draught, For
ever flows, through dark of night, through shine of day. Bright
runs the sparkling water fresh and free. Welcome the precious drink—

A.T. D, and CORIANDER will oolige the Editors of
the London Amateur by SENDING their ADDRESSES to
the office, 68, Red Lion-Street, W. C.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE Probate
Divorce and Admiralty Division (Probate) To the NEXT of
KIN (if any) and all other persons in general having or pretending to
have any interest in the personal Estate of ANN FLACK late of
Sible Hedingham in the County of Essex Widow deceased. Taks
Notice that a CITATION has issued under Seal of Her Majestys
Court of Probate dated the 22nd day of February 1878 whereby the
next of kin (if any) and all persons in general are cited to appear
within 30 days and accept or refuse letters of administration of the
personal Estate of the said Ann Flack deceased or show cause why
the same should not be granted to Robert Curtis a creditor of the
said deceased with an intimation that in default of your appearance
the said letters of administration will be granted to the said Robert
Curtis.
EDWARD F. JENNER Registrar.
ALDRIDGE and THORN 31 Bedford Row Solicitors for
Robert Curtis
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand, W. C.—
President, Lord OVERSTONE.—The Governors thankfully AC¬
KNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of £5 5s. from Messrs. Baiss, Brothers,
and Co.—HENRY WOOLCOTT, Sec.
OREADNOUGHT. —SEAMENS HOSPITAL,
Greenwich, S.E.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEIPT of the following SUMS, to aid them in meeting the
Christmas bills, now due, which amount to upwards of £2,000.—
W. Gonne, Esq., £5; Mrs. Price, £5.—HENRY C. BURDETT. Secre¬
THE VICTORIA HOSPITAL for CHILDREN,
Queen's-road, Chelsea, and Churchfields, Margate.—Patroness:
H.R.H. The Princess LOUISE.—The Committee gratefully AC¬
KNOWLEDGE  DONATION of £10 10s. from Mrs. Ewing Courwen,
in aid of the funds of this unendowed Charity.—W. C. BLOUNT,

THE VICTORIA HOSPITAL for CHILDREN,
Queen's-road, Chelsea, and Churchfields, Margate.—Patroness,
H.R.H. the Princess LOUISE.—The Committee gratefully AC¬
KNOWLEDGE a DONATION of £50 from J. J. Thomson, Esq.,
and a Douation of £21 from Wilfred C. Thomson, Esq., in aid of the
funds of this unendowed Charity.—Commander BLOUNT, R.N.,
Secretary.
LOST, on Monday afternoon, a LADYS GOLD
CHAIN, with Pencil and Gilt Keys attached. Any person re¬
turning the same to 84, Sloane-street, Belgravia, shall be liberally
REWARDED.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday,
the 24th inst., in Hyde-park, a GOLD HALF HUNTER
WATCH, with the initials J. L. engraved on the back; the maker's
name (Alex. Guillaume) engraved inside. Any person taking the same
to Mr. Gaze, 297, Liverpool-road, Islington, shall receive the above

LOST, from King-street, St. James's-square, a BLACK
and TAN COLLEY DOG, with a white fore foot. Answers to
the name of Ben. Any one taking him to 9, King-street, St. James's-¬
square, shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
LOST on Wednesday the 6th inst., a LIGHT¬
COLOURED SKYE TERRIER; answers to the name of Toby.
Whoever will take the same to Jackson's Library, Albion-street, Hyde¬
park-square, shall receive £5 REWARD. No further sum will be
given.
ONE POUND REWARD.—DOG LOST—a York¬
shre Terrier, blue and tan, answers to the name of Bob—in Pall¬
mall or St. James's-street, at midday on 20th inst. Any one taking
the dog to 51, Connaught-street, W., shall be paid above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST on Sunday,
February 24, between 4 and 5 p.m., a SMALL BLACK and TAN
TOY TERRIER DOG; answers to the name of Puck. Whoever will
take the same to 100, Eaton-square shall receive the above rey
N.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
last, about 1 o'clock, in Gloucester-road, South Kensington, be¬
tween the station and the corner of Cromwell-road, a SMALL, wenl¬
bred PUG DOG, with short, black muzzle and mask. Whoever will
restore the same to Mrs. Taylor, 12, Queen's-gate-gardens, S.W., shall
receive the above reward. No further reward will be offered.
NOTICE.—The OFFICERS of the 11th (Prince
Albert's Own) HUSSARS will NOT be RESPONSIBLE for
any DEBTS contracted by their MESSMAN.—W. BALFE, Brevet¬
Major, President Mess Committee, 11th P. A. O. Hussars. Cavary

CANNON-STREET HOTEL, E.C.—Notice is hereby
given, that all LUGGAGE left at the above Hotel, and not claimed
and redeemed on or before the 6th of March, will be SOLD, and the
balance (if any) remaining after payment of debt and expenses will be
returned to the owners on application to the undersigned.
E. H. RAND, Manager.
ORTHODOX CHURCHMEN willing to join a New
Ecclesiastical Political Organization are requested to COMMU¬
NICATE with Fides, care of J. W. Vickers, General Advertising
offices, Nicholas-lane, E.C.
THE ARTIZANS' and LABOURERS' DWEL¬
LINGSIMPROVEMENT ACT. 1875.—The METRO POLISIEssex¬
road, islington) IMPROVEMENT SCHEME, 1873.—I hereby give
notice, that having been duly appointed in this behlf by the Right
Honourable Richard Assheton Cross, one of Her Majesty's Principal
Secretaries of State. I shall hold a PUBLIC INQUIRY at the Vestry¬
hall of St. Mary, Islington, Upper-street, N., on Thursday, the 29th
day of February, 1878, at 10.39 a.m., with respect to the above-men¬
tioned Scheme, for the purpose of making an inquiry into the correct¬
ness of the official representations made to the Metropolitan Board of
Works by the Medical Officer of Health to the Parish of St. Mary.
Islington, as to the area to which the inquiry relates being an un¬
healthy area, and into the sufficiency of the Scheme provided for its
improvement, and into any local objections which may be made to

A copy of the said official representations and of the Scheme, accom¬
panied by maps distinguishing the lands proposed to be taken, and by
particulars and estimates, may be seen at my offices, undermentioned,
at all reasonable hours. —Dated this 7th day of February, 1878.
D. CUBITT NICHOL, 7, Howard-street, Strand, W.C.
PPLICATION for a LICENCE of the BOARD of
TRADE.—Notice is hereby given that, in pursuance of the 23rd
Section of the Companies Act, 1857, application has been made to the
Board of Trade for a Licence directing an Association about to be
formed, under the name of the CHURCH of ENGLAND GENERAL
TEMPERANCE FINANCE ASSOCIATION, to be registered with
limited liability without the addition of the word "Limited" to its
name.
The objects for which the Association is proposed to be established
are:—
The acquiring of moneys, funds, and estates, both real and personal,
by gift, subscription, devise, bequest, purchase, or otherwise (but as
regards lands, and property savouring of realty, so far only as the
Association lawfully may acquire the same by virtus of the Licence of
the Board of Trade or otherwise), and the appropriation and distribu¬
tion of the same, and of the income arising therefrom, or from the
sale or conversion thereof, in all or some or one of the ways, or for all
or some or one of the purposes hereinafter mentioned, that is to say,
to and amongst the Churen of England Temperance Society, within
the respective Provinces of Canterbury and York, for the time being,
but especially for and towards establishing, within the said Provinces
of Canterbury and York, respectively, a Church of England Temper¬
ance Sick and Burial Society, with branches in connetion with the
same, in all the parishes in the various dioceses of the said Provinces
of Canterbury and York, when such last named Society is duly regis¬
tered in conformmity with the provisions of the Friendly Societies Act.
and, generally, in providing for the maintenance and furtherance of
the work of the Church of England Temperance Society, and the
Church of England Temperance Sick and Burial Society when esta¬
blished, and doing all such things as are incidental or conducive to
the attainment of the above objects, or any of them.
Notice is hereby further given, that any person, company, or corpo¬
ration objecting to this application may bring such objection before
the Board of Tlade on or before the thirteenth day of March next,
by a letter addressed to the Assistant Secretary, Railway Degartment,
Board of Trade, Whtehall, London, S.W.
Dated thir eighteenth day of February, 1878.
RICHARD JORDAN, 123, Chancery-lane, London, W. C.,
Agent to the said Association
NOTICE is Hereby Given, That on the 24th day of
January, 1878, James Wylie Gnild, Accountant in Glasgow
Judicial Factor on the TRUST ESTATE of the deceased Sir REGI¬
NALD MACDONALD STEUART SETON Bart., of Staffa and
Touch, under a Trust-Disposition dated 21st May, and registered in
the Books of Council and Session 4th June. 1827, granted by the said
Sir Reginald Macdonald Steuart Seton, therein designed Ranald Mac¬
donald, Esq., in favour of the now deceased Richard Campbell, Writer
to the Signet, and also Judicial Factor on the Trust Estate of the said
deceased Sir Reginald Macdonald Steuart Seton, under his Trust Dis¬
position and pettlement, dated 30th January, and registered in the
Books of Councd and Session 9th June, 1833, raised in the Court of
Session in Scotland an action of Multiplepoinding, Exoneration, and
Discharge, for the purpose of distributing the means and estate of the
said Sir Reginald Macdonald Steuart Seton among the persons who
should be found entitied thereto.
In which action Lord Rutherfurd Clark (Ordinary) has pronounced
the fellowing INTERLOCUTOR:—
"221 February 1878.—Lord Rutherfurd Clark—Act. Mackay, Alt.
The Lord Ordinary finds the pursuer liable only in once and single
payment; holds the Condescendence annexel to the Summous as the
Condescendence of the Fund in medio; appoints due intimation of
the dependence of this process to be made to all concerned by adver¬
tisement once a-week, for four consecutive weeks, in the following
newspapers, viz.:—The London Times, the Edinburgh Courant, the
Scotsman, the Glasgow Herald, the Hamilton Advertiser, the Stirling
Journal, and the Oban Times, and appoints all parties claiming an in¬
terest in the fund to lodge their Condescendences and Claims by the
Second Sederunt Day in May next.
(Signed) "AND. R. CLARK."
Of all which intimation is hereby given, in terms of the above inter¬
locutor, in order that all persons concerned may, if so advised, lodge
clamns on the estate of the said Sir Reginald Macdonald Steuart Seton
by the Second Sederunt Day in May next.
JOHN STEWART, W.S., Agent for the Judicial Factor.
Albyn Place, Edinourge, 22d February 1878.
MANAWATU LAND ORDERS.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the 30th day November, 1877, an Act was passed
by the General Assembly of New Zealand, intituled an Act to provide
for the satisfaction of certain Land Orders issued by the New Zealand
Company, and theretofore exercised in the Manawatu or Horowhenua
districts, within the aforesaid Company's settlement at Wellington.
The attention of every person claiming under any such Land Orders
as aforesaid is drawn to the provisions of the said Act next follow¬
ing, that is to say:—
Every person claiming land within the Provincial District of Wel¬
lington under any Land Order originally issued by the New Zealand
Company, and which has been exercised in the Manawatu or Horow¬
henua Districts, must, within 12 months from the 30th November, 1877,
if he be a resident in the Colony, and within two years from such date
if he be resident elsewnere, give notice in writing, by himself or his
agent to the Commissioner appointed for the District of Wellington
under the Ordinance of the Legisiative Council of the Islands of New
Zealand, Session 11, No. 15, for the heating and decision of his claim
under the provisions of the said Act, and at the time of making his
application for the satisfaction of his clain must lodge with the Com¬
missioner the origmal land order under which he claims to be entitled
to select any section of land, unless such land order shall previously
ha been lodged with the Commissioner no claim can be heard and
determied until such original land order is lodged, or proof of the
loss given to the satisfaction of the Commissioner.
The Commissioner will report to the Governer the name of the per¬
son found to be entitled to land under any particular land order the
particular number thereof, the fact of such land order having been
louged with him, or of his having received satisfactory proof of the
loss thereof, and the amount in value stated in such land order, such
report is to be considered and lapproved by the Governor in Council,
and forthwith published in the New Zealand Gazette, with the date
of the approval attsthed thereto.
Notification of the Governor's approval is a sufficient warrant to the
Commissioner to issue to the persons named in such approved report
as heing entitled to land, sctip for the amount of money originally
paid for the land order under which any such persons have been found
to be entitied, together with compensasion to the amount of £1 for
every £1 stening represented by ench land order added thereto; so
that every person found entitled shall feceive £2 in value for every
20s. in value to which he shall have been found entitled, except in
cases of lost land orders, in which case proceedings must be taken
under the Lost Land Orders Act, 1861.
No scnip can be delivered by the Commissioner until the land order
in satisfaction of which such scrip is issued has been cancelled by

Upon the receipt of scrip all the right, title, interest, claim, and de¬
mand of the person to whom the same is issued, and of all other per¬
sons whatsoever, to the land in respect of which scrip shall have been
issued is extinguished; and the issue of such scrip is, both at law and
in equity, a full and complete performance by the Crown, on behalf of
the New Zealand Company, of the contract or obligation of the Com¬
pany in respect of which such scrip shall have been issued.
All scrip to be issued under the authority of the said Act is trans¬
ferable and is receivable as cash by the Receiyer of Land Revenue, in or
towards the purchase of waste lands of the Crown in any part of the
provincial district of Wellington, but not elsewhere, and must be exer¬
oised within five years from the date of its issue ; claims for the exer¬
cise of scrip not made within such period of five years are barred.
The Commissioner cannot entertain or investigate any claims in
which the claimant shall not have notified his intention to have his
claim heard and decided under the provisions of the said Act within
the time limited for making such application. All claimants failing
to avail themselves of the provisions of the said Act are barred, and
their claim extinguished by reason of such default.
Claimants not resident within the Colony of New Zealand should
forthwith appoint a duly authorized agent to do and perform what¬
ever may be requisite to obtain, the benetit of the said Act.—Dated
at Wellington this 4th day of January, 1878.
(Signed) DAVID LEWIS, a Commissoner for the purposes
of the above referred to Act.
THE TELEPHONE.—In order to prevent any future
INFRINGEMENT, in ignorance of patentees' uights, this is to
give notice that the undersigned are instructed to take legal proceed¬
ings forthwith against the makers, sellers, or users of unauthorized
telephones. —Dated this 22d day of February, 1878.
NASH and FIELD, Solicitors for the Patentees,
No. 12, Queen-street, E.C.
