SVER SAME.

THERE is a second letter for PA, at the same post¬
office, from H., if PA will only WRITE for it.—4.
SOMFORTED. Hone rekindled. Will the R. ever
return? Pray WRITE. Special reason.
JJOSEPH ENGLISH, SEND your ADDRESS to
34, High-street, Kensingtd.
TO T. T. TIN.—Your friends most earnestly entreat
you for th e e
f ather and mother to put them in imme¬
diate and direct COMMUNICATION with yot
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—To Hotelkeepers

abmen, and others.—Mt
ING, "C. V.
"a young man, ane
22 years; height, 5 feet 7 inches; complexion, fair (freckled); eyes,
blue ;ha a
ub
 Has been mate of a ship. He was last
hear
oe th ult 
te  e called at Mr. Parkins, outfitter
No      eae ee ne
teete e n a four-wheeled
b and took away a
portmantean. Whoever will give such information as to restore th

person to his friends
ll receive the above reward, on appli¬
cation to Mr. Miller, news agent, 1. Little Colleg
ret, Wes

ROBERT CHARLE
BOR R R E SO
 formerly

 the city of Bristol, and whose last known address was the post¬
office, Cornhill, Will.
Ason County, Texas.—Your siste.
Mae a  y, wh de de.
on the 17th January, 1865, after bequeathing certain things specifically
to you, and the sum of £2,000 payable upon the death of your mother,
provide


tite o you shall be deemed lapsed
(and they are give e e e

a wil have heard
nothing of you at the end of
oe enr


sHary Good be dead, any person giving proof thereof
to Messrs. Tilleard
Bo d Co., 34, ae.
ry, London, E.C
shall be
ssess.
LOST, TWO BILLS of EXCHANGE, for £40 each,
dated 12th September, 1865, payable in Paris. Payment stopped.
ONE POUND REWARD will be paid on delivery of the bills at
No. 25, Melton-street, Euston-square
LOST, at the Admiralty Ball, Portsmouth, Sept. 1,
a BRACELET of CAMEOS, set in gold. Any one bringing it to
Charpentler's, Lost and Found Office, High-street, Portsmouth, shall be
handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, on Thursday, Septem
N. 4, a small 6
O DRE
BOX, in a little black silk bag, containing eight or 10 sovereigns,
in th e e i o Holb
The finder may keep five sove¬
eigns by returning the box and the remainder of the soverd
to  to
No. 19, Holland-villas-road, the bottom of Notting-hill.
ONE POUND REWARD,—LOST, a GOLD
PENCIL CASE, at or near Charing-cross, on Monday evening,
the 11th inst. If taken to 45, Botolph-lane, Eastcheap, the above re¬

ONE POUND REWARD.—To Church Clerks and
others who can give INFORMATION respecting the CERTIFI¬
CATES of MARRIAGE of JAMES RANSON with A. CAMERON in
the 17th century; also the death of Mary Ranson, of St. Ann's, West¬
minster. The persons resided in Westminster many years. Direct.
to Mrs. Bailey, stationer, Brixton-hill, Surre.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Wed¬
ar eevenin,
in Portland-place, a ROUGH-HAIRED WHITE
DOG. Apply at 13, Weymouth-street, Portland-place.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday
tente
 in the neighbourhood of Inverness-terrace,
 DIAMOND CROSS. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Morean,
stationer, Queen's-road, Bayswater, shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, in Oxford-street, on September 8, a BLACK
and WHITE SETTER DOG. If not claimed in four days from
this date he will be SOLD. Apply at the Glocester Arms, Park-lane.
TO NOBLEMEN and GENTLEMEN.—Any such
possessing  PICTURE, subject a loaded timber waggon coming
out of a forest with restive horses, size about 5 ft., and will kindly
COMMUNICATE with Mr. W. R. Earl, of Shooters'-hill, will confer
a great favour, it being the companion picture (painted by him for
Captain Barret) to the one exhibited at the British Institution,
No. 166, given there in error as the work of Sir A. W. Callcott, a de¬

IF THOMAS ROSE, block and pump maker, who
left Liverpool about the year 1819, and was last heard from some
ten years later in Lima, South America, will COMMUNICATE with
Mr. Llewellyn, publican, London-road, Liverpool, he will HEAR of
SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE
NEXT of KIN.—Green.—The NEXT of KIN of
B. GREEN, who died abroad (in the East), in 1863, are re¬
quested to APPLY to Mr. Greenwood, Treasury, London.—13th Sep¬
tember, 1865.
GEORGE JOSEPH FERRERS, son of George
Thomas and Mary Ferrers, formerly of Great Pulteney-street,
Golden-square. If any persons can give INFORMATION as to
whether the said George Joseph Ferrers is still living, or, if dead, wher
and where he died and whether he left a child or children him survi¬
ving, they are requested to communicate with the undersigned. The
said George Joseph Ferrers was, in 1842, engaged at an iron foundry in
Liverpool, and was last seen by his relatives in London, in 1844. On
the expiration of three calendar months from this date application will
be made to Her Majesty's Court of Probate, by his next personal repre¬
sentative, for letters of administration to his estate and effects.
WILLIAM LUND, 37, Castle-street, Holborn.
September 15th, 1865.
SECOND INSERTION.—To the Daughters of
George Turney, sormerly of Acton, Middlesex, or their Representa¬
tives.—By the will of Mrs. Mary Ann Turney, formerly of Chipping
Campden, Gloucestershire, the widow of James Turney, of the same place
LEGACIES of £250 were bequeathed to each of the TWO
DAUGHTERS of GEORGE TURNEY, the late brother of her de¬
ceasedihusband, formerly residing at Acton aforesaid, and the testatrix
directed that in case her trustees or trustee should, when the said legacies
became payable, be unable to ascertain the residences of her said nicces,
they should insert an advertisement, requiring the said legatees to claim
their respective legacies, three times in The Times and one other Lon¬
don newspaper, and, in case no claim should be made by her said nieces,
or either of them, upon her executors for such legacies within 12 months
after the last of such insertions, the said legacies thereinbefore be¬
queathed to them, or to either of them, who might omit to claim the
same within the period abovementioned, should sink into and form
part of the residue of her (the testatrix's) estate ; and she directed that
the several legacies by her will given should be vested at her deceased,
and be paid without interest at the end of three months next after the
decease of her stepdaughter Ann Gardner; and she appointed George
Russell Bedford, since deceased, and William Kendall, of Bourton-on¬
the-Water, Gloucestershire gentleman, her trustees and executors.
The testatrix died on the 27th June, 1856, and the said Ann Gardner
died on the 1st day of June, 1865. Notice is hereby given to the said
daughters of the said George Turney, or their representatives, that if
no claim be made by them, or either of them, upon the undersigned
William Kendall, the surviving trustee and executor of the will of the
said Mary Aun Turney, for such legacies, on or before the 30th day of
September, 1866, the legacies of the parties omitting to make such
claim will sink into the residue of the testatrix's estate, and be dis¬
tri amnon
ter residuary legatees. — Dated the 6th day of Septem¬
ber, 1865. W. KENDALL, Bourton-on-the-Water, Gloucestershire.
ST a GENERAL COURT of PROPRIETORS
held at the BANK of ENGLAND, on Thursday, the 14th Sept.,
1865:—
Resolved That the cordial thanks of this Court be given to the
Governor, Deputy-Governor, and Court of Directors of the Bank of
England for their great attention to the affairs of the Corporation,
and their successful management of the same during the pasthalf-year.
Ordered, That the said resolution be advertised in all the dally
morning and evening papers. HAMMOND CHUBB, Secretal
GREAT NOR
S E RE  R A .
SWAY COMPANY.—

fused Property.—Notice is hereby e ine,
that
GEORGE KNIGHT will shert
SELL by pub  ic 
NCTION.

Nae e d-stet,etete oee e
of this Company, the whole of the
G.

pparel, and property of all descriptions, found in
the Company's carriages, or on their premises, or handed to the Com¬
pany for delivery, with an insufficient or incorrect address, or other¬

impro.
or oy cons
e e es e and weheied
te e in the posses¬




nain
nclaimed.

HENRY OAKL
Y, Secre.

ecretary's office, King's-cross, London, Sept. 13, 1865.
CRUELTY to ANIMALS.—The ROYAL SOCIETY
for the PREVENTION of CRUELTY to ANIMALS beg to
announce their Monthly Return of Convictions.
Country. London.	Total.
purins Angust.
8.

451
186

All the cost l t th 
ociety when o f fen ae
committed to
prison; also heavy legal expenses in appeal cases.
The support of the public is urgently needed to prevent a curtail¬
ment of operations. Subscripotion s e donations

by
or through any London or country banker All letters

be addresed to
JOHN COLAM, Sec.

 S. W.
No. 12, lal.
CHOCOLAT MENIER.—MENIER's FRENCH
CHOCOLATE.—Notice is hereby given, that legal proceedings
will be taken under the Merchandise Marks Act, 1862, 25 and 26 Vic.
cap. 88, against any person or persons fraudulently making use of the
trade mark, or the signature, Menier, on the seal or cover, together
with colour of wrapper, form of cakes, &c., arrangement of label,
or otherwise, with the intention of deceiving the public by causing
spurious and inferio 
sold fo r th e g en ine Choe oe.

F. TRUEFITT, Solicitor, 4, Essex-court, Temple,
London.
NOTICE. —Crystal Palace.—REMOVAL of
NOSOTTI's DECORATIONS from the Industrial Court (the
space being required for a new entrance, the Committee having allotted
a special position to Mr. Nosotti). Now facing the Nave, near the
Grand Orchestra.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—30 per Cent. Reduction
in Price.—Messrs. CLARK and Co., sole patentees of self-coil¬
ing Revolving Shutters, beg to announce that they have completed
their extensive works at Rathbone-place, Oxford-street, where all
communications must now be addressed.
HEIDELBERG.—PRINCE CHARLES' HOTEL,
conveniently situate, at the foot of the Castle (north). Fine
view of ruins. Excellent accommodation, with very moderate prices.
Warm baths. Choice and fine wines, which the proprietor, Mr. C. H.
SOMMER, exports to England. Pension in winter
JAXELL's HOTEL, Exeter-hall.—Gentlemen seek¬
ing rooms in this locality, suitable for dinners, Masonic meet¬
ings, evening parties, chamber concerts, wedding breakfasts, amateur
theatricals, &c., are respectfully solicited to inspect the new hall of this

DRAPER's HOTEL, Sackville-street, W.—Mrs.
DRAPER begs leave to state that she has established a tariff
for the board and residence of families and gentlemen on the most
economical basis. Full particulars may be obtained on application to
Mrs. Draper.
MADEIRA.—E ,
CLARA HOTEL and
BOARDING-HOUSE p,
y Mr and Mrs. NEAL.— Familles.
and invalids visiting this island e,

ver e n

attention given to th e i n m ete
The house is beaut s i.
aea t e and
commands extensie y
wo e e e m ountains. The house for¬
merly belonge
to a physician.
tho resid
t e e e many
ar Suites.



plication, can be secured.


OULEVART des CAPUCINES, at the corner of
the Rue Scribe.—Great an
nall FURNISHED APART¬
MENTS. This establishment founded by the Company on the same
conditions of luxury and comfort as the Great Hotel and Hotel du
Louvre, is specially arranged for those families who intend to remain
in Paris for some time. Very moderate prices
THE GRAND HOTEL, Boulevard des Capucines
Place du Nouvel Opéra, opposite the rue de la Paix, and near
the theatres, has been opened since July, 1862. It contains 700 bed
rooms (prices from 4 to 25 francs), 70 drawing rooms (from 5 to 30f.), a
magnificent saloon capable of dining more than 300 persons (and
where there is a table d'hote at 6 o'clock). Dinners and breakfasts are
served à la carte in the coffee rooms as well as in the apartments.
There is a reading room, with the best English and foreign papers and
publications, a music room, and a drawing room, for the use of travel,
fers, without any additional charge. There are also baths, billard
rooms, smoking divans, post-office, cabs, carriages, and omnibuses
golng to the railway stations. The servants speak all languages. This
superb Hotel, possessing all that modern luxury and comfort can com¬
bine, and situate in the most fashionable part of Paris, is recommended
to the attention of travellers.
GRAND HOTEL du LOUVRE, established 1853
situate in the most central part of Paris, Rue de Rivoli and Place
du Palais Royal.—600 bed rooms, at from 3f. to 20f.; 60 sitting rooms,
at from 4f. o20f. ; a richly-decorated dining saloon, table d'hote at
6 o'clock. Public coffee and dining rooms; choice wines; dinners
served arla carte, both in the dining rooms and the private apartments;
reading and conversation saloons; also saloons for musical, wedding,
and other parties. All newspapers and serial publications received.
Divans, coffee, smoking, and billard rooms; numerous bath rooms.
Carriages on the premises; first class private equipages at command;
omnibuses running to all the railway stations. Postal letter-box:
telegraph office day and night. Photographic studio. A staff of ser¬
vants, speaking all languages.
WHERE to DINE.—BIBRA's HOTEL and
DINING ROOMS, 12. Upper St. Martin's-lane, opposite
Aldridge's. Proprietor, J. Halford, formerly chef de cuisine to the
Governor-General in India, and the Palais Royal, Paris, &c. Indian¬
curries, joints, entrees, &c., always ready. Private dinners to order.
DODRIGUES' MONOGRAMS and HERALDIC
DEVICES, designed and engraved as gems of art; steel dies en¬
graved; note paper and envelopes stamped in colour relief, and illu¬
mein a e e
ost elegant style; arms, crests, or monograms
engraved on seals or rings.—At Henry Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly, W.
BAL
JO O ND.
adun
size, 12 guineas.—This unique
carriage can be propelled by the hands and feet at the rate of
rom 6 to 10 miles an hour, and will ascend ordinary hills with ea

ight, compact and symmetrical in appearance, and will be found
unequalled as a means
healthy, agreeable exercise an
mus
ment.
By its peculiar action, all the principal muscles of the body are brought
into play, and thus judiciously developed, none being over

often t e e n ro in e
ceing, dumb-bell exercise, &c.—OB
BLES
POMEROY. BUTTON, Proprietor, 142 and 143.
caapside, Londion
