INDER existing circumstances, it is out of my power
to help you.—J. B.
TO PARISH CLERKS.—FIVE POUNDS RE¬
WARD for a CERTIFICATE of the MARRIAGE of a Mr.
BIRD to a Miss HORNBUCKLE about the year 1790.—Address
J. C., 17, New-street, Loicester.
WRS. SARAH GODFREY, who in 1840 was living
in Southend-street, Ledbury, and who is believed to have been
the wife of the master of the Ledbury Grammar School, may hear of
something to her advantage by APPLYING to the undersigned, who
will also be obliged, in case of Mrs. Godfrey's death, by any infor¬
mation as to the time and place of her decease.—UTCLIFFE and
SUMMERS, Solicitors, 5, New Bridge-street, Blackfriars, London, 1st.
March, 1878.
PURSUANT to a decree of the Chancery Division of
the High Court of Justice made in the matter of the Estate of
William Chinery deceased and in a Cause Borley y Hustier the per¬
sons claiming to be the NEPHEWS and NIECES living at the death
on the 13th day of June 1862 of WILLIAM CHINERY late of Mat¬
lock in the County of Derby Surgeon deceased or born afterwards
living at the death on the 10th day of March 1876 of George Charles
Hezter late of Matlock aforesaid Surgeon deceased or the children or
child of such nephews and nieces living at the death of the said Wil¬
liam Chinery or born afterwards who died in the lifetime of the said
George Charles Hezier or the legal personal representatives or repre¬
sentative of such nephews and nieces who have died since the said
10th day of March 1876 and of the children or child of such nephews
and nieces who died in the lifetime of the said George Charles Hezier
are by their Solicitors on or before the first day of May 1878 to come
in and prove their claims at the Chambers of the Vice Chancellor Sir
Charles Hall No 14 Chancery Lane Middlesex or in default thereof
they will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the said Decree.
—Friday the 10th day of May 1878 at one of the clock in the afternoon
at the said Chambers is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon
the claims. Dated this 26th day of February 1878
WILLIAM BINNS SMITH Chief Clerk
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £1,500 Consolidated £3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of WILLIAM
LLOYD WHARTON, of Drybuin, Durham Esquire, and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the divi¬
dends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th January,
1868; Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three
mouths from this date (March 4, 1878,) the said Stock- will be Trans¬
ferred, and the Dividends thereon paid to John Lloyd Wharton
sole executor of William Lloyd Wuarton, deceased, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make

CENTRAL LONDON THROAT and EAR HOS¬
PITAL, Gray's-inn-road.—The Committee most gratefully ACK¬
NOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of 20 GUINEAS, from the Worshipful
Company of Merchant Taylors, and of £9, from the Right Hon. the
Earl of St. Germans.—ALFRED HUTTON, Chairman.
DREADNOUGHT.—SEAMEN'S HOSPITAL,
Greenwich, S.E.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEIPT of the following SUMS, towards the £6,000 required
to enable them to defray the current expenses of the present year
E. C., £2; George Ireland, Esq., £2.—HENRY C. BURDETT,
Secretary.
LOST, at Willis's Rooms, on Monday night, 25th
ult., a SMALL CLUSTER of DIAMONDS, part of lady's
bracelet. Anyone having found the same and returning it to the
above rooms, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LOST, on the afternoon of the 20th of February, near
Cornwall-gardens, South Kensington, a YOUNG FOX IERRIER
DOG, white, with black ears, black patch at root of tail, and black
and tan on left side of face. Any person taking the above to 22, Sus¬
sex-place, Kensington, W., will be REWARDED.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a SMALL
FEMALE PUG; answers to the name of Lulu. Anyone
taking her to 15, Half Moon-street, Piccadilly, shall receive the above

ONE GUINEA REWARD. —LOST, on the afternoon
of Saturday, February 23rd close to Furnival's-inn, Holborn, a
SMALL, BLACK and TAN TERRIER BITCH, answering to the
name of Topsy. She had on a plain silver collar, with padlock. Who¬
ever will restore the same to Housekeeper, 12, Furnival's-inn, shall
receive the above reward.
TO TRADESMEN and others.—I hereby give notice
that from the date hereof I will NOT be RESPONSIBLE for
any DEBTS contracted in my name, by any person whomsoever, with¬
ny written authority. Dated this 1st day March. 1878.—A. L.
HUTTE of 19, Ladbroke-gardens, and 4, Billiter-street, E.C.
JDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the METRO¬
POLITAN BOARD of WORKS.—I. William Tucker being
the Auditor appointed by Her Majesty's Treasury under the Act
34 and 35 Vic., cap. 47, to Audit the Accounts of the Metropolitan
Board of Works for the year ended the 31st day of December,
1377, hereby give notice that I purpose attending on Monday, the
18th day of March, 1878, at the office of the Metropolitan Bsoard
of Works, Spring-gardens, Westminster, at 12 o'clock at noon, to
AUDIT the ACCOUNTS of the Board for the year before mentioned,
under the Act 18 and 19 Vic., cap. 120, sec. 95, as amended by the Act¬
34 and 35 Vic., cap. 47, sec. 16.—Given under my hand this 2d day of
March, 1879.
WILLIAM TUCKER.
THE ARTIZANS and LABOURERS' DWELLINGS
ACT, 1875.—The CITY of LONDON (GOLDEN-LANE and
PETTICOAT-SQUARE, &c.) IMPROVEMENT PROVISIONAL
ORDER CONFIRMATION ACT, 1877.—ARBITRATORS
AWARD.—In pursuance of the Artizans and Labourers' Dwellings
Improvement Act. 1875, and the City of London (Golden-lane and
Petticoat-square, &c.) Improvement Provisional Order Cenfirmation
Act, 1877. I, the undersigned, the Arbitrator appointed by the Right
Honoutable Richard Assheton Cross, one of Her Majesty's Principal
becretaries of State, to assess the compensation to be paid under the
said Acts, do hereby give notice that I have made my Provisional
Award, and that a copy thereof has been deposited with the Com¬
missioners of Sewers of the City of London, being the local authority
under the said Act at their offices in Guildhall, City of London.
And I further give notice that I have appointed Thursday, the 25th
day of April next, at 10.30 a.m., to hear objections, if any, to such
award, at the Guildhall, City of London, E.C.
HENRY A. HUNT.
Dated this 28th day of February, 1878.
Persons proposing to appeal are requested to give notice to me, and
to forward a statement of their objections in writing to my office, at
No. 45, Parhament-street, Westminster, on or before Wednesday, the
10th day of April next.
PPLICATION for a LICENCE of the BOARD of
TRADE.—Notice is hereby given, that in pursuance of the 23rd
section of the Companies Act. 1857, APPLICATION has been made
to the Board of Trade for a LICENCE, directing an Association
about to be formed, under the name of the BRITISH SHIP¬
MASTERS' and OFFICERS' PROTECTION SOCIETY, to be
registered with Limited Liability, without the word "Limited" to its

""The objects for which the Association is proposed to be established
are
1. For the protection and advancement of the general interests of
its members, as masters or officers of ships.
.2. To watch the progress of any Bills in Parlament affecting the
interests of shipmasters and officers, and represent the interests of the
members when necesary.
3. To afford legal assistance to any member of the Society re¬
quired to appear on any official inquiry held under the Merchant
Shipping acts, or in any Court of Law, in any matter where his con¬
duct as master or officer of a ship is called in question, subject,
nevertheless, to the rules of the Society.
4. To acquire, either by purchase, lease, or otherwise, suitable pre¬
mises for the carrying out of the opjects of the Society.
5. To grant rehief to wilows and orphans of members in indigent
circumstances, subject, nevertheless, to the rutes of the Society.
Notice is hereby further given, that any person, company, or cor¬
poration, objecting to this application, may bring such objection be¬
fore the Board of Trade on or before the 26th day of March instant, by
a letter, addressed to the Assistant Secretary, Railway Department,
Board of Trane, Whitehall, London, S.W.
Dated this 1st day of March, 1878.
LOLIVER BOTTERELL and ROCHE, Sunderland,
olin.
tors to the said associatio
NOTICE is hereby given, that 1, KENNETH WIL¬
LIAM CUMMING, hitherto known as Kenneth William Cum¬
ming, M.D., Surgeon-Major in Her Majesty's Army (Medical Service),
have, by deed poll, under my hand and seal, dated the 28th day of
Novemper, 1877, ASSUMED, as my lawful right, to myself and the
heirs male lawfully begotten of my body, the NAME, rank, style, and
title of Sir KENNETH WILLIAM CUMMING, of Culter, in the
county of Aberdeen, in Scotland, Baronet, which rank, style, and title
were conferred upon my great-great-grandiather, the late sir Alex¬
ander Cumming, of Culter aforesaid, M.P., and the heirs male law¬
fully begotten of his body, by their late Majestres King William and
Queen Mary, by Letters Patent dated the 23th day of February, 1695,
and the sam Baronetey having regularly descended to my late uncle,
hir Kenneth Cumming, of Culter aforesaid, who, arter having been in
possession thereof for 40 years, died, in or about the year 1839, with¬
out any heir male lawfully begotten of his body, leaving my sa her,
Robert Stewart Cumming, of Cummingswood, in Prince Edward's
Island, in North America, M.D., his only brother and heir-at-law,
who died in the year 1347, without having assumed the title, and
leaving me his only son and heh-at-law. The aforesaid deed poll
was executed by me in lien of recording my pedigree in one of the
Col eges of Arms, and obtaining a certificate therefrom, as required
by the Order of His late Majesty King George the Third, dated the
6th day of December, 1782, such Order having been subsequently re¬
voked by His said Majesty so far as it retated to baronetcies created
by Letters Patent granted prior to 1783. — Dated 23th Februarg 1878.
KENNETH WILLIAM CUMMING,
Witness—Wm. F. Geare, 57, Lincoln's-inn-fields, Solicitor.
MANAWATU LAND ORDERS.—Notice is hereby
given, that on the 30th day November, 1877, an Act was passed
by the General Assembly of New Zealand, intituled an Act to provide
for the satisfaction of certain Land Orders issued by the New Zealand
Company, and theretofore exercised in the Manawatu or Horowhenua
districts, within the aforesaid Company's settlement at Wellington.
The attention of every person claiming under any such Land Orders
as aforesaid is drawn to the provisions of the said Act next follow¬

Every person claiming land within the Provincial District of Wel¬
lington under any Land Order originally issued by the New Zealand
Company, and which has been exeretsed in the Manawatn or Horow¬
henua Listricts, muss, within 12 months from the 50th November, 1877,
if he be a resident in the Colony, and within two years from such date
if he be resideft elsewnere, give notice in writing, by himself or his
agent to the Commissioner uppointed for the District of Wellington
under the frdinance of the Legisiative Council of the lslands of New
Zealand, Session 11, No. 15, for the hearing and decision of his claim
under the provisions of the said Act, and at the time of making his
application for the satisfaction of his claim must lodge with the Com¬
missioner the origmal land order under which he claims to be entitled
to select any section of land, unless such land order shall previously
have peen lodged with the Commissioner no claim can be heard and
determmed until such origmal land order is lodged, or proof of the
loss given to the satisfaction of the Commissioner.
The Commissioner will report to the Governer the name of the per¬
son found to be entitled to land under any particular land order; the
particular number thereof, the fact of such land order having been
louged with him, or of his having received satisfactory proof of the
loss thereof, and the amount in value stated in such land order, such
report is to be considered and japproved by the Governor in Council,
and forthwith published in the New Zealand Gazette, with the date
of the approval attaened thereto.
Notification of the Governor's approval is a sufficient warrant to the
Commissioner to issue to the nersons named in such approved report
as peing entitied to land, scrip for the amount of money ongmaily
paid for the land order under which any such persons have been found
to be entitled, together with compensation to the amount of £1 for
every £1 steriing represented by such land order added thereto ; so
that every person found entitied shall receive £2 in value for every
20s. in value to which he shall have been found entitied, except in
cases of lost land orders, in which case proceedings must be taken
under the Lost Land Oruers Act, 1861.
No scrip can be delivered by the Commissioner until the land order
in satisfaction of which such scrip is issued has been cancelled by
him.
Opon the receipt of scrip all the right, title, interest, claim, and de¬
mand of the person to whom the same is issued, and of all other per¬
sons whatsoever, to the land in respect of which scrip shall have been
issued is extinguished; and the issue of such scrip is, both at law and
in equity, a full and complete performance by the Crown, on behalf of
the New Zealand Company, of the contract or obligation of the Com¬
pany in respect of which such serip shall have been issued.
All scrip to be issued under the authority of the said Act is trans¬
ferable and is receivable as cash by the Receiver of Land Revenue, in or
towards the purchase of waste lands of the Crown in any part of the
provincial district of Wellington, but not elsewhere, and must be exer¬
cised within five years from the date of its issue ; claims for the exer¬
cise of scrip not made within such period of five years are barred.
The Commissioner cannot entertain or investidate any claims in
which the claimant shall not have notified his intention to have his
claim heard and decided under the provisions of the said Act within
the time limited for making such application. All claimants failing
to avall themselves of the provisions of the said Act are barred, and
their claim extinguished by reason of such default.
Claimants not resident within the Colony of New Zealand should
forthwith appoint a duly authorized agent to do and perform what¬
ever may be requisite to obtain the benefit of the said Act.—Dated
at Wellington this 4th day of January, 1878.
(Signed).	DAVID LEWIS, a Commissoner for the purposes
of the above feferred to Act.
COMBS.—I, CHARLES JOSEPH KING, of Nos.
5,6, and 7, Holborn-bars, London, E.C., hereby give notice that
any person INFRINGING my PATENT, dated 13th June, 1877, No.
2,312, for the manufacture of Ivoride or Xyloidine Combs, by making
seseeosm"
ment.—Dated this 1st day of March, 1878.—C. J. King.
TO ARTISTS.—£10 given for accepted DESIGN of


Secretary, 306, City-road, E.C.
FOR SALE, the SCHOONER YACHT FANTASY,
30 tons, by register 21, coppered, and copper fastened, in good
order. Now lying at Mr. Alfred Payne's yard, Southampton. Owner

L. Twysden, Esq., Beech Hurst, Tunbridge Wells
THE PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, 33, Essex¬
street, Strand, established 1852 by C. F. FIELD, late Chief
of the Metropolitan Detective Police, and C. NICHOLLS. Telegrams
from the country must be accredited by London reference.
