ke,
the
D.
W.

the
H.. T.—I wonder when we shall meet again
and where ? Hope on, and trust.—R.
MITTLE JOHN.—Go to your uncle at Birminghan
who will make it all right, and will be kind and good to you.
POLICE EXCESSES at HYDE-PARK.—All PE
SONS who SUFFERED from the VIOLENCE of the POLIC
at HYDE-PAR  i
nday last, or who can give evidence there
are requested to COMMUNICATE with Mr. George Howell, Sccretam
Reform League, 8, Adelphi-terrace; or to Messrs. Merriman and Buc
land, solicitors, 33, Poultry.
OF JOHN BAKER, formerly of Linton, Staplehurs
Kent, England, last heard of in 1856, when at All Ladies'-hous
about 40 miles from Valparaiso, where he worked as gardener, w
COMMUNICATE with ANDREW HORNE, Loose, Kent, he
HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE. £5 will be paid
the person giving authentic information of the said John Baker.
NOTICE.— WILLIAM HARRIS, blacksmit
who worked for John Williams, Batchcott, in the parish
Richard's Castle, about eight years ago, and who married a daught
of Elizabeth Yapp's, of the said parish, will apply at the office of L.

solicitor, Ludlow, he will HEAR of SOMETHING to
ADVANTAGE.
HYLEY PIERCY.—If Mr. WHYLE
PIERCY, who left Leicestershire some years ago, and was la
heard of at West Troy, Albany County, New York, will apply to M
G. H. Fisher, solicitor, 4, King's Bench-walk, Temple, London, he w
HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE, or, in case of
decease, if any child or children of his be living, they are requested
communicate with me with without delay.—Dated this — day of Jul
1866.
GEO. H. FISHER, Solicitor, 4, King's Bench-wal
Temple, London.
LOST, at Wimbledon, on the 19th, a little WHIT
and YELLOW BULL-TERRIER DOG, with pointed ta
ONE POUND REWARD if brought, on Tuesday, to the Head Porte
I nn r mp.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, last Thursde
evening on the road or railway, between Regent's-park and Hach
nev, a POCKET, containing boots and a bracelet by Garrard in a cas
Whoever will bring the same to Crabb's, the post office, Albany-stree
Regent's-park, shall receive the above reward.
FOUR GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, on Ju
11th (supposed near Regent-street), a LADY's GOLD LEVE
WATCH, much worn, spring broken, engine-turned back, with initia
E. L. L. in centre. Whoever brings the above to Mr. Saphin, watc
maker, 12, Princes-street, Leicester-square, shall receive the abo
reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, on the evenin
of Thursday, 25th inst., in a second class carriage, between Watel
loo Station and Southampton, or on the pier at the latter, a POCKE
BOOK, containing £20 in Bank of England notes, accounts, and meme
randa. The notes have been stopped. Whoever will restore the pocke
book and contents to John Combs, Esq., 25, Bucklersbury, city, E.C.
shall receive the above reward.
TEN POUNDS REWARD. —LOST, a SAPPHIR
and DIAMOND THREE-STONE RING, supposed to have bee
dropped in the ineighbourhood of Berkeley-square. Whoever wil
M.
bring it to Messrs. Watherston and Son, No. 12, Pall-mall east, sha
receive the above reward.
NTEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, near Hyde
rk
park-corner, on the 23d inst., an ENGINE-TURNED GOLL
HORIZONTAL REPEATING WATCH, with enamelled second
dial plate, &c., No. 3,177; maker, Carter, Cornhill. Inside case is er
ille
graved a dog, with the name "Dash" and date underneath. Who
ever will bring the same to Mr. Carter, 61, Cornhill, shall receive th
above reward. No further reward will be offered.
CANTERBURY.—If JOHN ANDERSON, who
LEFT some WEARING APPAREL at Mr. Crogg's, Butchery
lane, Canterbury, does NOT CALL for them within 14 days from th
date, they will be SOLD to defray expenses. —July 27th, 1866.
ISSING FRIENDS, or Next of Kin, or Unclaimed
Money, &c.—INQUIRIES made in the United States of Am¬
rica, Canada, Australia, and all parts of the globe. Legal busines
attended to abroad. A select list of names of next of kin, heirs
law, &c. (never before published), sent for seven stamps.—ROBER
GUN, American, colonial, and foreign agent, 6, Prince of Wales-road
London, N.W.
PHILLIPS, Mayoy
A COURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, heldn
the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London, o
Friday, the 27th day of July, 1866, and in the 30th year of the reig
of Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelan

Persons ADMITTED to act as BROKERS within the city of Lond
and its liberties, viz.:—
Names.
Residences.
Edward Owen Tudor.
.29, Threadneedle-steet
Charles Augustus Murton.	..27, Cornhill
Robert Fitzroy Holderness  23, Change-alley, Lombard-street

21, Throgmorton-strete
Andrew Kinsman Hichens
 21, Threadneedle-stret.
Robert Hichens Camden Harrison, 21, Threadneedle-street
Albert Puckle0
Bartholomew-lane
Clifton Whiting.22, Threadneedle-street
John'Lee Morley0
Tokenhouse-yard, Lothbury
Richard Taylor Saunders 0
Mincing-lane.
Frederick Hall..20, King's Arms-yard, Coleman-st.
WOODTHORPE.
PURSUANT to an Order of the High Court o
Chancery, made in a cause "Orme y Orme "dated the 29th da
of June, 1866, the PERSON or PERSONS ENTITLED to or interested
in the SUM of £570 2s. 5d. Bank £3 per Cent. Annuities, remainin
on the credit "Orme y Orme." 1864. 0. 10, "the legacy of £300, giver
by the WILL of JOHN MURLIN, deceased, in trust for the suppor
of the Methodist Chapel and poor of the Society and Congregatio
thereof, in High Wycombe," is or are to come in and prove their clain
or claims at the chambers of the Master of the Rolls, in the Rolls-yar
Chancery-lane, Middlesex, on or before the 2d day of November, 1866
or, in default thereof, he or they will be peremptorily excluded fro¬
the benefit of the said order. Friday, the 9th day of November, 186
at 11 o'clock in the forenoon, at the said chambers, is appointed fo
hearing and adjudicating upon the claims. Dated this 16th day
July, 1866.
ROBERT MARSHALL, Chief Clerk.
LEWIN and Co., 32, Southampton-street, Strand, London.
INTIMATION is hereby given, that a PROCESS of
MULTIPLEPOINDING and EXONERATION has been inst.
tuted before the Lords of Council and Session (Lord Jerviswoode, Or
dinary), by Thomas Stokes, of Hean Castle, in Pembrokeshire, an
John Scott, of Rodono, in Selkirkshire, W.S., surviving assumed trus
tees, acting under the contract of marriage, dated the 20th day
March, 1803, entered into between the now deceased John Charle
Collins, of Swansea, South Wales, surgeon, and the also deceased
Elizabeth Macfarquhar, afterwards Collins, therein designed third law
ful daughter of the deceased Colin Macfarquhar, printer in Edinbu .
real raisers and pursuers, against Captain Colin Macfarquhar Colling
of Her Majesty's Bengal Army, presently residing at Mussooree
Himalaya, in the East Indies, Mrs. Elizabeth Collins or Woodruffe, re
siding at No. 50, Pembridge-villas, Bayswater, London, wife of Johr
Woodruffe, sometime clerk in the Bank of England, and residing a
No. 50, Pembridge-villas aforesaid, and the said John Woodruffe, a
administrator-in-law for his said wife, and for all right or interest h
may have in the premises, and Frederick Waterloo Collins, residin
furth of Scotland, the said Colin Macfarquhar Collins, Elizabeth Collin
or Woodruffe, and Frederick Waterloo Collins, being the only childrer
of the marriage between the said John Charles Collins and Elizabet)
Macfarquhar Collins, who are known or supposed to be in life, defen
ders; for the purpose of having the TRUST FUNDS constituted
the said contract of marriage DIVIDED among and PAID to th
CHILDREN of the said JOHN CHARLES COLLINS and ELIZA
BETH MACFARQUHAR or COLLINS, and the pursuers exonere
of the said trust; and that the Lord Ordinary has, by Interlocuton
dated 20th July, 1866, appoinsed intimation of the dependence of th
Process to be made three times in each of The Times newspaper an
North British Advertiser.
SCOTT, MONCRIEFF, and DALGETY, W.S.
Edinburgh, 17, Duke-street, 24th July, 18
MIDDLESEX.—Music or Dancing Licences.—
Notice is hereby given that all persons intending to apply
the grant or renewal of any LICENCE for MUSIC or DANCING
under the Statute 25 Geo. II., c. 36 (except in the case of a transfer
any licence as hereinafter mentioned), must, two months at the leas
before Monday, the 1st day of October next, which will be the com
mencement of the next Michaelmas Quarter Session, cause a notice
the undermentioned form) to be affixed upon the outer door or oth
conspicuous part of the premises sought to be licenced, and upon th
outer door of the police station or other place of confinement in th
parish in which such premises shall be situate, also serve copies
such last-mentioned notice upon the Churchwardens and Oversee
of the parish in question, and also upon the Clerk to the Vestry,
the Guardians of the union or parish in which the house is situate, with
the view to such notice being affixed in the entrance-hall or some col
spicuous part of the building in which the meetings of such Vestry o
Guardians are held, and must also give two months' notice at leas
before the said 1st day of October next to me, at the Sessions-house
Clerkenwell, and to the Clerk of the Petty Sessions of the divisio
wherein the premises are situate, of their intended application.
In every case where any person having a music or dancing licend
shall transfer his premises to any other person, such incoming tenar
shall give one month instead of two months notice as above require
Form of Notice.
"I. — f— in the parish of — do hereb e a i¬
notice, that I intend to apply, under the provisions of the Statut
25 Geo. II., c. 36, at the next Michaelmas Quarter Session for th
county of Middlesex, to be holden at Clerkenwell on the 4th day
October, 1866, for a licence for (here insert the particular sort or sor
of public entertainment for which the licence is required) to be carrie
on within the house or premises situate at — or known by th
name of (as the case may be) and now in the occupation of me, the le
scriber hereto."
And notice is also given, that every person presenting any petitio
against the grant or renewal of any licence must leave with me, at th
Sessions-house, Clerkenwell, 14 clear days before the said 1st day o
October, a copy of such counter-petition, for the inspection of the part
applying for such grant or renewal.
And that every applicant for a licence is required to attend the Con
personally on the said 4th day of October, which will be the day fo
granting licences, unless a reason satisfactory to the Court shall
assigned for his absence.
RICHARD NICHOLSON, Clerk of the Peace.
Sessions-house, Clerkenwell, 21st July, 1866.
PROOF of GUN-BARRELS. — TWENTI
POUNDS REWARD.—The Guardians of the Birmingham Proof
house hereby give notice, that besides the convictions they have alread
nt advertised for offences against the Gun-barrel Proof Act, 1855, suc
offences consisting of the sale of muskets, fowling-pieces, and guns, th
barrels of which had not been duly proved and marked as prove
under the said Act, the undermentioned persons were, on the 27th da
of June, 1866, severally convicted at Liverpool, before the borong
magistrates, for offences against the Gun-barrel Proof Act, 1855, suc
offences respectively consisting in the sale of one or more pistols th
barrels of which had not been duly proved and marked as provef
under the said Act, and a fine of £5 and costs was inflicted in each cas
The following is a list of the parties so convicted:—
Robert Jones, 3, Great Howard-street, Liverpool, gun, pistol, an
rifle manufacturer.
the
Jonas Cohen, 107, Whitechapel, Liverpool, pawnbroker and gener
a dealer.
Robert Marrs, 58, St. James-street, Liverpool, pawnbroker a

Julius Hyams, 69, St. James-street, Liverpool, general outfitter.
A. Robinson and Co., 32, Canning Dock, Liverpool, makers of sh
lamps and whole sale dealers in ironmongery for the use of shipbuilder
The said Guardians further give notice, that by the 100th sectic
of the abovementioned Act, sub-section 2, it is enacted as follows;
"Every person selling or exchanging, or exposing or keeping for sald
or exporting, or attempting to export, from England, any small ar
the barrel or barrels whereof are not under this Act duly proved, an
marked as proved, shall, for every such barrel, forfeit not exceedir
£20."
And the said Guardians further give notice, that upon trustworth
information of any other person or persons in the like case or casd
offending against the provisions of the said Act, they (the said Geuan.
dians) will prosecute, and upon conviction will pay a reward of £20
their informant.
Information may be given to the said Guardians at their Pro
house in Banbury-street, Birmingham; or to the undersigned, the
law clerk.
By order,
WILLIAM S. ALLEN, 35, Waterloo-street, Birminghan
Law Clerk to the Guardians of the Birmingham Proe¬
house.
June, 1866.
SATURDAYHALF-HOLYDAY.—Messrs.GOOD
beg respectfully to state that their WAREHOUSES will
CLOSED in future at TWO O'CLOCK on SATURDAYS. —Depot fo
Minton's china, 19, South Audley-street, Grosvenor-square.
SATURDAY HALF-HOLYDAY. — Messri
JAMES SHOOLBRED and Co. beg most respectfully to infor
their friends and the public in general their ESTABLISHMENT w
be CLOSED on SATURDAYS at TWO O'CLOCK.—Tottenham-cou¬
road, July, 1866.
NOTICE.—In consequence of numerous mistakes an
inquiries, PETER ROBINSON begs to inform his customers a
the public that for the future his MOURNING BUSINESS will
conducted at the premises but recently completed—viz, 256, 258, 26
262, Regent-street, and not, as formerly, at his coloured establishmen
Nos. 103 to 108, Oxford-street, W.
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, fo
England and the Continent. To insure a personal interviet
notice the day previous, fixing hour of appointment, is advised,
Pollaky, 13, Padding on-green,.
TO-NIGHT tthe GREAT SWIMMING RACE
take place at the Lambeth Baths, for the benefit of Profess
Beckwith, swimming master, many years champion of England.
England race, a quarter of a mile, all the best men of the day contend
amateur race, gold medal for first, silver medals for second and thir
youths' race, silver medals for first, second, and third; the Profess

and his children in their masterly acts of natation. Commence at
p.m. Admission, 1s.: reserve, 2s. 6d. : balcony seats, 5s.
PARQUETS SOLIDAIRES. — HOWARD an
SONS, 26 and 27, Berners-street, are prepared to supply machir
at made patented solid PARQUET FLOORS, 50 per cent. cheaper th
the have been yet offered. Illustrated catalogues, plans, and es
ates free
e.
MONUMENTAL SCULPTURE.—The Carray
Marble Works: established 1820.—MONUMENTS, Table
Tombs, Memorial Crosses, &c. Inscriptions rendered imperishable
letters in solid lead. Export orders.—T. GAFFIN, 63, Quadrar¬
Regent-street, W. Manufactory, Westminster, S.W..
