TO K. C. B., post office, 99, Oxford-street.—A
LETTER is WAITING. Iam anxious for a reply.—J. A. A.
IF, W. J. L., late of C.-st., T.s., Southwark, who
left his home, 1st April, will RETURN to his friends all pecu¬
niary affairs will be arranged. It is hoped at least he will write.
TO CABMEN.—The DRIVER of the four-wheeled
CAB who took a gentleman from the Exeter-hall Hotel about 8.30
p.m. on Sunday, August 7, is requested to CALL upon Mr. Haxell,
who will pay him for his trouble.
MR. RICHARD KENDALL, who has recently
been staying at No. 4, Upper Kennington-lane, Vanxhall, Sur¬
and who left thore on the 20th July last, is requested to FOR¬
WARD his ADDRESS to B. Beanlands, Esq., 4, Raymond-buildings,

SHOULD this MEET the EYE of any Catholic
CLERGYMAN, or others who were acquainted with the late
CLEMENT COURT GOLD, of Pitt and Park streets, Sydney,
N.S.W, and also with his widow and surviving children, it will be
taken as a great favour by their FORWARDING their ADDRESS
to Mr. C. C. Gold, jun., 18, Nelson-square, Blackfriars-road, London:
or to W. Gordon, Esq., 57, Old Broad-street, city.
LOST, on the 8th inst., at Hammersmith-bridge, an
old ENAMELLED WATCH, case very much worn. TEN
SHILLINGS REWARD will be given on its being brought to 4, Ebe¬
nozer-place, London-fields, Hackney.
LOST, on Sunday, 7th inst., between 10 and 11 a.m.,
between Liverpool-street, King's-oross, and Bedford Chapel, New
Oxford-street, a Lady's small-sized GOLD WATCH, plain gold face,
with Albert chain, and brequet key attached. Any person bringing
the same to 10,Liverpool-Street, King's-cross, shall receive FIVE
POUNDS REWARD.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Monday,
between Oxford-street and city, or city and Waterloo Station,
EIGHT FIVE-POUND NOTES. Apply to Inspector Hamilton,
police office, Old Jewry, citv.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a GOLD
BRACELET, dropped in Park-crescent, Portland-place, on Sun¬
day night. Whoever will bring the same, or give information leading
tet e its recovery, shall receive e
ove reward. Apply to Messrs.
Henningham and Hollis, 5, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square.
THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST, on the
6th inst., a small BLACK and TAN TOY TERRIER, unclipped
Answers to the name of "Belle." Whoever will bring it to
No. 3, Westbury-terrace, Harrow-road, Bayswater, shall receive the
above reward.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the
29th July, in.
bourhood of Camden-town, a SMALL
GOLD HUNTING WATCH, keyless, gold dial, with double Albert
gold chain and bunch of charms attached. Whoever will restore the
same to Mr. James Gowland, watchmaker, 52, London-wall, E.C., shall

FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday,
July 5th, between Lower Brook-street, London, W., and Chester,
LADY's DRESSING BOX, made of rosewood, with brass edges. On
the lid a brass plate, with three letters and a coronet engraved. Out¬
side cover of brown leather, with a strap. Was not missed till arrival
of train at Chester, but may have boen left in a cab in going to Euston¬
square. Whoever will bring it to McKittle, 41, Conduit-Street, Lon¬
don, W., shall receive the above reward.—August 2.
CAUTION.—LOST, a BILL of EXCHANGE for
£100, dated 23d March, 1864, drawn by Rose, Duff, and Co.,
Demerara, accepted by Duff, Cadell, " and Co., Liverpool, payable to
the order of George Lillie, at Robarts, Lubbock, and Co.'s, on the 17th
October next, and endorsed by George Lillie and William Thomas
Fraser. All persons are cautioned against negotiating the bill, pay¬
ment of which is stopped. Any person giving information to Mr.
Lovell, 26, Charles-street, St. James's, S.W., by which the bill will be
restored, shall be REWARDED.
ABUNCH of KEYS LOST, between Charing-cross
and Pimlico, on the 4th August. The finder will receive FIVE
SHILLINGS on taking them before the 13th inst. to 35, Pelham-place,
Thurloe-square, S.W.
NETROPOLITAN POLICE OFFICE.—
STOPPED, offered for pledge by a lad remanded at Bow-street
Police Court till 12 at noon on Tuesday, the 9th inst., TWO GOLD
SEALS—one very massive, carnelian stone, engraved Royal Arms,
"Chief Clerk's Office, Supreme Court of Newfoundland"; the other
a demi bird, expanded wings, "G. W. B." in garter.
FOUND, in the Croydon-road, on the 2d inst., a long
haired BLACK DOG. Inquire of the gardener, at Mr. T. H.
Coles', Streathamooo.
FOUND, near Westbourne-terrace, a small GOLD
CHAIN, with ring, seal, key, and two lockets one with
"S. M. O" on it. Apply at the Pension-office, Regent's-park-bar¬
racks, N.W.
FOUND, on the 30th July, a MASTIFF BULL¬
DOG, Light Brown Brindle, four white feet, white breast and part
of head white tin on tail. If not owned within seven days from this
date will be SOLD. Apply to G. T., 23, Providence-place, Shepherd's¬
bush.
MAYWARD, deceased.—The HEIR-ATLAW of
JOHN HAYWARD (who died about four years since, and who
was the heir ae.
Robert Lightfoot Hayward, deceased) is re¬
quested to COMMUNICATE his ADDRESS immediately to Messrs.
Bridger and Collins, solicitors, 37, King William-street, London¬
bridge, E.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £21 14s. 3d. Consolidated
 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of JOHN
WILLIAM HORNBUCKLE, of Bray, Berks, gentleman, and which
was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the
dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July,
1854; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid, to the said John William Hornbuckle, who has claimed
the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make
out his claim thereto.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs-at-Law, Legatees, &c.—An
INDEX to 20,000 persons advertised for since 1750, 1s., post free,
13 stamps.—Herbert Freres, Bridge-road, Battersea. Bank of England
unclaimed dividends, Treasury, Chancery, and all foreign stocks and re¬

THE HERO of NIAGARA.—BLONDIN begs to
inform his numerous friends and patrons in England, on the con¬
tinent, and elsewhere that he is now on a professional tour through
Italy, Germany, Austria, and Russia, and that he has NO CON¬
NEXION whatever with the person who has been performing at the
Hippodrome, in Paris, who faisely assumes the title of "Blondin, the
Hero of Niagara," the undersigned being the only one of that name
who ever crossed the Falls on a rope.—J. F. Blondin, Hero of Niagara,
Hotel Schwender, Vienna, July 8. 1864.
VELVERTON SUIT FUND.—SUBSCRIPTIONS
RECEIVED at the office of the Morning Star.

THE LATE CENTRAL SOCIETY of VINEYARD
PROPRIETORS.—BRANDY TRADE MARK.—Having been
instructed by my client, Mr. Edward Henry Leveaux, that he had in¬
advertently purchased from parties abroad certain brandies, bearing a
label which he found to be a colourable imitation of the label for¬
merly used by the above Society, of whose existence he was not aware,
and that he had become acquainted with that fact by being served
with a copy of a Bill in Chancery, filed against him by Messrs. Noix,
Vallein, and Co., of Saintes, in the Department of Charente Inféricure,
who claim to have purchased the instruments employed in branding
the trade mark of the said Association, and also all the rights of the
said Association in the trade marks and labels used by the said Asso¬
siation, when the effects of the said Association were sold by public
auction, upon the said Association being dissolved and their affairs
wound up: I, immediately after the service of the Bill, communicated
to the solicitor of Messrs. Noix, Vallein, and Co. that Mr. Leveaux
had bought the brandy in ignorance of the label being spurious, but
that he would immediately discontinue its use, and would pay their
costs of the Bill, and, amongst others, I wrote the following letter:—
7, Old Jewry, May 30, 1863.
Noix v. Leveaux.
Dear Sir.—I have seen my clients to-day respecting other matters,
and they wish me to inform you that, irrespective of whether your
client carries on or drops his present Bill, they shall not send out any
more brandy with the objectionable label attached, as they have no
desire to facilitate the circulation of a spurious trade mark, and they
would not ever have lent themselves to it if your clients had only in¬
formed them that it was their label, and not the label of the Hun¬
garian exporter.
Yours truly,
For J. Michael, A. D. MICHAEL.
To J. W. Nicholson, Esq., 48, Lime-street, E.C.
The plaintiffs, however, insisted upon carrying on an expensive suit
in Chancery, in which they of course obtained an injunction, as inno¬
cence or ignorance of there being an infringement is not any defence
against an injunction in the Court of Chancery.
J. MICHAEL, 3, Barge-yard, Bucklersbury, Solicitor for the

THE CENTRAL SOCIETY of VINEYARD PRO¬
PRIETORS' COGNAG BRANDY.—Counterfeit Trade Mark.—
Injunction.—It having been discovered that for some time past con¬
siderable quantities of spurious and inferior spirits in bottles, labelled
with labels being a counterfeit of the trade mark label of the Central
Society of Vineyard Proprietors had been imported into England by
C. L. Jobens, of Hamburg, to Edward Henry Leveaux, late of
No. 11, Laurence Pountney-lane, in the city of London, but now of
King's Head-yard, Tooley-street, in the county of Surrey, wine merchant,
an INJUNCTION was, on the 22d day of July, 1864, granted by His
Honour the Master of the Rolls, in the suit of "Nioxy Leveaux,"
restraining the defendant, the said EDWARD HENRY LEVEAUX,
his agente and servants, from SELLING, or offering for sale, any
BRANDY, or other spirit in bottles, having affixed thereto labels
which are copies or imitations of, or only colourably differing from, the
labels of the said Central Society of Vineyard Proprietors, or which shall
represent, or have the appearance of representing, or lead to the belief
that such bottles contain brandy shipped by the said Society, and
ordering the said E. H. Leveaux to pay the plaintiffs all the costs of
their suit, and further condemning him to render an account of all
sales made by him or his agents of all spurious spirits, as aforesaid,
since the 9th January, 1863;—And all persons are hereby Cautioned
against dealing in brandy or other spirit in bottles, having thereto
affixed any fraudulent imitation of the trade mark label of the afore¬
said Society. Any communication may be made to the Society's London
agents, Messrs. J. C. Azemar and Co., 40, Mark-lane, London; or to
their export agent, Mr. William Meyerstein, Fountain-court, Alder¬
manbury, London or to me
J. WILSON NICHOLSON, 48, Lime-street, London, Solicitor
for the Central Society of Vineyard Proprietors.
THE CENTRAL SOCIETY Of VINEYARD PRO¬
PRIETORS' TRADE MARK.—In the suit of "Niox v.
Leveaux," the defendant, in addition to pleading ignorance and in¬
nocence, denied the plaintiffs title to their trade mark, and alleged
that the plaintiffs had no vineyards of their own; that they did not
manufacture brandy at all ; that their custom was to purchase brandy
of a cheap and bad quality wherever they could get it; that, as the
plaintiffs sold their brandy as and for cognac without having any esta¬
blishment at Cognac, or in the Cognac district, they had no right to
call their brandy Cognac; and that the plaintiffs thereby practised a
deception on the public. The Master of the Rolis decided that none
of these pleas were proved, but, on the contrary, held that the defend¬
ant was not ignorant of the plaintiffs' brand, or innocent of the
charge made; that the plaintiffs had proved their title to their trade
mark, and that their manufacture at Saintes was within the Cognac
district, and that they had a perfect right to designate the brandy
Cognac; and the Master of the Rolls added:—"I have very carefully
read through the whole of the papers, and the perusal of them very
carefully has brought me to the conclusion that the defendant is
wholly in the wrong, and that he must pay all the costs of the suit up
to and including the hearing;" and also decreed an account to be ren¬
dered, and payment of the profits made by the defendant from all
sales made subsequent to the 9th day of January, 1863, the date on
which Leveaux acknowledged he received a sample bottle with the
labels of the plaintiffs attached.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, vis.:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C., and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
CAUTION-HARRIS'sSPECTACLES.—THOMAS
HARRIS and SON CAUTION the publicagainstpersonsusingtheir
name. Their business (established 1780) is solely conducted at 52, Great
Russell-street, opposite the British Museum-gate, where only can be
had their celebrated spectacles, opera and field glasses. No travellers.
PECIAL NOTICE.—Messrs. SUTTON and Co.,
general shipping agents, of 101, Leadenhall-street, beg to give
notice, that the letter sighed on the 20th July, 1863, by W. R. Sutton,
as proprietor of Mann's Parcel Despatch, and now being published in
The Times by another shipping firm, has nothing whatever to do with
them: and the latter being inserted in the same publication, with a
shipping advertisement from the same firm, tends to mislead the public
and do Messrs. S. and Co. considerabl

July 1,81.
SUTTON and Co., 101, Leadenhall-Street.
MESSRS. HANCOCK and RIXON, Lamp Chan¬
delier, and Glass Manufacturers, have REMOVED from 1,
Cockspur-street, to 47, Great Marlborough-street, Regent-street, W.,
where their business is being carried on as usual.
PELLATT and Co. beg to CONTRADICT the
REPORT that they have REMOVED. They still carry on
business at their old-established premises, the Falcon Glass Works,
Holland-street, Blackfriars-road, near the Chatham and Dover Rail¬

NOTICE.—M. WATHERSTON (late of Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden) begs respectfully to inform the nobility



POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.

L
THE RANTOONE, 142 and 148. Cheapside.
Lo0

