BE. T.—W.—A LETTER will reach me if directed
under cover, as usual.—B. O. Y., London.
TO R—A.—Your father earnestly entreats you to
WRITE to your mother, or the consequence to her may be fatal
IF the GENTLEMAN and TWO LADIES, riding
in an omnibus, conversing about INDIAN CHILDREN, and
wanting a responsible party to undertake the MANAGEMENT of an
establishment, will address A. B., 3, Warwick-crescent, Kensington,
they can hear of one suitable.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a small SKYE
TERRIER, in the neighbourhood of Jermyn-street and
Waterloo-place. Silvery brown, and answers to the name of "Donny."
Apply to the porter of the St. James's Club, Bennett-st., St. James's.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday, the
19th inst., a SMALL LEATHER POCKET-BOOK, containing
two small memorandum books, three photographs (two of a little boy),
and visites cards of the loser from Hamburgh. The finder shall re¬
ceive the above reward on bringing them to 4, Cecil-Street, Strand.
INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION.—STOLEN,
from a little girl, eight years old, on Friday, 15th instant, a
SEASON TICKET, with her name, "Ada Francis," written in bold
text. Any person found using it will be prosecuted.—Inquiry-office,
August 23, 1862.
FIVE POUNS DS 
RD.—LOST, on
W.
ednes¬

day night last, betwe

et,
Cavendish-square, a BROWN POCKET-BOOK, containing a Spanish
to e fo


nd six French bank notes. The
above reward will be paid to any one who shall bring it to 21, Queen
Anne-street.
TWO POUNS E
WARD.
—Gold Bracelet.
—LOST, in the neighabo ure 
es
toede-park-garrdens, on ee
Hamilton-terrace, St. John's-wood, or Marylebone-lane, Oxford-street,
GOLD SCALE BRACELET, with medallion for hair, engraved
"G. M." Whoever has found the same is requested to
tan it to
Marshall and Snelgrove's, Vere-street, O
astret, and the above
reward will be paid.
No  
to be NEXT-ofKIN of
claiming
JOSEPH LISNER, formerly of St.
tailor, last heard of in 1808 0.
MARIA ELIZABETH DRESS¬
LER, otherwise Elizabeth Tresselt, forn

Steinschonan.
20, are requested to COMMUNICATE
aBo  mi a, in

ermann, LL.D., solicitor, 5, Claremont¬
square north, Lond.


toe e s to whether the

a isn er d e uin

BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Annuity.—Ap
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the Dividends in arrear on £14
Consolidated Long Annuity.
expired 5th January, 1860, heretofore
standing in the name of ANN BULLEN, of Regent-street, St. John's,
Westminster, widow, and which Annuity was transferred to the said
Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having re¬
mained unclaimed from the 5th of April, 1833;—Notice is hereby given
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Divi¬
dends will be paid to Ann Scambler, widow formerlf the said Ann
Bullen, widow, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall soon
a  a a dnane
tu t co
app.
there

ENGLAND.
 e e Stock.—Appl.
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tional of the National Debt of the e
per Cent.

Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of ANN BULLEN,
o e e e e eten.
t, Westminster, widow, and which was transferred to
the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having
remained unclaimed from the 5th July, 1834; —Notice is hereby given
that, on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to
in Scambler,
widow, formerly the said Ann Bul
ahen wv idow, who has claimed the
same, unless some ot
ner appear and make out his
a
claiman
claim there
BANK o f ENG.
AND.—U  aimed Stock.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank
of England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £68 5s. new 3 per Cent
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of ANN ROBINSON,
spinster, at Mr. Aberdeen's, Egham-hill, Surrey, and which was
transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of the divi¬
dends thereon having remained unclaimed from the 5th January,
1830;—Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three months
from" this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon Paid, to Ann Scambler, widow, late wife of Henry Scambler,
deceased, formerly wife of Thomas Bullen, deceased, and heretofore
the said Ann Robinson, spinster, who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim

IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of
TENGLAND.—No. 1,312.—IGNAZIO.—Master.—Whereas a cause
of salvage has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of
England on behalf of John Barrowby, the master, and the owners
and crew of the steam tug Powerful, against the brigantine or vessel
Ignazlo, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and the cargo, now or lately
laden therein, together with the freight due for the transportation
thereof, and whereas the said cargo is now lying at Ramsgate under
arrest, by virtue of a warrant issued from the Registry of the said
Court, and no appearance has been entered in the said cause ; this is to
give notice to all persons who have or claim to have any RIGHT,
title, or interest in the said cargo, that if an appearance in the said
cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court within six days
from the publication of this notice, the Judge of the said Court will
order the said cargo to be sold to answer the claims instituted, or to
be instituted against the same, or make such order in the premises as to
him shall seem right. —Dated the 19th day of August, 1862.
H. A. BATHURST, Assistant Registrar.
Notice of Sale of Cargo taken out by W. Rothery, No. 6, Godliman¬

Str.
NOTICE is hereby given, that I, EDWARD TENI¬
SON RY.
N of No. 8.
eith-terrace, Shepherd's-bush, in the
county of Mid.
ex, Doctor of 
toendicine of the University of St.

icentiate of the Royal College of Physicians, Lon¬
don, member of the Royal College of Surgeons, England, and late as¬
sistant surgeon in th 1 e
BP l nayy, ee
be e d eed dated the 22d day of
August, 1862, assumed and declared my intention in future to adop¬
the name of EDWARD TENISON RYAN TENISON; and


enter into all contracts and execute the same,
and shall in all proceedings at law and in equity or other courts of judi¬

use thename and prosecute, sue, and defend all actions and suits
which may be he
fter carried on and prosecuted by or against
and
shall carry on all
—
wise, and do and perform all other acts, deeds, matters, and things
whatsoever in and by my said assumed an

Tenison Ryan Tenison. — Dated this 22d day of August, 1862.
E. TENISON RYAN TENISON.
Witness—
H. Ed

to ar e.
NOTICE is hereby givene th a the
PARTNERS SHE I P
lately subs
en
ae     e
Hewett.



Bobert Hewett, George Hewett, and
Charles Hewett, of Barking, in the county of Esse.
and of 43, Trinity¬
of

ondon, smack owners and fish sales¬



OISOS SE.





younger Robert
lewett, George Hewett, and Charles Hewett, under the firm of Hewett
Brothers, and al a ecr e
outstanding against the firm of Hewett and
Sons:

—
square, Tower-hill, London, in order that the same may be discharged


indebted to the said firm of Hewett and
Sons at the disoln
a h the partnership are
quested forthwith to

oininof
iir respective debts to the said Hewett Brothers,
at 43, Trinity-square, Tower-hill, London.—As witness our h

4th day of August, 1862.
NEWETT.
sas
SAML. HEWETT
un.
S  .
BO  .

GEORGE
CHARLES HEWETT.
Witness—Wm. Thos. Clarke, Notary Public, Great Yarmouth.
A.E so deceased.—All
FRANCIS BUTTERFIELD
persons having CLAIMS upon the ESTATE of FRANCIS BUT¬
TERFIELD, late of Bingley and Bradford, both in the county of York,
solicitor, deceased (who died on the 21st day of May, 1862), are hereb
required to send in to us particulars of their claims on or before the 19th
day of September next. And all persons indebted to the said estate are
requested to pay the amount of their liabilities at our offices.
BUTTERFIELD and SPENCER, Solicitors for the Executrix.
No. 16, Albion-court, Bradford, 19th August, 1862.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, 20, Devereux¬
court, Temple (established 1852), under the direction of CHARLES
FREDERICK FIELD, lite Chief Inspector of the Metropolitan De¬
tective Police. Inquiries made for noblemen, gentlemen, solicitors,
railway and insurance companies, &c.
NATIONAL RIFLE ASSOCIATION.—The under¬
signed having been appointed by the Council their AGENTS for
the ADVERTISEMENTS intended for insertion in the Report of the
Association, they are prepared to receive the
ate a d to afford all
information on the subject.
STREET, BROTHERS.
Advertisement offices, 11, Serle-street, Lincoln's-inn,

WING's ARMS HOTEL, Kensington, overlooking
the palace and gardens, five minutes' walk from the Exhibition,
is replete with every actommodation for visito r.
LONDON FAMILY HOTEL, Albemarle-street,
Piccadilly. Families visiting London will meet with suites of
apartments at the London Family Hotel, Albemarle-street, at half the

GUERNSEY.—COLE's HOTEL, Market-place,
H. HOWARD. Central, airy, quiet, and clean, with garden
attached. Bed, 1s.; breakfast, 1s.; dinner, from 2s. ; private room,
2s., or 3s. lights included. A good coffee room. "An excellent house."
—See Dally's Guide to the Channel Islands, page 11.
NELSON's PORTLAND HOTEL, Great Portland¬
street, London, W.—This hotel will be found most comfortable
and moderate for families and gentlemen. Drawing room, bed room,
and dressing room en suite, 10s. 6d. per day; single bed room
6d.;
attendance, 1s. 6d. per day; plain dinners, 2s. 6d. A porter
pall night
HASTINGS.—The 
EEN's HOTEL.—This
cra end hote forming one wing of Carlisle-parade, facing the

aht w ill bePENE a

ager, Mr. RA
S  .
27 years Secretary and Steward of the Carlton Club, London. Suites
for familles, ladies' coffec room, wedd
suite, e
billiards, &c.
toes th e e.
The manager's experience e e.

ae nn and
Wine
Tariff, as soon 
cation.
warded
nn
adn.
PEAR
E's	HOTEL, Bury-street, Sot
James's.
London. Families, gn¬
tlemen,
visitors to Lonnon.


eniently situate, complete with every comfort, an
codndenet o o on
scale as
ch coonomi
tuest ensure satisfactie
s
toeoe e verysun
8.
ad

iaage of a te  ¬
al parrts
of the metroplll
Great Britain, and the continent
RUNSELS.—AEA O.
ELde P'EURO
Place Royale.
Is most conveniently situate for travellers arriving
oe.
ting
by the trains from Calais, Ostend, or Antwerp, or the e on,


uembu
 a i le a n.


Boie elle. Large
and s mall apartments for
milies. it.


te. o d r.
ooo
sing.
entlemen. The landlord and attend¬

peak English. N.B.—Families can secure the best accon¬
oda¬
tion by takin
cab direct from the station to the hotel, and thus avoid

THE best DINNERS in London are at the ROYAL
WINE SHADES, 5, Leicester-square, opposite the entrance to the
Great Globe; consisting of six sorts of soups, six ditto fish, eight joints,
with cheese, celery, &c., from 1 till 9 o'clock—all for 1s. 6d. per head.
French spoken.
THE BATH MINERAL WATERS.—The HOT
MINERA e
NGS of BATH have been celebre.
toed om a
very carly perio e e
ieal
operties in the cure of palsy, gout,
rheumatism, &c. The principal baths and drinking spas are under the
care e
rision of the Corporation
Every information afforded
tion to Mr. BOSHER, Superintendent, Royal Baths, Bath.
Pppl
Pon
BRUSSELS.—ENGLISH READING ROOM
and CIRCULATING LIBRARY.—FROMENT, bookseller and
stationer, 22, rue Bellard.
REDUCTION in the CHARGES at the TURKISH
BATHS, 18, Palace-street, Pimlico.—The propri¬

form the public that he has made a considerable REDUCTION in the
CHARGES for admission.—E. RAWLING, Manag
FOUNTAINS.—A choice from about 200 different
designs of these ornaments for gardens and conservatorles, is now
offered, at the works of AUSTIN, SEELEY, and Co., Nos. 371,
to 375, Euston-road. Vases from 9s. to £50 each.
BENJAMIN EDGINGTON's TEMPORARY
ROOMS, lined, boarded, and decorated. Marquees a
tents

tae tale or hire. Flags
and banners of every description, in silk or bunting, for sale or hire.
Rick cloths, new and second-hand, with poles, &c., complete. Addr


k, S.E.


SHANK's NEW PATENT LAWN MOWERS (Ex¬

hib
Sae n e a ;I
thines, casily worke
by a
boy, £5 5s., £5 15s., £6 2s. 6d., and £6 5s.; machine worked by one
ses
an, £6 17s. 6d. (the favourite machine)
 an and boy,
£7 12s. 6d.; by two men, £8 7s. 6d. and £8 17s. 6d. ; donkey machine
; pony machines, £14 10s. and £15 15s. ; horse machi
£1

aranteed, or may be returned.—
seeessem


r London, J. B. BROWN and Co., 18, Cannon-street,
city, E
MRON HURDLES, Fencing, and Gates, awarde
the
Silver Medal o
the Royaes.
gricultural Society. By their pecullar
construction they areene
han

in ordinary use. Gates, from 30s. to £500. .

ght-iron stable
tinings, enamelied mangers, cconomic hay-rack on.
W rnell's mangers,
&c. These improved fittings
the own in fall-sized stalls and loocg
bexes, e c t S.
Pancras Ironworks, Old St. Pancras-road.

rded.
ta es e ver medals, and are resommend ie.

yal Veterinary College. Concervatories and all fronwork.
 h e et e e.
ork Company, Old St. Pancras-road, N.W.
Lista free.
