ONE HUNDRED POUND NOTE.—If the GEN¬
TLEMAN who, on the 8th of October last WROTE his INI¬
TIALS, "P. M., 8,10,62," on a £100 note, will FORWARD his
ADDRESS to Sale and Co., solicitors, 29, Booth-Street, Manchester,

LOST, on Wednesday evening, between the hours of
5 and 6, in Harley-street, a BLACK SILK and STEEL BEAD
PURSE, containing a £5 note and some change. Whoever will bring
the same to 34, Devonshire-place, Portland-place, W., shall receive
ONE POUND REWARD. Note stopped at the Bank.
LOST, on Thursday, the 5th inst., either in Abney¬
park Cemetery, or in Church-street, Hackney, a LADY'S GOLD
LEVER WATCH, No. 6,602, with the initials E. M. P. engraved on
the back. Whoever will bring or give such information as will lead to
the recovery of the same, to Mr. Beaton, 174, shoreditch, N.E., shall
be liberally REWARDED.
LEFT in a CAB, on Monday evening last, the 2d
inst., a large BLACK and WHITE SCOTCH PLAID. If deli¬
ad without delay at 5, Albemarle-street, a REWARD of TEN
SHILLINGS will be given.
LEYS LOST—a small bunch, supposed to have been
dropped in Holborn or left in a cab. FIVE SHILLINGS RE¬
WARD on delivery to Messrs. Ridsdale, 5, Gray's-inn-square.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 4th
inst., at the entrance or in Drury-lane Theatre, a small DIA¬
MOND STAR. Whoever brings the same to 11, New-street, Dorset¬
square, N.W., shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
evening, a small FAWN-COLOURED broken-haired TERRIER,
with red collar, name and address on: answers to name of "RuF?
Whoever will bring the same to porter, Oxford and Cambridge Club,
Pall-mall, shall receive the above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST, in the
neighbourhood of Belgrave-square, on Thursday, the 5th inst., a
rough, GRIZZLY, wiry-haired, SCOTCH TERRIER DOG: answers
to th e¬
Nh  y
Tip." Whoever will bring him to
No. 10, Lyall-mews, shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—A DRAB¬
COLOURED SKYE TERRIER DOG, black muzzle, and ears
tipped with black, hair upon hind quarters much matted, LOST, on
Thursday night, 5th inst., in Great Marylebone-street, between Wel¬
beck and Wimpole streets. The reward paid on restoring the dog to
C. E., 9, Welbeck-street, W.
TWENTY-FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST,
or STOLEN, from the person of a gentleman, while walking in
Cheapside, London, at about 11 o'clock on Thursday morning, 5th
February inst., a RANKER's NOTE CASE, made of black leather
fastening with black tape strings, and containing country and Bank of
England notes to a large amount. Whoever will take the same to Mr.
Robert Kerr, law stationer, No. 81, Chancer-lane, London, if lost, or
if stolen, will give such information as shall lead to a conviction of the
offenders, shall receive from the owner the above reward. By order,
W. D. Gaches, solicitor.—Peterborough, February 5th, 1863.
FOUND, at Hampton Court, a PURSE, containing
money. The loser, by giving description, can have the same on
applying to Mr. H. Row, Cardinal Wolsey Inn, Hampton Court.
FOUND, a BROWN DOG. If not owned within
seven days, it will be SOLD to pay expenses. Apply to Mr.
Garrett, Moscow Arms, Moscow-road, Bayswater.
FOUND, in the vicinity of the Kent-road, a GOLD
RING. The owner can have it by giving a proper description and
paying expenses. If not claimed within 14 days it will be sold to
defray the same. Apply to A. B., 8, Mount-row, New Kent-road.
THE OFFICERS of H.I.M. ship PEKIN give
notice, that they will NOT be RESPONSIBLE for any DEBTS
inqurred by their MESSMAN and STEWARD. Robert Kirby.
NOTICE.—PIRACY.—To Printsellers and Dealers
in Photographs.—The undersigned hereby caution photographers
and others against copying or exposing for sale pirated copies of their
carte de visite and other portraits or pictures, for legal proceedings
will be instituted against any person or persons making or dealing in
such spurious copies. The public is warned that no photographs sup¬
posed to be by the undersigned are genuine except they bear the name
of the photographer printed on the back.
Wide Marlborough-street police report, The Times, Dec. 23, 1862;
vide Clerkenwell police report, The Times, Jan. 22, 1863.
Bassano, A.
Davis, H.
Mayall, J. E.
Claudet, A.
Hering, H.
Stereoscopic Co.
Caldesi and Co.
Joubert, F.
Watkins, Herbert.
Clarkington and Co. Lenthall, H., late Kil- Williams, T. R.
Cranfield, T.
nen
Warner, W. H.
Solicitor, BOWEN MAY, Esq., 67, Russell-square.
It is requested that every possible information respecting illegal
copying will be given by respectable dealers to the Solicitor of the
Asseciation.
LAMBETH-BRIDGE is OPEN for all traffic, from
foot passengers to heavily-laden waggons. Lambeth-bridge gives
the most direct route from Belgravia, Chelsea, Pimlico, Victoria station,
and the south-western districts, to the city (by Blackfriars or London
bridge), the Waterloo and London-bridge stations, Southwark, and all
the eastern and Kent districts.
—
NOTICE is hereby given, that I, the undersigned,
who have heretofore been called and known by the name of
William Adolphus Frederick Caudle, of the Old Palace, in the parish
of Richmond, in the county of Surrey, a medical student of King's
College, London, have this day taken upon myself and adopted, and
do hereby take upon myself and adopt the SURNAME of BATE¬
MAN, in the place and stead of the said surname of CAUDLE, by
which I have been so heretofore called and known as aforesaid; and
I shall at all times hereafter, and for all purposes, and on all occasions
whatsoever, use the said surname of Bateman, and no other, as my
proper and only surname. In witness whereof I have hereunto set
my hand as William Adolphus Frederick Bateman, this 3d day of

WILLIAM ADOLPHUS FREDERICK BATEMAN.
Witness—Fredk, B. Senior, Solicitor, Richmond.
BEPEAL of the MALT DUTY.—Kent County
Association.—The Kent County Association for the Repeal of
the Malt Duty invites the attendance of representatives from all the
Farmers clubs and associations in England for the repeal of the malt
duty, and other persons interested in the question, at a MEETING to
be held at the Bridge-house Hotel, London-bridge, on Monday,
February 16, at 2 o'clock precisely, with the object of forming a Con¬
tral Society, and to consider the best course to be taken to bring the
question of the repeal of the malt duty before the immediate attention
of the Government and of the House of Commons.
(Signed) C. G. WHITTAKER, Chairman.
ROYAL SCHOOL of MINES, Jermyn-street.—
The following COURSES of LECTURES are about to be COM¬
MENCED:—
Thirty Lectures on Physics, by Professor Tyndal, F.R.S.; to be deli¬
vered on every weekday but Tuesday, at 10 a.m., commencing on 16th
February. Fee for the course, 23.
Thirty-six Lectures on Applied Mechanies, by Professor Willis,
M.A., F.R.S.; to be delivered on every weekday but Saturday, at 12,
commencing 16th February. Fee for the course, £3.
Thirty Lectures on Geology, by Professor Ramsay, F.R.S.; to be
delivered on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays, at half¬
past 1, commencing 16th February. Fee for the course, £3.
TRENHAM REEKS, Registrar.
HONOURABLE ARTILLERY COMPANY.—
Head-Quarters, Finsbury, E.C., Feb. 5, 1863.—R.O.—As the
Regiment will take part in the reception of H.R.H. the Princess Alex¬
andra on the occasion of her passage through the metropolis on the
7th proximo, the members are hereby desired to hold themselves in
readiness for that duty, and also to attend the previous drills.
In addition to the ordinary musters on Mondays and Thursdays at
6.30 p.m., extra drills will be given on Saturdays, the 7th, 14th, 21st,
and 28th inst., at 4 p.m., at which every member is particularly de¬
sired to attend.
No member will be permitted to fall in on the 7th March unless he

By order of Lieut.-Colonel Lord Colville,
G. BRINEWOOD POTTS, Captain and Adjutant.
RUSSELL INSTITUTION, Great Coram-street,
Russell-square. Tuesday, February 10th, at 8, a LECTURE will
be delivered by H. J. LINCOLN, Esq., on the Genius of John Sebastian
Bach. With Illustrations from his Instrumental Music, to be per¬
formed as Pianofurte Solos and Duets by Miss Fanny Howell and the
Lecturer.
RECRUITING.—First Middlesex Engineer Volun¬
teers: Head-quarters, South Kensington Museum.—RECRUIT¬
ING is now OPEN in the above corps up to the 28th February, 1863.
Uniform scarlet, facings blue. MacLeod of MacLeod, Lieut.-Col.
Commanding. Apply, by letter or otherwise, to Sergeant-Major Carlin,
No. 26, Whitchead's-grove, Brompton, S.W.
BAZAAR.—Queen's Concert Rooms, Hanover-square.
—20th Middlesex Rifle Volunteers.—A BAZAAR, under dis¬
tinguished patronage, in AID of the BRASS BAND FUND, will be
held on Wednesday and Thursday, 11th and 12th February. Tickets, 1s.
each, to be had of the principal musicsellers; at the Hanover-square
Rooms; and of Capt. Conran, Hon. Sec., Head-quarters, 239, Euston¬
road. Contributions will be thankfully received by any member of the
Committee.
GRAND NATIONAL EXHIBITION of SPORT¬
ING and other DOGS, under the immediate patronage of the
Nobility and Gentry, including—
The Most Noble the Marquis of
Captain C. D. Brickman

The Rev. Thomas Pearce
The Right Hon. the Earl of Eglin¬
Henry Brown, Esq.
ton and Winton
Henry Gilbert, Esq.
The Right Hon. the Earl of J. Farrer, Esq.
Coventry
J. T. Riley, Esq.
The Right Hon. the Earl of
Wm. Bishop, Esq.
Buchan.
H. D. Miles, Esq.
The Right Hon. the Earl of Stam¬
John A. Handy, Esq.
ford and Warrington
J. S. Bland, Esq.
The Right Hon. Lord Wharncliffe
Fredk. White, Esq.
The Right Hon. Lord Fitzhardinge
Chas. Smith, Esq.
The Right Hon. Lord George
Edgar Smith, Esq.
Loftus
. Wootton, Esq.
The Right Hon. Viset. Ranelagh
B. Potter, Esq.
Sir Robert Hamilton, Bart.
W. Watts, Esq.
Sir Charles Aldis.
R. Garth, Esq.
Major-General W. J. Phillips
C. Musters, Esq.
Colonel Brownlow Knox
W. Hughes, Esq.
Colonel M. Martyn.
P. Edwards, Esq.
Captain C. Cooke
W. Bishop, Esq.
will be held at the Ashburnham-hall, King's-road, Chelsea, adjoining
Cremorne, on Monday, March 23, and five following days. £1,000
prizes will be given away.
Ladies and gentlemen who intend sending their dogs to compete for
the prizes can be furnished with a prospectus, and form of entry to
fill up.
Terms:—Subscribers of two guineas will be entitled to 12 tickets of
admission, and to the subscribers marques; subscribers of one guinea,
six tickets of admission, and to the marquee ; and a charge of 2s. 6d.
for each dog exhibited; non-subscribers—an entrance fee of 5s. each
dog. Messrs. Ransom, Bouverie, and Co., bankers, Pall-mall east, will
receive subscriptions and pay awards. Subscriptions can be sent either
in postage stamps or post-office orders, payable to E.T. Smith, at the
Charing-cross office.
Special Notice.—The Grand Hall will be enlarged; the beautiful
stereorama will be lighted up and thrown into the promenade ; an ele¬
gant marouee will be erected for ladies and subscribers; and for the
health of all the dogs, the proprietor has given a paddock of
six acres for the exercise and trial of them—the only large building in
England where a paddock is annexed for the convenience and comfort
of the exhibitors' dogs. For ladies and gentlemen's toy dogs, the gen¬
ttemen on the Committee have arranged that they should be separated
from the larger dogs; and for the convenience of ladies and gentlemen
a large, commodious, detached, well-ventilated building will be devoted
to the exhibiters of these little pets. Hy. Brown, and Hy. Gilbert,
Esqs., have kindly consented to take the entire charge of these favourite
animals.—E. T. SMITH, Proprietor, Ashburnham-hall, King's-road,
Chelsea (adjoining Cremorne).—Offices, 18, Pall-mall east.
GRAND NATIONAL EXHIBITION of SPORT¬
ING and other DOGS.—Notice to Exhibitors.—At a SPECIAL
MEETING of the Committee, held on Wednesday night, H. BROWN,
Esq., in the chair, it was resolved,—
Firstly. That the dogs be received on Friday, March the 20th, and
up to Saturday morning, March 21st, at 10 o'clock, at Ashburnham¬
hall.
Secondly. That this will enable the judges to devote the whole of
that day to a fair and judicious decision for awarding the prizes to the

Thirdly, Additional prizes be given, viz:—
Russian Retrievers, Class 26 A. and 26 B.—Dogs and bitches;

Newfoundlands, Class 32.—That the prizes be doubled.
Mount St. Bernard's, Class 32 A.—Two silver cups.
Bull Terriers, over 10 1b, in weight; three silver aups. Under
10 1b. in weight; additional prizes be added of three silver cups.
Classes 39, 40, 45, 45, 47, and 48.—An extra prize cup be added to
each Class.
Pourthly.—That in consequence of the numerous applications from
all parts of the country, from intended exhibitors, they are requested
to return their forms of entry as early as possible to enable the Com¬
mittee to class the various breed of dogs, as the entries will be closed
on the 2d of March. Prospectuses and forms of entry may be had of
the proprietor, Mr. E. T. Smith, Ashburnham-hall, Chelsea; or at the
office, 18, Pall-mall east.
HORSES.—Important Notice to Owners and
Breeders of Horses. — Several noblemen and gentlemen, patrons
and subscribers, have written and suggested that at a suitable time after
the close of the dog show in the Ashburnham-building, which is 500 ft.
long, it would be desirable to have an EXHIBITION of HORSES.
Mr. E.T. Smith will be happy to carry out these suggestions (many of
which are most encouraging), and offer suitable prizes for that valuable
and noble animal, the horse, provided he has the patronage, support,
and co-operation of owners and breeders. The building for this pur¬
pose would be fitted up with commodious boxes; and dormitories for
day and night grooms superintending the horses a most valuable addi¬
tion to the building (which will be enlarged if necessary), is a paddock of
six acres, for the trial, exercise, and if required sale of the animal,
This convenience, togetherwith the central situation of the Ashburnham
grounds, being so near Belgravia and west-end, offers facilities not
to be obtained anywhere else near London. Ladies and gentlemen who
may feel interested or desirous of carrying out this national show on
a scale worthy the idea of the noble projectors, are solicited to send
their suggestions direct to the proprietor, E.T. Smith, Ashburnham¬
hall. Chelsea.
