G. to W. H. T.—RECEIVED all SAFE, W.B. quite
well.
FROM E. R., at B., to W. R.—I am here, and
must see W. R. on Tuesday, from 1 to 5 o'clock.
SHEFFIELD.—If J.C. H. will RETURN to his dis¬
tressed father, all shall be satisfactorily arranged.
CAPTAIN A. MELLERSH, R.N., returns to Eng¬
land shortly. Address 58, Pall-mall, London.
—Shall cross-examine the individual in your pre¬
sence. Contempt is the only treatment. We shall meet in
Paris on 15th at our mutual friend's. Till then, Toujours, &c.
MARY B— Croydon.—RECEIVED, with thanks,
SECOND HALF of £5 NOTE, for Mrs. N—, West Hartle¬
ROBERT W. SMITH.—INFORMATION WANT¬
LED. of his HEIRS. Smith died in Philadelphia, January 14,
1867; supposed to have come to America in 1814. Address Catharine
Smith, administratrix, No. 531, Redwood-street, Philadelphia, Penna,
U.S.A. By directions of Orphans' Court of Philadelphia.
TO COMMERCIAL TRAVELLERS.—The GEN¬
TLEMAN who was present at the Old England Hotel, North¬
wall, Dublin, on Thursday evening, the 1st November, 1866, and who,
in consequence of a mistake about 10 bullocks, kindly undertook to
cast up the books of a cattle dealer who was taken ill, is earnestly re¬
quested to COMMUNICATE his NAME and ADDRESS to Mr.
James Cross, cattle dealer, Wereham, Stoke Ferry, Norfolk.
MR. G. has RECEIVED "a FURTHER SUM of
£180, on account of an old-standing obligation." He wishes the
sender would let him know whom he has to thank.
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand,
W.C.—The Governors thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RE¬
CEIPT, through the donation boxes at the Hospital, during the mouth
of June, of £10 14s. 11d., including two £5 notes, Nos. 58905 and 58906.
HENE
T
DAILY GOVERNESS.—Clara bege to thank the
lady who answered her advertissement, which she will be pleased
to reply to, sending full particulars, if the LADY will kindly give her
NAME and ADDRESS. Address Clara, Messrs. Hatchard's, Picca¬
LOST, on Thursday last, between East India-avenue
and Newgate-street, a SMALL POCKETBOOK, containing a
draft on the Standard Bank, London, for £200. Whoever takes the
draft to Mr. Elliot, 475, Oxford-street, Bloomsbury, shall be RE¬
WARDED.
LOST, a ROMAN MOSAIC BROOCH, on the
evening of the 2d inst., at the Opera, Drury-lane, or on return¬
to Hereford-square, South Kensington, ONE POUND RE¬
WARD to anyone taking same to 15, Hereford-square, South Ken¬
LOST NOTE of HAND.—LOST, in transmission by
post, about the 6th of June instant, a PROMISSORY NOTE
of W. Turquand and R. P. Harding, liquidators of Overend, Gurney,
and Co. (Limited), dated 30th March, 1868, numbered in red 00766, for
£983 10s. 9d., payable 15th September, 1868. Payment is stopped. Any
person giving to the Liquidators of Overend, Gurney, and Co., 57½, Cole¬
man-street, information leading to the recovery of the note will be

GOLD BRACELET. —LOST, either in Oxford-street
or the Regent's-park, a GOLD LINK BRACELET, with plain
clasp and pendant. Whoever takes it to No. 9, Broad-street, Blooms¬
bury, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
THREE GUINEAS REWARD. —LOST, on Satur¬
day evening, the 27th June, either in South Andley-street or
King-street, St. James, a ROUND CRYSTAL LOCKET, with initials
in diamonds. Whoever will bring the same to Messrs. A. Webster and
Stockley, 60, Piccadilly, shall receive the above reward.
TO BANKERS, Bill Brokers, and others.—Caution.
—STOLEN, a BILL of EXCHANGE, £820 13s. 4d., drawn by
G. R. Herron on Thomson, Brothers, Alloa, dated 23 June, 1868, five
months, due 25th November. Any communication respecting the
above to be made to G. R. Herron, 163, Bermondsey-street.
OHN DEWSBERY, late of Coventry and Derby,
previously of Ombersley and Old Swinford, Worcestershire, after¬
wards of Manchester, and formerly of Birmingham, surveyor and
builder, age 50. Any INFORMATION leading to the address, if
living, and, if dead, date and place of death, of the above, addressed
to W. Newman, Esq., solicitor, 24, Bucklersbury, London, E.C., would
be gratefully received by his wife or widow, and the informant other¬
wise REWARDED.
WILEINM
PAYNE, Esq
late of Shottend
ne,
W
Margate.—A large mural monument, ered
doe to the

tor o of the abovenamed, in the
rish church of St. John's, Mar
gate, in the year 1728, has becomn,
dangerously,
secure, a.
seased
eieda u less etie.


cted. Any DESCENDANTS
or CONNEXIONS of the e,
William Payne, willing to incur the

requested to COMM
Na 
NICATE with the church
wardens of St. John's. Margate.
NEXT of KIN (new edition, just published).—A
classified and descriptive INDEX (of 18,000 names guaranteed)
to advertisements for Next of Kin. Chancery Heirs, Legatees, &c., from
1760 to 1868, post free 30 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER, 17, South¬
ampton-buildings, Chancer-lane, London, W.,
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all others havi

the personal estate and effects of JOHN McCORMICK, formerly of
No. 147, Leadenhall-Street, in the city of London, hatter, but late of
No. 39, Southwark-bridge-road, in the county of Surrey, porter, de¬
ceased, who died at No. 39, Southwark-bridge-road aforesaid, on the
4th March, 1866:—Notice is hereby given to you, that a CITATION has
ssued, under Seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated 22 June,
1868, citing you, within eight days after service thereof, to cause an ap¬
pearance to be entered for you in the Principal Registry of the said
Court, and accept or refuse letters of administration of the personal
estate and effects of the said deceased, or show cause why the same
should not be granted to John Greenwood, Esquire, as the Solicitor for
the Affuirs of Her Majesty's Treasury, and his successors in that office,
for Her Majesty's use, with an intimation that, in defanlt of your ap¬
pearing, such letters of administration will be granted to the said John
Greenwood, and his successors in office, accordingly
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
H. DYKE, Esq., Her Majesty's Proctor, Doctors'-commons.
POLOGY.—1, the undersigned, Hugh Kirk Craig,
of No. 71, Western-road, Brighton, draper and commercial tra¬
veller, do hereby express to Messrs. Hannington and Sons, drapers,
North-street, Brighton, my very deep regret at having personally pro¬
pagated statements prejudicial to their interest, and reflecting on the
stability of their firm, for which I am convinced there was not, nor
ever has been, the slightest foundation,
I unconditionally retract all that I have said, and hereby tender
them my sincere regret and APOLOGY, to be used and published as
they may see fit.
I am also grateful to Messrs. Hannington and Sons for having con¬
sented to withdraw from legal proceedings against me on condition
that I hand over to them the sum of £50 for the Sussex County Hos.
pital, and pay expenses. —Dated this 1st day of July, 10
(Signed)
HUGH KIRK CRAIG.
.To C. Sharood, Esq., Solicitor, Ship-street, Brighton, for
Messrs. Hannington and So.
CHANGE of SURNAME.—JAMES TREVOR.—
Take Notice, that I. TREVOR CADIFOR GWILYM JAMES
TREVOR, of the Bank House, Builth Wells, in the county of Brecon,
Esq., who up to the date and execution of the Deed Poll hereinafter
mentioned have used and been known by the surname of JAMES
only, have by Deed Poll under my hand and seal, and duly enrolled in
the High Court of Chancery, assumed and intend henceforth to use the
surname of TREVOR, in addition to my former surname of JAMES,
and by such double surname of James Trevor to designate myself, and
to be designated, known,, and distinguishhd by others in all grants,
deeds, wills, assurances, commissions, and other future instruments
whatsoever, and in all actions, suits, and other proceedings whatsoever
to or in which I am or may become a party or be otherwise interested,
and for every other purpose, and on every other occasion whatsoever.
And I, the said Trevor Cadifor Gwilym James Trevor do expressly
authorise and desire every person whomsoever to designate and de¬
scribe me by such surname accordingly.
Dated this 25th day of June 1862
TREVOR CADIFOR GWILYM JAMES TREVOR.
Witness to the signature of the said Deed Poll,
THOS. K. BROS, 15, Union-court, Old Broad-street,
London, Solicito.
MIDDLESEX.—Notice is hereby given, that the
next GENERAL QUARTER SESSICN of the PEACE, to be
held in and for this county, will commence on Monday, the 13th day
of July instant, at 10 o'clock precisely, at the Sessions-house on Clerken¬
well-green, and that such session will be continued and held by ad¬
journment at the said Sessions-house, on Thursday, the 16th day of
July instant, on which last-mentioned day, at 12 o'clock precisely the
business relating to the assessment, application, or management of the
county stock or rate will commence. —Dated this 1st day of July, 1868.
RICHD. NICHOLSON, Clerk of the Peace.
Sessions-house, Clerkenwell.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 505.—Nowills Cutlery
Works, Scotland-street and Pea-croft, Sheffield, Yorkshire.—In
the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53.—Notice is
hereby given, that on the application of William Thompson, of
Sheffield, in the county of York, gentleman, and of the said William
Thompson and Sarah his wife; Anne Thompson, of Sheffield aforesaid,
spinster; Frederick Purser, of No. 63, Lawford-street, in the county of
Middlesex, merchant's clerk, and Sarah Elizabeth his wife ; John Wil¬
liam Greenwood, of Ossett, in the said county of York, surgeon, and
Mary his wife : Emily Thompson, of Sheffield aforesaid, spinster:
Frances Blake Thompson, of Sheffield aforesaid, late a spinster, but
now the wife of Frederick Hall, of Leeds, in the said county of York,
surgeon; Samuel Giles Godfrey, of No. 8, Glover-street, Birkenhead, in
the county of Chester, commission agent, and Helen his wife; and
Thomas Blake, of Sheffield aforesaid, gentleman, the Registrar intends,
at the expiration of three calendar months from the date hereof, to
REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS
called or known as Nowill's Cutlery Works, in Scotland-street and Pea¬
croft, Sheffield, in the West Riding of the county of York, in the
tenures or occupations of John Nowill, Henry Nowill, Thomas
Matthias Nowill, Edward Nowill, Arthur Nowill, and Edward
Hawke, comprising warehouses, workshops, a dwelling-house,
counting-houses, and other buildings and yards, and delineated
on the Map, No. 505, deposited in the Office of Land Registry
as part of the description of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged
with red, together with the mines and minerals under the same.
If any person objects to, or desire to show cause against, such registra¬
tion, or claims that the same should be subject to any conditions or re¬
servations, or that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or
liability, not already proved or admitted before, the Registrar, should
be entered on the register, such person may be heard at the Office
Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expi¬
ration of the said three months, personally or by his solicitor or counsel,
or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection to, or to show cause
against, or to make such claim in respect of such registration. Buttany
person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in
writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and address
thereto, in the said office, before the expiration of the said three
months, otherwise he will be excluded from making the same. The
aforesaid map may be inspected at the said office
any time before
the expiration of the said three months.—Dated this 4th day of
July, 1868.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
SMITH and BURDEKIN, Solicitors to the Applicants.
SEWING MACHINES.—CAUTION.—It having
come to the knowledge of The GROVER and BAKER
SEWING MACHINE COMPANY, that sewing machines are being
offered for sale which are spurious imitations of their genuine
"Grover and Baker" machines, and infringements upon the Company's
patents, the public are cautioned against purchasing or using any such
machines, as proceedings will be taken against all persons who may be
found making, selling, or using the same after this notice. The head
office and dep5t of the Company is at 150, Regent-street, London, W.,
and the genuine Grover and Baker Machines can be had in London at
that address only.
Liverpool branch, 59, Bold-street.
J. HENRY JOHNSON, 47, Lincoln's-inn-fields,
Solicitor to the Company
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Queen
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONLY
ADDRESS is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.-HOWARD's PATENT EASY CHAIRS
d SOFAS. The celebrity of these goods, which combine
luxurious comfort with perfection of workmanship, having caused in¬
ferior imitations to be offered for sale, the public are informed that all
those manufactured by us have a brass label attached, with number of
patent and address of patentees.—Howard and Sons, 26 and 27, Ber¬
ners-street, Oxford-street, W.
CAUTION.—In consequence of frequent misrepre¬
sentations, E. MOSES and SON, merchant tailors, outfitters, &c.,
find it ne
ary to state that they do not employ any travellers or
agents, and that their only establishments are the undermentioned:
London Houses.
Corner of Minories and Aldgate.
New Oxford-street, corner of Hart-street.
Corner of Tottenham-court-road and Euston-road.
Country Branch, Bradford, Yorkshire.
CAUTION to DEALERS in PHOTOGRAPHS and
others.—Court of Chancery, June 12, before the Lords Justices
of Appeal, ex parte "Graves re Prince."—It having been decided by
this Court that the sale of PIRATED PHOTOGRAPHS of COPY¬
RIGHT ENGRAVINGS is in the nature of a criminal offence, and
bunishable under the Small Penalties Act by fine or imprisonment,
Messrs. Henry Graves and Co. trust that all persons will abstain from
purchas ing these photographs when offered for sale by hawkers and
others, and from directly or indirectly encouraging or inducing such
persons to infringe the law. Mr. Henry Graves will feel personally
obliged by any information (addressed to 6, Pall-mall) which may tend
to suppress this illegal trattie
CAUTION.—WATER FILTERS.—Prevention of
Cholera.—Placing a filter inside a cistern is objectionable, because
it can only be cleaned when the cistern is empty. The use of animal

is also objectionable, because its coarse, granular state
permit
nuimalculae and dirt to pass with
tite ter, and moreover, the
charcoal itself soon becomes foul, and then gives back to the water the
impurities which it had previously taken from it.
only real
urifier of water is the Silicated Carbon
to e enwhich has been proved
by.
Lancet
mmission to e e
pable of removing th e
ganic and
saline impn.


render the passage of

culse physically impossible. Filters for domestic use in all
zes.
Cistern filters (if required) from 12s. 6d.
eo e i iv ice flters

large quantities of water. Ilustrated price i,


mation on
plication to
Tn LICATED CARBON
FILTER Co., Church-road, Battersea, S.W.
