ULLY.—Unless you WRITE home N. will go mad.
She is very ill. Send for money if required. You are wanted
immediately for your old employment.—LULLY.
MAMILTON, Esq., who, in January, 1870, left the
Hotel de Russie, Frankfurt-on-Main, for Bonn, where he met
with an accident, will hear of something to his advantage on APPLY¬
ING to Mr. Pollaky, Private Inquiry office, 13, Paddington-green.
THE COUNCIL of the ROYAL ASYLUM of ST.
ANNES SOCIETY gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT
of FIFTY GUINEAS, from the Worshipful Company of Mercers.—
41, Coleman-street, E.C., March 2, 1870.
CHARING-CROSS HOSPITAL, West Strand,
.
CEIPT, through the Donation Boxes at the Hospital, during the month
 February, of £2 8s. 9d.
HENRY WOOLCOTT, Secretary.
LOST, a SANDAL-WOOD FAN. Was dropped
during the Dramatic Ball at Willis's-rooms, March 2d. The lady

returning it to her.—Miss E. R. Erskine, 18, Brunswick-sq., W. C.
LOST, in Upper Berkeley-street, Portman-square,



LOST, a PARCHMENT ROLL (a Pedigrec),
wrapped in a music case. Left in a cab at the House of Lords
on Tuesday morning last. A REWARD will be paid on application to
Mr. Evans, No. 15, Guilford-street, Russell-square.
LOST, on Thursday night, 3d inst., a DIAMOND
s
Laeneee
Widdowson and Veale, 73, Strand.

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, in Upper
Wimpole-street, on Sunday night, 20th Feb., a PLAIN GOLD
BRACELET, with turquoise snap. Whoever will take the same, to
Nash's, 4, Upper Weymouth-street, W., shall receive the above reward
OPERA GLASSES DROPPED, getting out of a
brougham at the Queen's Theatre, Feb. 22. TEN SHILLINGS
REWARD to whoever takes them to Marshall's library, 50, Edgware¬
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 10th
of February last, a BROOCH, the shape of a Maltese cross, set
in diamonds, rubies, and pearls. Whoever will deliver the same to
Mr. Austin, watchmaker, High-Street, St. John's-wood, shall receive


inst, in the neighbourhood of the New Kent-road, a BROWN

gold and silver. Numbers of the notes are 16618, 16619, 16620, dated Jan.
11, 1870. Payment, stopped at the Bank. Whoever will restore the
—seesesseman
Messrs. Taylor, Hoare, and Taylor, 28, Great James-st., Bedford-row.
ANY person who may have any CLAIMS against the

to forward them to the Mess President, on or before 14th March; after

BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
—
£900 Consolidated £3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the
name of THOMAS ATCHERLEY MASSY DICKIN, of Lopping¬
ton, Salop, Esquire, and which dividends were paid over to the Com¬
missioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in consequence

1860;—Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months
frem this date, the said Dividends will be paid to Thomas Atcherley
Masty Dickin, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimunt
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
VHEREAS THOMAS BLACKWELL, of Soho¬
square, in the county of Middlesex, Italian warehouseman,
and FRANCIS HENRY NEWLAND GLOSSOP, of Feltham-house,
Feltham, in the said county, Esquire, JOHN JAMES GLOSSOP of
Inwood, in the county of Somerset, Esquire, CHARLES GLOSSOP,
of Wolverton, in the said county of Somerset, clerk, and GEORGE
GOODWIN POWNALL GLOSSOP, of Twickenham, in the said
county of Middlesex, clerk, being respectively interested under the pro¬
visious of "The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of

dule hereunder written, with the easements and appurtenances there¬

the same, have made application, in writing, to the Inclosure Com¬
missioners for England and Wales, to direct enquiries whether such
proposed exchange would be beneficial to the owners of such respective
lands and hereditaments, and to proceed with the same under the pro¬
visions of the said Acts.
Now the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, being of
opinion that such exchange would be beneficial, and that the terms
thereof are just and reasonable, hereby give notice that they will cause
to be framed and confirmed, under their hands and seal, an order of
exchange in the matter of the said application, unless notice, in writing,
of dissent to the said proposed exchange be given to them by some
person entitled to an estate in, or to a charge upon, the said land and
hereditaments, or any part thereof, on or before the 6th day of June

The Schedule to which the foregoing notice refers.
Land and hereditaments in which the abovenamed Thomas Blach¬
well is interested, situate in the parish of Saint Anne, in the liberty of
Westminster, in the county of Middlesex, and proposed to be ex¬
changed for the land and hereditaments hereinafter specified:—
All that messuage or tenement, situate, standing, and being on the
north side of, and numbered 6, in a certain street or place called
Falcon-bridge, otherwise Falconberg-court, now or late in the occupa¬
tion of Mr. Carterfield, being the secend house west from Crown-street,
including the corner house, as the same with the abuttals and boun¬
daries is more particularly delineated in the plan annexed to the said
application; together with the rights, members, and appurtenances
thereto belonging, except the right to the ancient and other lights in
the west side of the same premises. 478 square feet.
Land and hereditaments in which the abovenamed Francis Henry
Newland Glossop, John James Glossop, Charles Glossop, and George
Goodwin Pownall Glossop are interested, situate in the parish of Saint
Anne, in the liberty of Westminster, in the county of Middlesex,
and proposed to be exchanged for the land and hereditaments herein¬
before specified:—
All that part of a messuage or tenement and yremises, with the
stable or cowhouse at the rear thereof, situate and being at the corner
of Falcouberg-mews and Sutton-place, as the same premises, with the
several dimensions thereof, are more particularly delineated and de¬
scribed in the plan annexed to the said application, together with all
and singular the appurtenances to the same premises belonging or ap¬

Witness my hand this 17th day of February, in the year of our Lord
1870.
H. PYNE, by order of the Board.
Inclosure Commission, 3, St. James's-square, London, S.W.
AND REGISTRY.—No. 503.—The Somerford
Keynes Estate, Somerford Keynes, Wilts.—In the Matter of the
Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53.—Notice is hereby given, that,
on the application of Sir HERBERT GEORGE DENMAN CROFT.
of Lugwardine-court, in the county of Hereford, Baronet, the Registrar
intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the date
hereof to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITA¬
MENTS called or known as Somerford Keynes Estate, in the parish
of somerford Keynes, in the county of Wilts, containing 539a. 3r. Sp.,
or thereabouts, partly in hand and partly in the tenures or occupations
of John Taylor, John Jefferies, Edward Pickett, Frederick P. Hawkes,
William Bowle, and others, a portion thereof occupied by John
Jefferies being bounded in part on or towards the west by the public
road from Ewen to Cirencester, in parts on or towards the south by the
public road from Ewen to South Cerney, and in part intersected by
the same road, and other portions being situate in or near to the
village of Somerford Keynes, all which said hereditaments are
delineated on the map No. 503, deposited in the office of Land
Registry as part of the description of the same hereditaments, and
thereon edged with red, together with the mmnes and minerals under
the same. If any person object to, or desire to show cause against
such registration, or claim that the same should be subject to
any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or
incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted
before the Registrar, should be entered on the register, such person
may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn¬
fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three months, per¬
sonally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to
make such objection to, or to show cause against, or to make such claim
in respect of such registration. But any person desiring to make such
objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particu¬
lars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the said office,
before the expiration of the said three months, otherwise he will be
excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map may be inspected
at the said office at any time before the expiration of the sain three
months. —Dated this 5th day of March, 1870.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
WICKINGS SMITH, Solicitor to the Applicant.
NOKOHAMA.—Mr. E. A. DANIELS CEASED to
be CONNECTED with our HOUSE from December 9, 1849.
okehama, 9th December 1869.
MARON and Co.
ADOLPHUS SALLUST, of 8, Cross-lane, Idol¬
lane, commission merchant, oeceased.—Any person having in his
estession any WILL made by the above gentleman, who died on the
1st March instant, is requested to apply to the undersigned, with
whom also William Zalmon, the brether of the deceased (if in Eng¬
land, is requested to communicate without delay.—3d March, 1870.
H. MONTAGU, Solicitor, 3, Bucklersbury, E.C.
NOTICE.—Alteration of Name.—I hereby give
notice, that it is my intention, from and after the 14th Gay of
March, this present menth, to TAKE the NAME MANSELL (ny
mother's maiden name), in addition to my present, and that for the
future, in all transactions whatsoever, I intend to sign, use, and be
knowh by the name of William Mansell MacCulloch only.—Dated this
3d day of March, 1870.
WILLIAM MacCULLOCH, The Touillets, Guernsey, and
of 6, Lower Beford-place, Russell-square, London.
Witness—Thomas Culleton, Gencalogist, 25, Cranbourn-street,
Leicester-square, London, and John Lukis Mansell, Guernsey.
DUC de MONTEBELLOS CHAMPAGNES.—
Caution.—Whereas, an INJUNCTION in Chancery has been
optained in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Gemmer," restraining
the defendant and all others from selling or parting with sundry cases
of Rhenish wine, imported from Rotterdam, containing bottles bearing
imitation Duc de Montebello's labels and corks, and further prohi¬
bining the importation or saie of all wines be ring such imitation labels
or corks; and whereas, in the cause "Duc de Montebello v. Jebens,"
tried in the Tribunal Correctionnel of Havre, a parcel of 250 cases,
containing 3,000 bottles of wine, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello
labess and corks, scized by the French Custons' authorities (the said
spurious wines having been sent from Germany and Havre to be
thenee shipped to England, and thus through the colourable importa¬
tion from a French port to avoid detection on arrival here), were ad¬
judged to be comiscated; all persons are hereby cautioned against deal¬
ing with sputious champagnes, bearing imitation Duc de Montebello
labels and corks.
TAMPLIN and TAYLER, 159, Fenchurch-Street, E.C.,
Solicitors to the Duc de Montebello.
R. SYMONDS and SON, 3, Ingram-court, 167, 168, Fen¬
church-street, E.C., Agents to the Duc de Montebello.
UC de MONTEBELLOS CHAMPAGNES.—
R. SYMONDS and SoN direct especial attention to the pre¬
coning CAUTION, as renewed attempts are being made to introduce
spurious wines, bearing forged Duc de Montebello labels and corks.
The genuine Duc de Montebello's Champagnes can be obrained of any
respectable wine merchant in town or country.
SPECIAL NOTICE.—Complaints being made by the
authorities, C. NOSOTTI would be glad if, during the sale, car¬
riages will, after setting down, draw off in Dean-street, and thus avoid
confusion with those for the Saho Bazuar.—398, &c., Oxford-street.
NOTICE.—HOWARD and SONS beg to notity to
their patrons and the public that their EASY CHAIR and
SOFA SHOW ROOMS, as well as the General Cabinet Warehouse,
CLOSE at TWO p.m. on SATURDAYS.—26 and 27, Berners-st., W.
NOTICE.—The LEGAL, CLERICAL, and MEDI¬
CAL CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY, 374, Euston-road, N.W.—
Members are informed that this Society has no connexion with a com¬
pany of a similar name now in liquidation.	The MANAGER.
NOTICE.—To Executors and others.—The GOLD¬
SMITHS ALLIANCE (Limited) PURCHASE OLD PLATE,
&c., in any quantity for cash. Valuations given.—11 and 12, Cornhill,
London, opposite the Bank of England.
NOTICE.—The New Scrap-Book Portrait (Regis¬
tered).—Monsicur ADOLPHE BEAU begs to introduce this
NEW PORTRAIT, especially for scrap-books, which may be fixed
without brush or gum. The sitting and 40 copies one guinea.—
No. 283, Regent-street.
NOTICE—DRUCE and Co. beg to announce that
they have RESUMED the HOUSE AGENCY BUSINESS, and
enlarged the decorative department, where they are now showing a
handsome collection of French and English papers and decorations.—
Nos. 68, 69, and 58, Baker-street, and 3 and 4, King-street, Portman-sq.
NOTICE.—The TWEEDS manufactured by the
eminent firm of W. Bliss and Co., Chipping Norton, have for
many years been noted for their superior quality and enduring wear.
In consequence of several firms manufacturing an inferior imitation,
Messrs. W. Bliss and Co. stamp their Tweeds, every two yards and a
half, "W. Bliss, Chipping Norton, shrunk." The above renowned
Tweeds are now being used for the Sydenham Suits. Patterns post
free.—SAMUEL, BROTHERS, merchant tailors, 50, Ludgate-hill.
NOTICE.—Mr. E. HARTRY, Surgeon-Dentist, in
consequence of the death of his brother, has REMOVED from
No. 42, Harley-street, Cavendish-square, to 41, St. Martin's-lane, Tra¬
falgar-square, the original firm.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. FREDK. DAVIS,
importer, purchuser, and valuer of old Sevres, Chelsea, Worcester,
Dresden, and other rare china and works of art in general, begs to in¬
form the nobility, gentry, and public that he has REMOVED from
No. 100, New Bond-street, to his new gallery, 51, Pall-mall, W. (nearly
opposite Marlborough-house), where his valuable collection of old Sevres,
other rare porcelains, and objects of art arealways on sale. N.B.—F.D.
continues to purchase rare old china and curiosities to any amount.
REMOVAL.—Messrs. SALT and Co. beg to an¬
nounce the REMOVAL of their London OFFICES and
STORES to St. Pancras Station, Old St. Pancras-road, N.W.—Brewery,
Burton-on-Trent, Feb. 23, 1870.
TELESCOPE.—For SALE, an excellent 30-inch
ACHROMATIC TELESCOPE, 29, inch aperture, with three
powers complete, on tripod garden stand, with racked vertical and
horizontal motions (second-hand), by Cary. Price 12 guineas. Apply

