Z. Z.Z.—LETTERS RECEIVED. Send address.
ELO.—Call for a letter at the post-office, Great Port¬
land-street.
LARGE pecuniary engagements and other difficul¬
ties by which I am at present surrounded render it absolutely
impossible for me to carry out your wishes, so at once give up the idea,
and write to say so, or I shall be very angry.—TOM BELL.
IF Mr. WESTON, formerly of Portsmouth, hotel
eeper, will COMMUNICATE his address to F. G., at Deacon's,
No. 154, Leadenhall-Street, he will hear of something to his advan¬
NEXT of KIN.—Banks.—The RELATIONS or
NEXT of KIN of ELIZABETH BANKS, late of Pembroke¬
house, Hackney, in the county of Middlesex, spinster, deceased, who
died there on the 25th day of December, 1859, are requested to APPLY
to the Solicifor of the Treasury. Whitehall, London.
LON
LANTONIO BERNABEU, who in the year
I
marrie d a
Hambe den, in.
N


aone is infor ne
tah tat his wife died n ganu in,

 is requested to COMMUNICATE with Mr., Nicholas- Mercer,
Henley-on
maiees, in the county of Berks, solicitor;

Gabrict, 43, Lincoln's-inu¬.
 London, soliciton
able to
NO p ers
give information as to the present or last known place of abode of the
said Don Autonio Bernaben or his deat.
if h e de a d, is also requet
sted.
to communicate with Mr.
ae , e  .
THE Bishop of AUCKLAND, New Zealand, is.
anxious that his English correspondents should know that their
letters posted in England in January have not reached him. The
letters were probably burnt in the terrible railway accident to the mail
train n e ae eie.
LOST, on Sunday evening, by a passenger travelling
by 8.30 p.m. train from London to Portsmouth, a PURSE, con¬
aining money. A REWARD if required. Address William, Keppel's
Head, Portses.
LOST, on Whit-Monday, at Chislchurst, a SPITZ
POMERANIAN DOG, white, with fawn colour on back and ears;
name, Lulu. Any person giving informatio
oning the same
to Rev. F. Murray, Chislchurst, shall be REWARDED.
ST. on the evening of 30th May, a GOLD NECK¬
LET, with Locket and Cross atta hed: supposed to have
been dropped in a cab, taken from near Metropolitan Railway, King's¬
cross, to Uppor llaker-street. Whoever returns the same to 7, Taunton¬
place, Park-road, Regent's-park, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Wednesday
evening, 31st May, near Marble Arch, a LONG-HAIRED WHITE
DOG, cross of Maltese and poodie. Name Bianco. Take to 29, Nor¬
olk-crescent, Hyde-park.
ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD.—LOST, at 6
o'clock in the evening of Wednesday, May 31, near Hyde-park¬
corner, a BLACK and TAN TERRIER BITCH, with collar with
name and address, Mrs. Wilberforce, the Deanery, Southampton,
Whoever will take her to Winchester-house, St. James's-square, shall
receive the above reward.
DOG LOST, on Sunday last, at St. John's-wood—
Black Retriever, white star breast. Answers to the name of Lion.
Whoever will take the same to 3, Fienheim-road, shall be RE¬
WARDED.
WHEREAS TWO WARRANTS, dated respec¬
tively the 12th day of April, 1871, one numbered 22.5555, for 50
packages of sugar, and the other numbered 22,556, for 23 packages of
sugar and one bag of sweepings, the property of Messrs. Brandt and
Placke, of No. 118, Fenchurch-Street, in the city of London, have been
STOLEN from their counting-house:—The public are hereby cautioned
against purchasing the sugar or dealing with the said warrants in any
way. Any person who can give INFORMATION as to the said war¬
rants will please communicate with Messrs. Stibbard and Beck, of
No. 2. East India-avenue, Leadenhall-Street, London, the solicitors for
Messrs. Brandt and Placke.
FOUND, May 10th, in a railway carriage, TWO GOLD
LADYS RINGS, wrapped in paper. Apply, by letter, describing
them, to R. F. M., 76. Kennington-park-road, S.E.
FOUND, a BLACK and TAN COLLIE DOG.
with little white on the chest and under the tail. When found
had a brass collar on. Apply at 15, York-terrace-mows, Regent's-park.
If not claimed within seven days, will be SOLD, to defray expenses.—
DIAMOND ORNAMENT FOUND, on Thursday
morning, May 25th, between, South Lambeth-road and Knights-¬
e. Apply to Mr. S.S
a  lewvoller and watchmaker, 151 and 153,
ington-causeway, S.E.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to th
evernore of thee

to direct the retransfer.
rom the Commissioners for the Beduction o e
the National e.


a d d Consolidated £3 per
Cent. Annuities, here to fo e.
o oninininini in the n es
SAN.
ARALP¬
t .
DEE
toer, banker, I iin


 ot, Devonshire, Gentle.
 FRANCIS IMPEY, of
No. 12, Bedford-row, Middlesex. Gent.

tues ered to
the said Commissioners inconsequence of the divid ee.
the eroon having
remained unclaimed since the 5th of January, 1859;—Notice
eb
iven
that, on the expe  .
toe oe hr eo
oonths from this date, the said

transferred, and the Dividen  e
ne a a d, to Raipn
Sanders and Francis Impey, the survivors, who have claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim

BANK of EN G e.
AN D.
Hnclaimed St
E.App¬
cation
a ing been made to the Governors of the 
k of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Red
to f
the National Debt of the sum of £1,34.
a . . Consolidated 3 pe r.
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names o
RANCIS
CLARE FORD, of Park-street, Grosvenor-square, Esquire: THOMAS
NO UN H ES, of Lincon's-in



RICARDO, e eo en
rles-street, Londees
Bn re esqe i ey,
thoecenh .
was transferred to the said Commissioners in
onsequence of the
dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5
January,
1861;—N.
is hereby giver that on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Trane
rred, and the Dividends
thereon Paid, to Francis Clare Ford, Thomas Hughe.

Ricardo, who have claimed the same, unless some oth

soonerapp
and mnake out his claim thereto.
IN Her MAESEE STY.
A COURT of PROE
S TE.—
TO
the NE
KIN (if anyl a al oetete

interest in
the
tmal estate o f
AOININAH CHRIMES, late of Red-bank, within
Manchester,
the county of Lancaster widow, deceased (who died in¬



given to you.
that a CITATION has 1sst.
toe e eal of Her Majesty's o t o e
Probate, at the instance of Francis Whitaker, Esquire, the solicitor

  est o s .


thirty day.

ocause an


cipal Registry of the said Court, and accept or refuze letters of adminis¬
tration of the e e e
anal estate
the said deceased, or show cause why
the same should not be grante.
a
thitaker, as the
nom
of Her Majesty, for Her Majesty's use, with an intimation
th at e au lt o atpe e e
te o the
ain n c i t ation, the letters of ad¬
ministration will be granted to the said Francls Whitaker.
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
ALFRED AYRTON, Her Majesty's Proctor, in right of Her
Duchy of Laucaster.
IN the Matter of LETTERS PATENT, for the United
Kingdon of Great Britain and Jreland, the Chaunel Islahds, and
Isle of Man, dated the 2 e
January, 1868 (No. 278), granted to
GRORGE KELLOGG, of New York, United States of Ameriea, then
temporarily residing at Edward's Hote, George-street, in the county of
Middlesex, for the invention of
Improvements in Hats, bounets, and
other coverings for the head, and in machmery for manufacturing the
same," a communication from abroad by Henry Kellong, of New
Haven, United States of America: Notice in hereby given, that John
Goddard, the younger, assignes of the said letters patent has applied
by petition to the Commissioners of Patents, according to the statute
in that case made and provided, fo eoe
to entera DISCLAIMER and
MEMORANDUM of ALTERATION of PARTS of, the SPECIFICA¬
T.ON of the said letters patent, and any person intending to oppose
such application must leave notice thereof at the office of the Solicitor¬
Goneral, No. 1, Brick-court, Temple, within 10 days from the date
hereof. —Dated this 29th day of May, 1871.
HYDE £ TANDY, 33, Ely-place, London, Agents for the said
John Goddard, the younger.
IN the HIGB COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 5,638.—GEORGE and RICHARD.—Whereas in a
causs of Limitation of Liabliity, instituted in the High-Court of Ad¬
miralty of England on behalf of Richard Humble. John Morgan,
George Brown the younger, John Brown, and Eliza Brown, widow, all
of Sunderland, in toe county of Durham, shipowners, the owners of
the brig or vessol George and Richard, against Robert Alexander, of
Water-street, Liverpool, in the county of Lancaster, merchant, the
owner of the late barque or ressel Eleutheris, and of the carto laden
on board her, the plaintiff in a cause enditied the George and Richard,
No. 5,612, and agamst the master and others, the survivors of the
crew of the said late barque or ressol Eleutheria, proceeding for
their money, clothes, and private effects, the plaintiffs in a cause,
ontitled the George and Richard, No. 5,630, and also against all
and every other person or persons whomsoever interested in the
said vessels George and Richard and Eleutheria, or having any right,
claim, or interest whatever with reference to, or arising out of, a colli¬
sion which occurred on or about the 15th day of January, 1871, between
the said vessels George and Richard and Eleutheria, the Judge of the
said Court did, on the 1st day of April, 1871, amongst other things, pro¬
nounce that the owners of the brig or vessel George and Richard are
entitled to limited hability, according to the provisions of the Merchant
Shipping Act, 1854, and the Merchant Shipping Act Ambpdment Act,
1862; and that in respect of losr of hie or personal injury,  ohildss or 
damage to ships, boats, goods, merchandise, or other tlings'caused by
reason of the imprope  ee
gation of the said brig
vessel George and
Richard on the occasion of the coifision between the said vessel and
the late barque or vessel Eleutheria on the 16th day of January, 1871,
the owners of the said b r e,
 George and Richard are answer¬
able in damages to an amount not exceeding four thousand eight hun¬
dred and fortysone pounds (£4,841), such sum being at the rate of
fifteen pounds (£15) for each ton of the regisiered tonnage of the said

chad:—This is, therefore, to give notice to all
persons having any CLAIM in respect of the LOSSsor" DAMARE
caused as afpresaid, that if they do not come in anf enter their tlaims
in this cause on or before the third day of July next ensuing they will
be excluded from sharing in the aforesaid amount. —Dated the 9th day
of May, 18710.
H. C. ROTHERY, Registrar.
Taken out by Thomas Cooper, 153, Leadenhall-Street, London.
NORTH-EAST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Hackney Union.—I, the undersigned, Thomas Wrake
Ratcliff, attorney-at-law, Auditor of the above named District, do
hereby give notice, that I have appointed the AUDIT ot t
ACCOUNTS of the HACKNEY UNION, and of the Parishes therein
contained, for the half-year ended 25th March, 1871, to commence on
Thursday, the 15th day of June, 1871, at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, at
the Hackney Union Workhouse, at Homerton, when and where all
persons who by law are bound to account at such Audit are required to
attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills, and rouchers, con¬
taining or relating to the accounts or to moneys assessed for and ap¬
plicable to the rehief of the poor. —Dated the 31st day of May, 1871.
(Signed) THOS. W. RATCLIFF, District Auditor.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 616.—In the Matter of
the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap, 53.—Notice is hereby
aiven, that on the application of the Reverend THOMAS BRADFORD
BARTLETT, of Stocklinch, in the county of Somerset, clerk, the Regis¬
trar intends, at the expiration of three calendsr months from the date
hereof, to REGISTER with an radefeasible TITLE, the HEREDITA¬
MENTS, called or known as the Advowson Donation and right of
Patronage and Presentation of, in, and to the rectory or parish church
of St. Pancras, alias St. Pancras Rousdon, allas Penny Cross, in the
county of Devon. If any person object to, or desire to show cause
agains, such registration, or claim that the same should be subject
to any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or
incumbrance, charge or liability, not alresdy proved or admitted
before the Registrar, should be entered on the register, such person
may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn¬
fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three months, per¬
sonally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make
such objection to, or to show cause against, or to make such claim in
respect of such registration. But any person desiring to make such
objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the par¬
ticulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the said
office before the expiration of the said three months, otherwise he will
be excluded from making the same. — Dated this 2d day of June, 1871.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
EDWD. F. SEALY, 61, Lincoln's-inn-fielus, Agent for Messrs.
Tucker and Forward, Solicitors to the Applicant, Chard,
TSOt
AND REGISTRY.—No. 600.—In the Matter of
theect o e
and 26th Victorla, chae
53.—Notico is bere ye
given, that on the application of DONALD NICOLL, of Oakland-hall,
est-end-park, Kilburn, in the county of Middlesex, E.
tue i re, the
Resistray
te edes t the expiration of three calendar months ir
hi.

teR wit n
ER L.
ndefcasible TITLE the HERE¬
OI TAMENTS called or
a
Westtend
ark Estate, Kilburn,
in t
parish
St. John's, Hampstead, in the county
Middlesex,
containing 31a. 3r. 38p., or thereabout, partly in hand and partly in the
tenures or occupation
the representatives of John Douglas, deceased,
John Westwoo.
Frederick Campion, Frederick Pelbam, John ives
and others, bounded in part on or fowards the notth e.
Hampstead
Baaly

and on or towards
aet e et

ti ni ng Oaklands¬
1 e to.
and 35 to 91, all inclusive,


a lldn.
te d didelineated on the

No. 609, deposite oe

aht te
Registr y sn.
description of the same heredit e.
te d thereon edged with red,

mes and minerals under the e

to, or desire to show cause against, such registration, or glaim that the
eame should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any
particular estate or incumbrance, charge or llability, not already proved
or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the register, such
person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's¬
inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three months,
personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or, otherwise, to
make such objection to, or to show cause a
ainst, or to make such claim
in nespet o 
che e estration. But any person
iriing to make such
obiection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particu¬
lars th e e t t
tien ee and
ae ese thereto, in the raid office
before the expiration of the said three months, otherwise he will be
excluded from making the same. The aforesaid map may
inspected

at the
o at any
tiebeion
taee
iration of the sati th 

s 2d day of June, 1870.
O. P. MORDAUNT, Chief-Clerk.
N R E
ORE E
. Solicitor o et p n 
and S
c.
PEPSINE.—
The public are CA
TIONED against
IMITATIONS of MORSON
PEPSINE. This preparation (in
its three forms) is issued with our labels, nakie, and address, and is
that which is recommended by the medical profe

son and Son. Nos. 31, 33, and 124, Southampton-ro.
Nussell-sq.,
C.
