DECEIVED.—R.
WILL FLY. JOIN AL. and S. in EXCUR¬
SION to PARS, on the 31st ult.?
WILLIAM WOODBURN WILSON, formerly of
Kendal, Westmoreland, and latterly of Bowness. He or his
descendants are requested to APPLY to W. Nicholson, Esq., 48, Lime¬
street, London.
THE TRACEY PEERAGE.—The DOCUMENTS
left some years since at the Private Inquiry office in Devereux¬
rt. Strand, can be had by the claimants to this barony.—W.

LOST, in Hyde-park, on Wednesday, Feb. 28, a
BLACK RETRIEVER DOG, with white spot on breast; answer¬
ing to the name of "Jock." Whoever will bring th
1te   nee¬
vouport-mews, Glocester-square, shall be liberally REWARDED.
LOST, on Sunday, the 18th instant, between 8 and
10 o'clock p.m. (supposed to have been dropped in a first-class
carriage of the Underground Railway), a large OPEN ENVELOPE,
containing two very old shares of the Epsom Grand Stand Association.
Whoever will take them to either of the addresses on the envelope, or
No. 72, Charrington-street, N.W., shall be REWARDED. They are
utterly valueless to the finder.
LOST.—"Sol preceps rapitur, proxima nox adest."
Rev. Louls C. ig.
Grendon, Northampton, will send "Hymns,
Ancient and Modern." Subscription (7s. 6d.) edition, gratis, for this
Latin Hymn. Authors of 134, 137, 165, 216, 248 wanted. Prospectus 1d.
WARWICK RACES.—WATCH LOST—a gold
lever hunter, maker's name E. J. Dent, No. 11,432. Whoever
will deliver the same to H. L., Cooke and Son's, booksellers, High¬
ree,Warwick, shall receive TEN POUNDS REWARD.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—Small SCOTCH
TERRIER DOG LOST, early in February, in the west-end;
weight about 51bs., long nose, short legs, colour blue and blue tan;
answers to the name of "Sneider." A reward of £10 will be paid for
such evidence as will procure the conviction of any person for detaining
said dog after the 26th inst. Apply at 4, Westbourne-square, Upper
Westbourne-terrace.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, about
1 o'clock, on Thursday, the 22d March instant, supposed in a
steamboat at St. Paul's-wharf, a PIECE of PARCHMENT, on which
was printed the form of probate used in the Probate Court (Principal
Registry), having two stamps, one of
£500, and the other of £25, im¬
pressed thereon, and dated "21.3.66." The name "Powell" is written
in pencil on the back of the parchment. The stamps have been
stopped at all the offices, and are of no use to the finder. Whoever
will bring the same to Messrs. Powell, Thompson, and Groom, 3, Ray¬
mond-buildings, Gray's-inn, shall receive the above reward.
FOUND, yesterday before the door of 85, Oxford¬
street, a small BUNCH of KEYS. They can be had by apply¬
ing at W. Bauer's lace warehouse, as above, by giving description of
same and paying expense of advertissement.
FOUND, a PURSE on 17th March, 1866, at the
Euston-square Station. It will be returned on applica¬
tion, by giving a full description and paying for this advertisement.
Address J. G., post-office, Burton-crescent, W.C.
FOUND, at Holland's Golden Canister Tea Ware¬
house, 127, Oxford-street, W., TWO BANK of ENGLAND
NOTES (£10 each). The owner, on applying as above, giving dates
and numbers, and paying advertisement expenses, will have the notes
restored. (Second advertisement.)
NOTICE.—Unless the TWO BOXES left by Mr.
Harper at 12, Cambridge-terrace Southend, Essex, in January,
1865, be REMOVED, they will be SOLD in 14 days from this date to
ay the expenses.
NOTICE.—The JENNINGS PROPERTY.—Im¬
portant INFORMATION respecting this curious case, involving
many millions of property, to which various persons of the name of
Jennings, and numerous others connected by marriage with that
family, are entitled, is published in "Researches respecting Family
History, Unclaimed Property, and Estates in Abeyance." Price 5s.;
or by post for 62 postage stamps. Address J. H. Fennell, 49, Millbank-¬
street, Westminster, S.W.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of One Dividend on the sum of
£7,639 16s. 9d. Consolidated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore
standing in the names of THOMAS COXHEAD CHISENHALL
MARSH, of Gaynes-park, Epping, Esq., Rev. HENRY AUGUSTUS
MARSH, of Tuxford Vicarage, Notts. THOMAS GEORGE GRAHAM
WHITE, of Wethersfield, Essex, Esq., and Rev. BARTLET GEORGE
GOODRICH, of Newbury, Berks, and which Dividend was paid over
to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in con¬
sequence of its having remained unclaimed since the 5th January,
1856; Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Dividend will be paid to Thomas Coxhead
Chisenhall Marsh, who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN the Matter of ELIZABETH KIRBY, a person
of unsound mind, so found by inquisition.—Under the provisions
of the Lunacy Regulation Act, 1853, any person or persons claimin
to be the HEIR or HEIRS at LAW of the said ELIZABETH
KIRBY, formerly residing at Croom's-hill, and afterwards at Royal¬
hill, both in Greenwich, in the county of Kent, spinster, but now
residing at Camberwell-house Lunatic Asylum, situate at Camber¬
well, in the county of Surrey, or claiming to be entitled under the
Statutes for the Distribution of Intestates Estates (in case she were
now dead intestate) to her personal estate, are, on or before the 8th
day of April, 1866, by their solicitors, to come in and prove their heir¬
ship or kindred before the Masters in Lunacy, at their office, 45, Lin¬
coln's-inn-fields, in the county of Middlesex; or, in default thereof,
they will be peremptorily precluded from the benefit of all proceedings
in the above matter. —Dated this 7th day of March, 1866.
R NCIS BARLOW.
SALMON FISHERY ACT, 1865.—Notice is hereby
given, that it is the intention of the Right Honourable Sir George
Grey, Bart., one of HerMajesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to grant
a certificate under his hand forming into a FISHERY DISTRICT
the riveriTYNE, as hereinafter defined; and that the limits of the said
river for the purposes of the said Act shall be defined to include so
much of the river Tyne and its tributaries, as is situate within the
counties of Cumberland, Northumberland, Durham, and the Town of
Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and also the estuary of the said river, and so
much of the coast as lies between Souter Point, in the county of
Durham, and Crag Point, in the county of Northumberland, and all
rivers flowing into the sea between the said points and being within the
said counties.—Home-office, March, 1866.,
MUDSON's BAY TERRITORY.—Notice. —Share¬
holders who may not have received Mr. DODD's ADDRESS
areinformed that it will be forwarded free on written application to
Mr. Stanford, 6, Charing-cross, S.W. Non-shareholders may pur¬
chase the same of A. H. Baily and Co., 3, Royal Exchange-buildings.
NOTICE.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Nos. 3, and 39, Bruton-street, Bond-street, jewellers and silver¬
smiths to the Queen and the Prince and Princess of Wales, feel com¬
pelled (in consequence of advertisements which are likely to mislead
the public) to announce that they are not connected, either in business
or by relationship, with any other house in London Their only
address is 38 and 39, Bruton-street, Bond-street.
A. F. DENT, 33 and 34, Cockspur-street, Charins's
cross, watch, clock, and chronometer maker to Her Majesty.—
Notice.—Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery, on the application of
M. F. Dent, granted, on the 11th July, 1861, a perpetual injunction
restraining Henry William Turpin and others from manufacturing
selling, or exporting any watches marked with the name of "Dent."
M. F. Dent has to CAUTION all persons whomsoever against the
fraudulent use of any of the following trade-marks:—"M. F. Dent, 33
Tseecme¬
t ent ""M. F. Dent.
and Co." "M. F. Dent;" "Dent and Co. ;" "Dent."—M. F. Dent,
33 and 34, Cockspur-street, Charing-cross.
NOTICE.—BLOCKEY's.—The alterations will in
no way interfere with usual business arrangements. Letters
to 21, Duke-street, as before. The opening of the new dining and
luncheon rooms will be duly announced.—21, Duke-street, and
No. 80, Jermyn-street, St. James's.
THAMES SUBSCRIPTION CLUB.—Members
and their friends are hereby informed that the steamboat
VOLUNTEER will leave Allhallow's (upper pier), London-bridge,
To-morrow, at 6.30 a.m., calling at Hungerford, 6.40; Westminster
(Middlesex side), 6.45; Nine Elms, 6.50; Pimlico, 6.55; Cadogan, 7;
arriving at Putney at 7.20. Strict time will be kept.
By order, HENRY CLEMENT SMITH, Hon. Sec.
No. 33, Clifton-gardens, Maida-hill, W.
WNIVERSITY
ARACE.—Trinity-hall steamboat
CITIZEN N will leave Hungerford-bridge-pier at 6.30 a.m.,
or Putney direct.
OXFORD and CAMBRIDGE RACE DANCE will
take place, as arranged, Large Hall, Freemasons Tavern, THIS
EVENING March 23, at half-past 12 o'clock. Supper at 2. For
tickets apply at Austin's ticket office, St. James's-hall, Piccadilly; and
to the Manager, Freemasons' Tavern; also at the doors, on the night.
TIPPING and LAWDEN, manufacturers of Small
Arms, having withdrawn from the Association called the Bir¬
mingham Small Arms Trade, request intending purchasers to forward
specifications direct to their address, Constitution-hill, Birmingham.
PARIS.—PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE (esta¬
blished 1852), at 20, Devereux-court, Temple. Inquiries made in
Paris by an officer specially appointed, who will proceed to the above
city on the 1st of every month until further notice.—JOHN SIMPSON
MIGNOR CASTELLANI, of Rome and Naples, begs
to inform English collectors and the curators of the National
Museums that he proposes to hold a SALE at Paris on the 3d. 4th, and
5th of April (not in March as previously advertised), when a large
assemblage of WORKS of antique art and of the Italian revival will
be offered by public AUCTION. This important collection consists
chiefly of Greek painted vases, terra-cottas, and bronzes of the best
periods; also of Florentine works in carved wood, majolica, and
metal. The antiquities comprise objects of the rarest kind, and are
the result of Signor Castellani's own excavations in Magna Greecia
and Etruria. The collection will be on view at the Hotel Drouot, on
the 1st and 2d of April, and the sale will take place on the three fol¬
lowing days. Catalogues may be had on application to Mr. East¬
wood, 27, Haymarket, London; or to M. Rollin, 12, rue Vivienne,
Paris.
TO LITERARY, Artistic, and Archscological
SOCIETIES.—A spacious GALLERY, warmed and lighted, and
with the usual attendance, to be LET, for evening meetings. For rent
and full particulars apply to the Secretary, 9, Conduit-street, Regent-st.
TO PLANT BROKERS.—WANTED to PUR¬
CHASE, two or three old-fashioned HOT LEES PUMPS, in
good condition. Send particulars to L. Cowan and Son, Hammer¬
smith-bridge Works, Barnes, London, S.W.
LATHE.—A valuable 6-inch centre TURNING
LATHE, with chucks, for SALE, a bargain. May be seen at the
offices of the Factors' Commission Association, 15, Beaufort-buildings,
Strand
MONOGRAMS.—Five quires of superior cream
note and 100 envelopes, stamped in the very best colours, any
bination of letters, for 5s. Specimens on receipt of stamp.—JAS.
MACMICHAEL, designer and stationer, 207, King's-road, Chelsea.
MONOGRAMS.—Five Quire Cream Laid Note and
100 Envelopes, stamped in colour with initials, crest, address,
for 3s. 6d., carriage paid.—T. CULLETON, seal engraver, 20, Cran¬
bourn-street, corner of St. Martin's-lane, W.C
MONOGRAMS.—Five quires of superfine cream¬
laid note and 100 envelopes to correspond stamped in colour,
any one, two, or three initials, for 5s. Specimen sheets on receipt of
stamped envelope.—J. T. ROBERTS, heraldic engraver and stationer,
No. 37, Hereford-road, Bayswater, W.
MONOGRAMS, Coronets, Crests, and Mottoes, or
Address Dies Engraved for nothing if an order be given for
a guinea box of stationery, to contain a ream of the very best paper,
and 500 envelopes to match, all stamped free of charge, and sent to
any railway station. Monograms designed (1s.) by T. CULLETON,
diesinker to Her Majesty and the Board of Trade, 25, Cranbourn¬
street, corner of St. Martin's-lane, W.C.
MONOGRAMS for NOTE PAPER.—W. LEU¬
CHARS begs to call attention to his original designs for
crests, monograms, &c., for note paper and envelopes. Dies engraved,
and writing paper illuminated in the highest style of art, at very mode¬
rate prices. No charge for plain stamping. Sheets of specimen mono¬
grams free by post.—W. Leuchars, by special appointment to H.R.H.
the Prince of Wales, 38, Piccadilly, London.
MONOGRAMS (PARKINS and GOTTO's).
Sketches by the first artists in London, and dies cut in the
best possible manner, at half the usual charges, and remain the pro¬
perty of the customer. No charge made for plain stamping. Colour
stamping reduced to 1s. per 100. Nearly 40 hands for stamping being
kept upon the premises, P. and G. are enabled to execute orders to any
extent with great care and despatch.—Parkins and Gotto, 24, 25. 27,
and 28, Oxford-street, London, W. N.B. The largest stock in Lon¬
don of dressing cases, bags, writing cases, and presents of all kinds.
RODRIGUES' BALL PROGRAMMES and BILLS
of FARE, Band and Invitation Cards, printed and illuminated
with arms, crest, monogram, or address, in the newest and most fashion¬
able style.—At Henry Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly, London, W.
RODRIGUES' MONOGRAMS and HERALDIC
DEVICES, designed and engraved as gems of art; steel dies en¬
aived; note paper and envelopes stamped in colour relief, and illumi¬
nated in the most elegant style; arms, crests, or monograms engraved
on seals or rings.—At Henry Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly, W.
RODRIGUES' CARTE de VISITE ALBUMS, of
the best make, in handsome antique morocco and russia bindings;
also in or-moulu, walnut, and coromandel, of new and elegant designs.
Albums for monograms, crests, and postage stamps. Albums of every
description made to order.—At H. Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly.
DOLBY's MONOGRAMS, Crests, and Arms de¬
signed by artists of highest eminence, and engraved like gems on
steel and stone. Crests of more than 10,000 families, ready engraved
and stamped on note paper and envelopes, at price of plain paper.
Signet rings, warranted 18 carat, in superb variety and latest design.
Ships and regiments supplied at wholesale prices.—Henry Dolby,
heraldic artist, engraver, and stationer, 56. Regent's-quadrant.
FOR FAMILY ARMS (Lincoln's-inn Heraldic
Office), send name and county. Sketch, 3s. 6d., or stamps. Arms
painted and quartered, and engraved on seals, dies, &c. Monograms
designed. Bookplates, &c. Hatchments and monumental brasses.—
PUGH, BROTHERS, Great Turnstile, Lincoln's-inn.
