—I did write as you wished, and am dreadfully
xious
ROLLO.—Why are you so long silent ? WRITE.—

ILTON C. G.—Pray, WRITE HOME.
H
SEPT. 6.—This, Tuesday, evening, at 7 o'clock; if
not, to-morrow, at 3, on the matter discussed at our last meet¬
ing (absent). At home now, Sept. 29.—L. J. F.
A.M. H. has LOST the CARD of the GENTLE¬
MAN who advertised in The Times of Sept. 20, regarding a child
who nearly met with an accident on the London and Hertford Railway.
 F.M.H.'s address is post-office, Bettwys-y-coed, N. Wales, or New
College, Oxford.
SOOLEY.—JOHN SOOLEY, nephew of Mrs. Eliza¬
beth Sooley, late of Walsingham, in the county of Norfolk, de¬
ceased, is ENTITLED to a LEGACY under his aunt's will, and he is
requested to apply to Messrs. Cunliffe and Beaumont, 43, Chancery-¬
lane, London, solicitors to the executors.
NAWORTH (MARY), maiden name Birks, born
near Maltby, Yorkshire.—The CHILDREN of the above MARY
HAWORTH, wife of Richard Haworth, of Clerkenwell, commercial
traveller, WANTED. A daughter is supposed, many years ago, to
have married a farmer's son living at Stratford, Essex. Apply, imme¬
diately, to Maude and Atwood, 12, Bucklersbury, London, E.C.
MISSING, since the 20th inst., from a Pensionat in
Paris, a YOUNG LADY, 17 years of age, flaxen hair, blue eyes.
delicate complexion, and beautiful teeth, supposed to have been dressed
when leaving in a blue silk dress, black silk jacket, with gimp trimming,
and white bonnet; linen marked R. S., surmounted by a coronet. In¬
formation to be given to Mr. Pollaky, private inquiry office, 13, Padding¬

MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARED. —ONE
HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—MISSING, a GENTLE¬
MAN, of the name of Barrington; about 28 years of age, looks older,
6ft, high, dark brown hair and eyes, small, thin whiskers and light
moustache, hair slightly curling; wears a pair of glasses mounted in
tortolseshell, old ring (dark stone, with crest, a block and two wings). A
certificate of death will entitle the bearer to the above reward. In¬
formation to Charles Frederick Field, late Chief of the Metropolitan
Detective Police, 20, Devereux-court, Temple (Private Inquiry-office).
—14th July, 1864.
LOST, on the 23d, between I1 and 12 o'clock am.,
from Park-road, St. John's-wood, via Marylebone-road, Portland-¬
place, to Oxford-circus, a GOLD BRACELET, containing five pink
cameo heads. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. P. H. Dalton,
surgeon, 12. Piccadilly, shall be REWARDED,
LOST, or MISLAID, a BANKER's RECEIPT,
dated 9th February, 1864, for £200 deposit on 100 J Extension
Shares in the East Indian Railway Company. A REWARD will be
paid to any person forwarding the same to Mr. Booth, 2, Cushion¬
court, E.C.
LOST, on the 21st instant, between Hackney and
Stoke Newington, a BUNCH of SEALS (set with turquoise) and
KEYS, &c., all attached to a small gold chain. Whoever brings the
to
Medina-terrace, Dalston-road, N., shall receive ONE

LOST, a SILVER BROOCH. The device a figure,
with the motto "Sapienter si sincere" round it. Supposed to
ave been dropped in Bond-Street or Southampton-street, Strand, on
the 22d instant. Any person bringing it to Mrs. Green, 18, Spring¬
gardens, Charing-cross, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Friday, Sep¬
tember 16, a small WHITE SPANISH POODLE answers to
the name of "Bob." Whoever will bring the same to King's College
Hospital, shall receive the above reward on application to the House
Surgeon. No further reward will be offered.
FOUND, a large BLACK SHAWL, with a passen¬
gers luggage, which arrived at Victoria Station, at 3 o'clock on
Monday last, the 19th inst. The owner can have it on applying at
No. 13, Serjeants'-inn, Fleet-street.
FOUND, in Richmond, in March last, a
DIAMOND PIN. The owner may have the same, by paying
expenses, on application, by letter only, to G. E., Hiscoke and Son's
library, Richmond, S.W. This advertissement will not be repeated.
METROPOLITAN POLICE-OFFICE.—FOUND
in Wardour-Street, Soho, a BLUE PARCEL, containing 58 yards

ann
tae Application to be made at the Police Station,
Vine-street, Piccadilly, C division.
THE following was inserted among the deaths instead
of the births, in the Jewish Chronicle, of September 23, in conse¬
quence of an omission in the copy:—On the 19th inst., at 47, Glou¬
cester-square, Hyde-park, the residence of her sister. Mrs. Simon
Hyam, the wife of Montagu L. Bensusan, Esq., Cape Town, Cape of
Good Hope.
STATIONERS' COMPANY.—To the Liverymen of
the Stationers' Company.—Pursuant to a precept from the Right
Hon. the Lord Mavor, you are requested to MEET at Guildhall, on
Thursday, the 29th day of September inst., at 12 o'clock at noon, for
the election of a Lord Mayor for the year ensuing.
Stationers'-hall, Sept. 24, 1864.
W. DIGGENS, Beadle.
TO the LIVERYMEN of the Worshipful Companies
of LORINERS and SPECTACLEMAKERS of London.—By
virtue of a Precept from the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor, you are re¬
quired to APPEAR at a Common Hall, to be holden at the Guildhall
of the city of London, on Thursday, the 29th of September next, at
1 o'clock p.m. precisely, for the purpose of electing a Lord Mayor for
the year ensuing. JNO. SEWELL, Clerk to the said Companies.
September 21st, 1864.
TO the LIVERYMEN of the GOLDSMITHS'
COMPANY.—By virtue of a precept from the Lord Mayor, you
are required to APPEAR at the Guildhall, on Thursday, the 29th of
September inst., by 11 o'clock in the forenoon, to proceed to the parish
church of St. Lawrence Jewry, to hear Divine service and a sermon,
and afterwards to return to Guildhall for the Election of a Lord
Mayor for the year ensuing.
Goldsmiths-hall.
FRANK ADAMS BABER, Beadle.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £106 11s. 10d. Con¬
solidated 3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
ELIZA HARRIS, of Stone Easton, Somerset, spinster and HENRY
HARRIS, of Furnival's-inn, solicitor, deceased, and which was trans¬
ferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July, 1854:—Notice
is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months from this date,
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to
Eliza Harris, the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the following place of
meeting for religious worshin that is to say, a building known
by the name of the FREE CHURCH, situate at Alber and Lans¬
downe roads, London-fields, in the Superintendent-Registrar's Dis¬
trict of Hackney, which was certified to the Registrar-General of
Births, Deaths, and Marriages, on the 15th day of June, 1860, had, on
the 1st day ef August, 1864, CEASED to be USED as a PLACE of
PUBLIC RELIGIOUS WORSHIP, and that the said Registrar¬
General did, therefore, on the 22d day of September, 1864, cause the
record of the certification thereof to be cancelled, pursuant to the pro¬
vision in that behalf contained in the eighth section of the Act of
18 and 19 Victoria, chapter 81; and that from and after the cancel¬
lation of such record as aforesaid, and the publication of this present
notice, such place will cease to be deemed duly certitied as by law re¬
quired, and will so remain until it shall have been duly certified afresh
under the aforesaid Act. —Dated this 22d day of September, 1864.
By order of the Registrar-General,
E. EDWARDS, Chief Clerk.
ee.ls
General Register-o
ce.  andon.
OFFICE Of LAND REGISTRY.—No.118.—Reigate
Surrey.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria,
chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that, on the application of Alfred
James Waterlow and Walter Blanford Waterlow, both of No. 24,
Birchin-lane, in the city of London, Esquires, the Registrar of the Office
of Land Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar months
from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible
title all those hereditaments in the parish of Reigate, in the
county of Surrey, containing 141a. Ir. 7p., or thereabouts, forming part
of an estate called HIGH TREES, as to the greater part thereof in
the several occupations of George Weller and George Edwin Pym, the
residue being in hand, and which hereditaments are delineated on
the map No. 118, deposited by the applicants in the Office of Land
Registry as part of the description of the same, and therein edged with
red, together with the mines and minerals under the same heredita¬
ments. If any person objects to, or desires to show cause against, such
registration, or claims that the same should be subject to any con¬
ditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or encumbrance,
charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before the Regis¬
trar, should be entered on the register with reference to such heredita¬
ments, such pervon may be heard at the Office of Land Registry,
No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the
said three calendar months from the date hereof, personally or by his
solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objec¬
tion, or to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect of, such
registration. But any person desiring to make such objection or claim
must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof, and
with his name and address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry be¬
fore the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from making the same. The
said map of the said hereditaments, deposited in the Office of Land
Registry, may be inspected at the said office at any time before the ex¬
piration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof.—
Dated this 24th day of September, 1864.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
JNO. CASTLE GANT, Solicitor to the Applicants,
of 37, Nicholas-lane, London, and Reigate, Surrey.
FIRE in GRESHAM-STREET.—The CARPET
BUSINESS of Messrs. THOMAS TAPLING and Co. will be
carried on at 44 a. Gresham-Street, London, E.C., until further notice"
AVANA CIGARS.—Important to Smoking Con¬
noisseurs.—Messrs. J. H. WOLFF and Co., general shipping
nd commission agents, Southampton, beg-to announce, that, in con¬
junction with their correspondents in Havana, they have extended
their establishments for the supply to noblemen, gentlemen, and the
general public of genuine HAVANA CIGARS and TOBACCO. The
various cigars introduced by J. H. Wolff and Co. are selected by their
own agents in Havana, from the choicest brands produced in the Is¬
land of Cuba, and are imported direct by the Royal Mail Steamers into
their warehouses in the Southampton Docks, embracing the most ex¬
cellent descriptions, and such as have hitherto been rarely brought into
the European markets, the agency having been established some years
back to secure for consumption in this country and to supply to the
public at moderate prices cigars of genuine Havana manufacture of the
most delicate brands, instead of cigars of British and continental make,
so constantly palmed off by the dealers. Consumers can select their brands
and be supplied direct from the warehouses of J. H. Wolff and Co.,
No. 2. Canute-road. Docks, Southampton, or from the following special
agents:—London, Eives and Macey, 61, King William-street; D. Miller,
No. 61, Cheapside; H. Coleman and Co., 28, Regent-street, Waterloo¬
place; Liverpool, J. R. Isaac, 62, Castle-street; Manchester, Alfred Sim¬
mons, 21, Cross-street; Bradford, Yorkshire, B. Wild and Co.; South¬
ampton, G. Phillips and Co., 12, High-street; Birmingham, W. H.
Goddard, 1, Friday-bridge; Plymouth, C. G. Gibson, Central-hall
Stores; Brighton, John Phillips, 154, Marine-parade. N.B. Applica¬
tions for agencies will be considered from respectable parties, willing to
give security and (for the protection of the publicl to undertake to sup¬
ply only the cigars and tobacco guaranteed by this establishment.
TOLLS to be LET.—Croydon and Reigate Road.—
Notice is hereby given, that the TOLLS arising at the Four Toll
Gates and Bar upon this road, viz.:—Foxley Hatch-gate, Hooley-lane¬
gate Merstham-gate, Ray-common-gate, and Gatton Toll-bar will be LET
by AUCTION to the best bidder, at the Greyhound Inn, Croydon, on
Saturday, the 24th day of September next, at 1 o'clock p.m. precisely,
for 12 calendar months from 12 o'clock at noon of the 1st day of Janu¬
ary, 1865, in the manner directed by the Act of 3d Geo. IV., cap. 126,
sec. 55. "for Regulating Turnpike Roads. The rent to be payable
monthly. These tolls were let by auction for the present year at the
net sum of £820, clear of the salmies for collecting the same and will
be put up at that sum. The deposit before bidding will be £50. The
best bidder will have to pay to the Treasurer two calendar months' rent
in advance, and find two sureties, to be approved of by the Trustees,
for payment of the remainder of the rents. Dated this 20th day of
August, 1854. WILLIAM DRUMMOND, Clerk to the Trustees.
THE TRUSTEES of the above Road hereby further
give notice, that the sum of £750 is now in their hands appli¬
cable to the discharge of the principal moneys due and owing upon the
credit of the Tolls of the said Road, and that the Trustees are required
by the Act of Parliament to PAY a COMPOSITION to the above
amount to such creditor or creditors on the said Tolls, as shall be wil¬
ling to accept the smallest composition for his, her, or their security or
securities; and such creditors are hereby required to transmit pro¬
posals in writing to the Trustees of the said road at their next meet¬
ing, to be held at the Greyhound Inn, in Croydon, in the county of
Surrey, on Saturday, the 24th day of September next, at 12 o'clock at
noon. The proposals should be sealed up, and should be addressed to
the said Trustees to my care, at my office, No. 76, North-end, Croydon,
and should specify therein the lowest rate per centum, which the cre¬
ditor will accept for each security on the said Tolls of which he or she
may be possessed. By order of the Trustees.
Croydon, 20th August, 1864.
WILLIAM DRUMMOND.
BRILLIANTS, 100 carats, including a fine stone of
7 carats, and another of 47 carats, other Bijouterie, plate, and
watches for SALE by AUCTION at DEBENHAM, STORR, and
SONS' Great Metropolitan Mart, King-street, Covent-garden, on Tues¬
day, 27th Sept. Catalogues post free.
DIAMOND and other ORNAMENTS, Plate, and
Watches.—SALES by AUCTION of the above and other valu¬
able PROPERTIES at Messrs. DEBENHAM, STORR, and SONS'
great METROPOLITAN MART, King-street, Covent-garden, London,
W. C., every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday: established 51 years.
N.B. Large or small consignments can be included in these sales.
WOOLLENDRAPERY, Silkmercery, Ladies' and
Gentlemen's Attire, Guns, Harness, Furniture, and Miscella¬
nies.—SALES by AUCTION three and four days in each week, at
Messrs. DEBENHAM, STORR, and SONS' Great Metropolitan Mart,
King-street, Covent-garden, London, W.C. Established 51 years.
N.B. Large or small consignments can be included in these sales.
