IF BUNNIE will RETURN to her dove 19th De¬
cember, 1862, all will be forgiven and forgotten. By returning at
once both can be saved.—EMMIE.
R.E. N. (My Third).—I know that Christopher
Columbus's egg-trick was only symbolical, and not real. E. G. G.
is, or ought to be, at Southampton.—E. W.
. N. M. DAVIS is anxiously requested to WRITE
fully, and say where a letter will reach. The long silence and
absence of any detailed news has caused unceasing sorrow.
SADNESS.—Either you are almost inexplicably de¬
Seese
all is right, you need not fret; if the latter, all is over. The letter was
forwarded from M. just as you posted it; they have no cine.
EMMA PAYNE, who left her home on the night of
Saturday, September 12, 1868, is earnestly entreated to RETURN
or WRITE to her unhappy parents, or to her sister at Mrs. Marchant's.
—Associate Institution, 5, Upper Charles-street, Westminster.
H. J. NEWMAN, Secretary.
TO S. LEX.—Your daughter Mary is in Brighton.
Telegraph authority to Mrs. S., Regency-square, to detain her.
Wrote to W., at Brighton, this morning. Why did you not answer my
letter in Galway? Search there vain: Mary has not been in Ireland.
Heard twice from Lady C. to-day. Caroline's grief is terrible. —Satur¬
day, Oct. 17.
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD.—DISAPPEARED,
since the afternoon of Friday the 16th inst., a YOUNG MAN,
21 years of age, 5 feet 7 inches in height, thin face, slight figure, blue
eyes, light hair growing whiskers and moustache, round shoulders,
and stoops his head forward in walking; was dressed in a brown top
coat, tall felt hat, and dark brown trousers. He was last seen in Rum¬
ford-street, Liverpool, on his way to the landing stage. Any person
giving information leading to his recovery shall receive the above
reward, on application at the Central Police-office, Dale-street,
Liverpool
THE SECRETARY of the NATIONAL HOSPI¬
TAL for the PARALYSED and EPII
egs to ACKNOW¬
LEDGE, with sincere thanks, a PRESENT of GAME for the patients,
is Grace the Duke of Grafton.
LOST, on Friday last, between Charing-cross and
Baker-street, or Camden-town, a LOCKET set with lapis lazuli,
containing a portrait. The restorer will be handsomely RE¬
WARDED, on application to Mr. Sarjeant, stationer, High-road, Lee,

FIFTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, TWO
£5 BANK of ENGLAND NOTES. Dates and numbers known,
and stopped.—J. M. S., 39A, Wigmore-street.
IF the CARRIAGE, left at 62½, Berwick-street, Soho,
on the 25th of May, 1866.
sasse
Greaterex, is NOT TAKEN AWAY within 21 days from this date, it
will be SOLD to defray expenses. — October 20th. 1868.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the
Reduction of the National Debt of the sum of £100 Consolidated
£3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of EDWARD
PENROSE HATHAWAY, of Lincoln's-inn, Middlesex, Esquire, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of
the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July.
1856; Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid, to Edward Penrose Hathaway, who has claimed the same,
unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim
thereto.
SOLDIERS' BALANCES UNCLAIMED.—In
pursuance of the "Regimental Debts Act, 1863," notice is hereby
given, that Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War De.
partment has available, for distribution amongst the next of kin, the
sum of money set opposite to the name of each of the deceased
soldiers named in the list which is published with this notice in the
London Gazette and the Army List, and is also to be seen at the
quarters of the several staff officers for the recruiting and pension
service throughout the United Kingdom.
Applications from persons supposing themselves entitled as next of
kin should be addressed by letter to "The Under Secretary of State,
War-office, London, S.W.," marked outside "Soldier's Effe
No application can be attended to which does not state the dates and
places of the soldier's birth, enlistment, and death, and the name of his
regiment; his regimental number should also be stated if known.
Should these particulars furnished by the applicant not agree with
the facts recorded on the War-office documents relating to the de¬
ceased soldier the applicant will be so informed; but should they
agree therewith, then, within three caiendar months, the Secretary of
State willlfurnish the applicant with the usual requirements needed
for the proof of the alleged relationship.
The application must be authenticated by the signature of the appli¬
cant, and his name should be affixed in the presence of the clergyman,
or one of the churchwardens of the parish, or a justice of the peace;
the applicant's address, with the name of the post town, must also be
clearly stated. No personal application can receive attention.
Further lists will from time to time be published, and therefore it
will facilitate the applicants' inquiries to give the number and date of
the notice in which the deceased soldier's name appeared.



By order of the said Principal Secr.
EDWARD LUGARD.
Note.—A copy of this notice is to be seen at the quarters of the
several Staff Officers for the Recruiting and Pension Service through¬
out the United Kingdom.
List XXI. of the names of soldiers deceased since 1865, whose per¬
sonal estate is held by the Secretary of State for War for administra¬

GREAT EASTERN RAILWAY.—Clearance Sale of
Unclaimed Property in Passengers' Department.—Notice is hereby
given, that all ARTICLES found prior to 31st December, 1867, upon
this Company's premises, or in their carriages, will be SOLD by AUC¬
TION, by Mr. ROBERT EDWARD TURNER, on the 12th of Novem¬
ber, 1868, if not previously claimed.
By order.
J. B. OWEN, Secretary.
Bishopsgate Station, Oct. 18, 1868.
NOTICE.—In order to set the opinion of the public
right concerning certain reports in circulation about the damage
caused by the inundations in the Tyrol on the BRENNER LINE, the
following are the authentic particulars: The Brenner Line, pro¬
perly called, from Innsbrilck to Botzen, has only been stopped during
a few hours, through being inundated near Sterzing.
The railway service, therefore, on the Brenner Line, properly called,
has not suffered. The Southern Section of the line of the Tyrol, from
Botzen to Trente Verone, constructed under the management of the
State, alone was considerably blocked up by the overfiowing of the
Adige, which runs beside this section. In the memory of man never
has there been such rains as those which fell on the southern versant
of the Alps; it is therefore not to be wondered at that the Chemin
de Fer du Sud du Tyrol should have been inundated, and to-day it
can be stated that the damage caused do not present the serious
characters of the Swiss line berdering on the Rhine. Already the
SERVICE is RESUMED on the KUFSTEIN, BOTZEN, and
TRENTE VERONE SECTIONS. As to the line Botzen Trente,
where the service is not resumed it will be clear in six or eight days.
NORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Richmond Union.—I, the undersigned J. H. Mitchi¬
ner, Auditor of the above named district, do hereby give notice that I
have appointed the AUDIT of the accounts of the RICHMOND
AUNION, and of the parishes therein contained, for the half-year ended
the 29th of September, 1863, to commence on Tuesday, the 3d day of
November next, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Union Work¬
house, Richmond, Surrey, when and where all persons who by law are
bound to account at such audit are required to attend, and to submit
all books, documents, bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the
accounts or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the

J. H. MITCHINER, District Auditor.
MESSRS, MOXON and Co., Publishers, London.—
Gentlemen.—We regret very much that in "A Selection of
Readings," &c., compiled by one of us, and lately published by the
other, two poems by the late Mr. Hood, and two poems by Mr. Tenny¬
son, of which the copyright belongs to you, have been included.
The invasion of your copyright was made by us inadvertently, and
we now APOLOGISE for it. We have given up to you all the remain¬
ing copies of the publication, and have paid the modified sum or £10,
to which you agreed to restrict your claim of damages, and the expenses
incurred by you. e a.
al liberty to publish this apology at our
expense. — We are, Gentlemen, your most obedient servants.
J. B. HOWARD
Edinburgh, Sept. 28, 1868.
H. ROBINSON.
QUENOS AYRES GOVERNMENT CERTIFI¬
CATE.—Translation.—We, the undersigned, at the request of
Messrs. Jas. C. Thompson and Co., certify that the IRON SAFES of
Messrs. CHUBB and SON, London, of which these gentlemen are
agents, were exposed for several hours to the fire that took place in
the offices of the National Government on the evening of the 26th
instant; that in our presence they were easily opened with their re¬
spective keys; that the moneys and important documents they con¬
tained were found in perfect order; and that these safes are now in
use in the National Treasury Offic
(Signed) J. M. DRAGO (Treasurer of the National
Government).
JOSE TOMAS ROJO.
JUAN M. ALVAREZ.
Atrue Copy—A. M. Bell
Buenos Ayres, July 31, 1867.
A large assortment of these safes may be inspected at Chubb and
Son's, 57 St. Paul's churchyard, London; 68, Cross-street, Manchester;
No. 28, Lord-street, Liverpo 10 ;
and Horsley-fields, Wolverhampton.
CAUTION.—C. F. HANCOCK, SON, and Co.,
Jewellers and Silversmiths, by special appointments to the Queen
and the Prince and Princess of Wales, beg to state that their ONLY
ADDRESS is 33 and 39, Bruton-street, corner of New Bond-street, W.
CAUTION.—HARRIS's SPECTACLES.—THOMAS
HARRISand SON CAUTIONthe public against persons using their
ame. Their business, established 1780, is solely conducted at 52, Gre.
Russell-Street, opposite the British Museum-gate, where only can be
had their celebrated spectacles, opera and field glasses. No travellers.
CAUTION.—PARTRIDGE and COOPER give
notice that their new VELLUM-WOVE CLUB HOUSE NOTE
PAPER can only be obtained from them. This notice has become
necessary in consequence of the numerous imitations of this incompa¬
rable paper. Sample packet, post free, for 18 stamps.—Warehouses
No. 192, Fleet-street, and 1 and 2, Chancer-lane.
CAUTION.—Betts' Patent Capsules.—The public
are respectfully cautioned that BETTS PATENT CAPSULES
are being INFRINGED by importations from abroad. Betts' name
is upon every capsule he makes for leading merchants at home and
abroad.—1, Wharf-road, City-road, London, April 8, 1868, and Bor¬
deaux, France.
CAUTION and NOTICE.—T. W. STAPLETON,
wine merchant, 203, Regent-street, corner of Conduit-street, W.
—Letters being constantly mis-directed, friends and connexions are re¬
quested to observe the above address. Mr. Stapleton ceased in 1863 to
have any further connexion with 190, Regent-street, and has none with

CAUTION.—PILLISCHER's QUEEN's READING
and MICROSCOPIC LAMPS are supplied by him to Her Majesty
and the Royal Family.—The public are CAUTIONED against inferior
imitations.—M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-street, being the
sole inventor and manufacturer of these celebrated lamps. Drawings
and prices post-fre.
.
CAUTION. — Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of ob¬
taining the genuine tinted lenses should apply only direct to them, at
No. 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, opposite Crawley's Hotel.
CAUTION.-REGISTERING THERMOMETER.
NEGRETTI and ZAMBRA's PATENT SELF-REGISTERING
THERMOMETERS, which have received prizes in London and Paris,
and are in use at all the principal obcervatories, are only to be had at
Messrs. Negretti and Zambra's establishments. The public are CAU¬
TIONED against imitations and persons representing themselves to
be N. and Z.'s agents or travellers.—Negretti and Zambra, Hatton¬
garden, Cornhill, Regent-street, Fleet-street, and Crystal Palace.
CAUTION.—In consequence of frequent misrepre¬
sentations, E. MOSES and SON, merchant tallors, outfitters, &c.,
find it necessary to state that they do not employ any travellere o
agents, and that their only establishments are the undermentioned:—
London Houses.
Corner of Minories and Aldgate.
New Oxford-street, corner of Hart-street.
Corner of Tottenham-court-road and Enston-road.
Country Branch, Bradford, Yorkshire.
CAUTION.—Water Filtration.—To prevent mis¬
takes the public are informed that the latest patent filter in
general use is the DANCHELL PATENT CISTERN FILTER
patent sealed Sept. 29, 1863), which has superseded all others (vide Pro¬
fessor Frankland's reports to the Registrar-General July, 1866, and Nov.,
1867), insuring as it does a constant supply of the purest water without
filling or any attention whatever. Can be rented if preferred in London,
and can only be had in London of the LONDON and GENERAL
WATER PURIFYING COMPANY, 157, Strand, four doors from
Somerset-house.
MISREPRESENTATION.—The TEN GUINEA
SUITES, in 18 carat gold, machine made, as advertised, a
be procured at 27, Conduit-street, Bond-street. Mr. STREETEK
finds it necessary to make this announcement, as sets of ornaments
stated to be of his manufacture and of 18 carat gold, are now being
offered to the public, whereas they are in reality of a much inferior
quality. Purchasers, especially in the provinces, are therefore can¬
tioned to have the quality of the gold stated on their invoice.—
HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co. now Edwin W. Streeter), 37, Con¬
duit-street, five door from Bond-street.
NOTICE.—The PATENT NORWEGIAN SELF¬
ACTING COOKING APPARATUS and SIMPLE REFRI¬
GERATOR.—The undersigned beg to
have been
appointed SOLE LICENSEES and MANDFACTURERS for Groat
Pritain and the Colonies. Applications for Agencies must be made to

Signed, S. W. SILVER and Co., 2, 3, and 4, Bishops¬
Sept. 1, 1868.
gate within, London, E.C.
NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs respectfully to inform her customers and ladies of the nobi¬
lity her establishment will in future be CLOSED at 5 o'clock on Satur¬

E6.
NOTICE.—Mrs. LAWLEDGE begs leave to
inform her patronesses that she has returned from Paris.—5, New
Bond-street, W.
