MARY.—This is where the Dor-mouse lives: it
sleeps in the day and walks about at night. COMMUNICATE
wit your Mother, and let her know that yo
nd not in want.
will not be interfered with.—FLANNEL-OSTRICH.
FREDERICK BARTON PRESCOTT.—If Frederick
Barton Prescott, who was born at Manchester about 1847, will
APPLY to Mr. H. M. Phillips, 10, Old Jewry-chambers, London, he
will hear of something to his advantage.
LEFT her HOME, a YOUNG LADY, age 19½,
looks about 17, height 5ft, fair, fresh colour, small scar over
left eye, e.
blueish, small fring o.
forehad, rather stout, ears un¬

cerino dress and
tablier with folds,
ack
cloth jacket, crape hat with feather trimming, side-spring boots in bad
condit
Pa Probably see
aon employment as governess, nursery gover¬
—
nformation respecting her where

will be gratefully received by her family. Address A. X. Y., post¬
office, Lewisham.
ARS. WESTLAKE, Treasurer of the NEW HOS¬
PITAL for WOMEN, ACKNOWLEDGES, with many thanks
t E e e eoe on
£50 from F. H. B., and £5 from F. L. B., in ald of
the funds of the Hospital.
THE HOSPITAL for WOMEN, Soho-square.—
President, the Earl of SHAFTESBURY, K.G.; Charman of
Commttee, the Marquis of Cholmondeley.—The Committee grate¬
fully ACKNOWLEDGE RECEPT of £5 5s. DONATION, "A
Widow's Mite," and £1 1s, subscription from Rev. J. H. White.
JEAMENS HOSPITAL (late Dreadnought), Green¬
wich.—The following SUBSCRIPTIONS towards the £7,000
required to defray expenses of present year are gratefully ACKNOW.
LEDGED:—£7 15s. 5d. from officers and crew of P. and O. S. N. Co.'s
s.s. Mirzapore, per Capt. Parish; and £2 8s. 6d. from s.s. Assyria, per
Capt. Heasman.—By order HENRY C. BURDETT, Secretary
CENTRAL LONDON THROAT and EAR HOS¬
PITAL, Grays's-inn-road.—The Committee gratefully ACKNOW¬
LEDGE the RECEIPT of £5 5s. from R. E. Morrice, Esq. (2d dona¬
tion), and of £3 3s. (£1 1s. annual) from Joseph Cabrow, E

of the funds of this unendowed Hospital.—JAMES H. BRABAZON,
Capt., Hon. Sec.
NATIONAL HOSPITAL for DISEASES of the
HEART and PARALYSIS, 32, Soho-square, W.—Treasurer the
Barl of Glasgow.—The Committee thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE RE¬
CEIPT of £5 5s. (ann, sub.), from Mayor Littledale, and £1 in postage
stamps from Anonymous, in aid of the funds of the Hospital.—H.
SEYMOUR HILL, Secretary.
—
LOST, supposed on Thursday last, a SINGLE
STONE BRILLIANT RING, band claw setting. Any person
having found the same will receive FIVE POUNDS REWARD on
returning it to W. H. Williams, 27, Gresham-Street, City.
LOST, on Thursday evening of January 27th, from
Lawn-terrace, Blackneath, a LARGE NEWFOUNDLAND
DOG, perfectly black. Answers to the name of Ness. Whoever wil
Lawn-terrace, Blackheath, shall receive TWO
FOUNDS REWARD.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday
evening last at the corner of Downs-park-road and Norfolk-road,
Shacklewell, a BROWN PAPER PARCEL, containing a copy of a
legal document. Of no use to any one but the owner, whose name and
addresses are stated therein. Any one returning same to the owner,
or to Mr. T. R. Watson, 13, Finsbury-place South, Finsbury, shall re¬
ceive the above reward. No further reward will be offered.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—A BLACK
LEATHER BAG, left in first class smoking compartment at
the Crystal Palace Station, by 6.53 p.m. train from Victoria to Lon¬
don-bridge, Monday, 7th February, 1876, containing papers of no value
to anybody but the owner, whose name and address is in several of
the papers. The above reward shall be paid at 15, Union-court, Old

CONSIGNEES WANTED, for (no mark) 10 bags
WHEAT; (no mark) 16 bags Bark; (H. S. in diamond) 11 bags
Bark, ex the Lock Tay, from Melbourne. If not claimed by 12th inst.,
will be sold to pay expenses. Apply T. Skinner and Co., 5, East
India-avenue.
NETROPOLITAN BOARD of WORKS.—The
Slaughterhouses, &c. (Metropolis) Act, 1874, 37 and 38 Vic., c. 67.
—Notice is hereby given.
at the Metropolitan Board of Works has




te

wanis, and has applied to the Local Government
ar en.
for contirmation of the same as directed by such section:—RYE¬
LAWS for regulating the conouct of the BUSINESS of a KNACKER,


h oo.
toete a u a

mule, or any cattle,
eep, goat, or swine, which is not killed for the
purpose of its flesh being used as butchers' meat, and the structure of
premises on which such business is being carried on, within th
limits of the metropolis (except the City of London and the liberties
ereof).
In pursuance of the above Act. by which the Metropolitan Board of
Works is constituted the Local Authority for the Metropolis, as de¬
fined in the said Act (except the City of London and the liberties
thereoff, the said Metropolitan Board of Works (for the purposes of
these Bye-laws called the "Board") doth hereby make the following
Bye-laws. Throughout and for the purposes of these Bye-laws " the

ate ndn inchen.
aslaughterhou
and all the pre¬
mises used for and forming part of the business of a
knacker as de¬
fined by the Act, and "siaughterhouse" shall mean the portion of the
premises used for the slaughtering and dressing of the ammals above¬
mentioned, and "occupier" shall mean the occupier of premises where
the business of a knacker is carried on, and "contagious or infectious
disease" shall include Cattle Plague, Pleuro-puenmonia, Foot and

Pox, Sheep Scab, Glanders, and Farcy.

th f t

ach
The ocoupier shall not s.
ghter, of permit to be slaughtered, on
th



toe b e  f o aeran
food, nor keop, or permit to be kept, any fowl, pig, or other animal
used for human food in or about the premises, nor any do
thereon.
2.
o occupier shall not allo
an e e it u a
d over a slaugnter¬
house to be inhabited under any pretext whatsoever
 3. The occupier shall not allow the slaughterhouse to be used for any
purpose other than that for which it is licensed, nor any slaughtering
to be conducted within public view.
4. The occupier shall keep the inner walls of the slaughterhouse
always thoroughly clean and in good order and repair, and snall cause
the internal surface of the roof and upper portion of the walls to be
thoroughly washed with quicklime, at least once in every three months,
and he shall also keep every yard and other part of the premises clean.
5. The occupier shall provide and keep a sufficient number of tubs,
boxes, or vessels, formed out of proper non-absorbent materials, with
tight and closs-fitting covers thereto, for the purpose of receiving and
conveying away all manure, garbage, offal, and filth; and shall, in all
cases, immediately after the slaughtering is completed cause all such
manure, garbage, offal, and filth, to be placed in such tubs, boxes, and
vessels; and shall cause all the blood arising from the slaughtering
to be put into separate tubs or vessels formed out of the like matorials
as above, with close-ntting
vers, and every such tub, box, and vessel,
together with their contents, to be removed from the premises within
26 hours.
6. The occupier shall keep every covered and other receptacle used
in the staughterhouse at oll times thoroughly cleansed and purified,
so as to prevent any offensive smell.
. The occupier shall cause every boiler and vessel from which any
offensive or noxious vapour or gas may be evolved in the operation of
boiling or otherwise, to be covered over and constructed so that every
such gas and vapour shall be effectually conveyed into or through a
furnace fire, or shall be otherwise prevented from escaping into the
external atmosphere.
8. The occupter shall cause every hide and skin to be removed from
the premises within 98 hours after slaughtering, and every hide of a
glandered or farcied horse, mule, or ass, to be disinfected before re¬

. The occupier shall remove, or cause to be removed, from the pre¬
misee
very carcase, bone, hide, skin, and all meat, fat, offal, b
od,d
garbage, and other articles before the same have become putrid or
offensive.
10. In case of any horse or other such animal as above-mentioned
that is affected with either an infectious or contagious disease being
brought to the premises of a knacker, he shall not suffer it to be re¬
moved, but shall forthwith give information thereof to the Board, and
to the Cattle Inspector for the district, appointed under the Con¬
tagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1859, with ail details in his knowledge
as to the name and address of the person bringing the horse or animal,
and the owner and the place from which the same was brought, and
the time when it was brought.
11. The occupier shall allow every Member of the Board, in addition
to all other persons lawfully entitied to admission, to have free access
to the premises during the times of slaughter, and at all reasonable
hours.
2. The occupier, if he neglect or omit to observe or perform, or shall
in any way break any one of the above Bye-laws, shall be subject to a
penaity of the sum of £3, and in the case of a contin
to e ofence the
sum of £1 for every day auring which suen offence is continued after a
conviction for the first offence.
13. Every Court of Summary Jurisdiction, as defined by the
Slaugnter-houses, &c. (Metropolis) Act. 1874, having juriadiouon to
hear and decide complaints of the breach of the above Bye-laws, may,
by summary order, suspend or deprive any knacker altogether of the
right of carrying on any such business, as a penalty for the breach of

As to the Structure of the Premises upon which the Business of a
Knacker is carried on.
14. The occupier shall cause the slaughterhouse to be provided with
an adequate tank or other pr  ie
receptacie for water and water
supply, and se placed that the bottom thereof shall not be less than


oeo he tioor and shall cause the slaughterhouse
to be well and thoroughly ventiiated.
15. The occupier shall cause the slaughterhouse to be well
ed
wei t e,
stone, or propes
baving bricks, set e e
taent to
be laid with proper slope and channel towards a gulley, and to be effec¬
tuallyo
ned by an adequate drain of
azed pipes o 
other suifl¬
cient manner communicating with the public sewer, and the gul

bae eda y an appropriate
be tr.
an, and
be e e with as
grating,
th e r of which shall
ote e m ore th ae thre-eighths


16. The occupier
ll cause every inner wall of a slaughterhouse to
be covered with ha

te e ep ervious material, to the height of

be always kept in good order and
repair.
17. The occupior shall cause all needful works and repairs to the
remises to be forth e
tand execcuted as an


shall become requisite ; and shall not allow any alteration whatsoever
to be made in respect of the paivin e ir
te veutilation, or water¬
supply to or in the premises which have been licensed, without the
consent of this Board.
18. The occupter, if he neglect or omit to observe or perform, or
shall in any way break any one of the Bye-laws as to the structure of
the premises, shall be subject to a penalty of the sum of £5, and
in the case of a continuing offence, the sum of £1 for every day during
which such offence is continued after a conviction for the first offence.
Sealed by order. J. E. WAKEFIELD, Clerk of the Board.
Spring-gardens, 4th February, 1876.
POLLAKYS PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, con¬
ducted personally by Mr. Pollaky, 27 years experience in England
and with the foreign detective police.—13, Paddington-green.
THE PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE (established
in 1852 by Mr. Field, late Chief of the Metropolitan Detective
Police, and Mr. C. Nicholls, has COMMENCED an AGENCY in
CAIRO and ALEXANDRIA.—33, Essex-Street, Strand.
BRITISH NURSING ASSOCIATION. Earl
SHAFTESBURY, K.G., President.—TRAINED NURSES
SUPPLIED to families in medical and surgical cases, on application
to the Matron, 3a, Cambridge-place, Paddington,
TRAINING SCHOOL for NURSING, St. John's¬
house.—VACANCIES for respectable persons to be trained as
NURSES for hospitals, private families, or parish nursing. Apply,
11 a.m., 8 Norfolk-street, Strand.
THE LONDON ASSOCIATION of NURSES, 74a,
New Bond-street. — Suporior HOSPITAL PRAINED NURSES,
for monthly, medical, surgical, e e,
smallpor cases.

readmess; also Male and Fomale Mental Attendants. Wet Nurses
in waiting. Apply to the Superintendent, M. Firth.
GENERAL NURSING INSTITUTE, 5, Henrietta¬
street, Covent-garden,
.
Medical Director—ALFRED EBSWORTH, F.R.C.S.
Resident skilled medical, surgical, and monthly nurses are supplied
at a moment's notice from this Instituty ; also fever nurses, maie at¬
tendants, and wet nurses. Applications to be addressed to the Secre¬
tary or Lady Superintendent.
JURSES.—Mr. WILSONS INSTITUTION,
96, Wimpole-street, Cavendish-square (established 1867).—The
medical profession and the public are supplied at a moment's notice
with our own resident nurses, the most respectable and exporienced
women that can be obtained, and who have had special hospital
training for Medical, Surgical, Monthly, Mental, Fever Cases, &c.
Nurses sent to all parts of England and the Continent, upon parti¬
culars of the case being supplied, personally or by letter or telegram,
to the Lady Superintendent. — Director, Mr. Wilson.
DEATHS.
On the 6th inst., at Hackney, in her 81st year, Ranxcoa, daughter
of the late TREVANION and ANNE HARNETT, formerly of Folkestone.
On the 6th inst., after a short illness, Admiral RicHaup Aunusrus
YATE, late of the United Service Club.
On the 6th inst., at the residence of her son-in-law, Captain A.B
Hawes, Cherrahurst, Weybridge, Mrs. GEORGE CATTELL, aged 74.
On the 7th inst., at 7, Chatham-terrace, Clapham, SARAH, widow of
the late HENRY IIILL, Esq., formerly of St. Petersburg and Liverpool,
in her 82d year.
On the 7th Feb., 1876, at his residence, 2, Avenue-road, North-gate,
Regent's-park, JOSEPH CLow, aged 53, deeply loved.
On the 7th Feb., suddenly, of heart disease, CATHENINE ANNE, the
beloved wife of J. S. SHILLINGFORD, Surgeon, 124, Hill-street, Peck¬

On the 7th inst, at 20, Brecknock-crescent, N.W., MAURIo
THOMAS, Esq., aged 53. Friends, please accept this intimation.
On the 7th inst., at 323, King's-road, Chelsea, SARAH WAITE, widow
of the late Mr. JOUN LONO, in her64th year.
On the 7th inst., at 26, Oxford-terrace, Hyde-park, FREDERIcK W.
NUDD, aged 64.
On the 7th Feb., at 103, Bedford-street, Liverpool, aged 3, months.
KATE BOUSFIELD, youngest daughter of CHALLEs R. CoPEMAN,
Solicitor.
On the 7th Feb., at Upton House, Slough, Bucks, ANNA ANNABELLA
PERETrS, widow of Louis Perette, of Metz, Mosolle, Licutenant of
the Garde de Corps, aged 76.
On the 8th inst., suddonly, at
HARRIETT BAYLIS HERRING.
On the 5th inst., at Mount
ANNs, the very dear wife of Lurs Audusrx DA Cogra, aged 32.
