MILTON (C.	G.—Pray, WRITE HOME.

. Z.—Why did you not answer mine in reply to
yours from Jersey early last month?—EDIE.
DOBT. B., of Liverpool, is requested to put himself
in COMMUNICATION with his BROTHER JAMES imme¬
liately.
L.E. M. to WILLIE.—Pray RETURN at once
to your fond and sorrowing wife; keep your family no longer
in suspense nor your friend, who thinks that that may be now possible
which your continued absence will render impossible. You have no
cause to fear him.
ROYAL FREE HOSPITAL, Gray's-inn-road.—
The Weekly Board beg thankfully to ACKNOWLEDGE the RE¬
CEIPT of a BANK of ENGLAND NOTE for £5, No. 72,263, dated
25th of July, 1863, found with other money in the donation boxes, at
the gates of the Hospital.
Board Room, Oct. 13, 1864.
MISSING.—LEFT his HOME, on Sunday, Octo¬
.
ber the 9th, at 7 o'clock in the morning, a YOUNG GENTLE¬
MAN. 18 years of age, 5ft. 6 inches in height, pale complexion, hazel
eyes, dark eyebrows, slight moustache and whiskers; wearing a black
coat and waistcoat to match, and a gold Albert chain. Was last seen
in the New Finchley-road, carrying a black leather bag and a black
painted wooden box, containing, it is supposed, a Courtois piston. A
liberal REWARD will be given for any correct information of the
whereabouts of the missing young man on application to Mr. Pollaky,
Private Inquiry Office, 13, Paddington-green, W.
MISSING, JAMES HENDERSON, age 62, who
left his home at Hardway, near Gosport, on the 16th of April
last. He was an out pensioner of Greenwich Hospital; height 5ft. Sin.,
complexion fair, stooping in gait on left side, accustomed to use glass
for left eye; on leaving home he wore a brown coat, corduroy trousers,
dark cloth vest, white shirt with green stud, lace up boots with patent
leather eyelet holes; hair gray, whiskers white, cut short, head bald in
front, build slight. Any information concorning him will be most
thankfully received by his wife, Charlotte Henderson, of Hardway,
near Gosport, or if this should meet his eye, on his return home he will
hear of something to his advantage.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, at Hampstead,
on the20th September, a RETRIEVER DG, black, with small
white spot on chest, and hind toes tipped with white: answers to the
name of "Sweep." No further reward will be offered. Apply to Mr.
Giltro, Heath-street, Hampstead.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Sun¬
day, October 9th, between Maida-hill and Kent-terrace, Regent's¬
park, a LIGHT-BROWN ROUGH SKYE TERRIER: answers to
the name of "Prince." Whoever will bring him to E. Vine, 21, Carl¬
ton-villa mews, shall receive the above reward.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday,
the 6th, between Bow and Camberwell, TWO BILLS of EX¬
CHANGE, viz., £49 7s. and £30 ; also an Agreement and some private
Letters, in packet. Whoever will bring the same to Wm. Coker, sta¬
tioner and bookseller, 10, Queen's Head-row, Newington-butts, S.,

TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in the neigh¬
bourhood of Regent-street, Bond-Street, Clifford-street, or Gros¬
venor-street, a SWISS HORIZONTAL GOLD WATCH, open face,
gold dial, enamel band on back marked "Muller, 7.724." Whoever has
found the same and will bring it to Messrs. Hunt and Roskell,
No. 156, New Bond-street, shall receive the above reward.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on the 11th
inst., in the Regent's-park last seen near the suspension-bridge,
Hanover-gate, a small HALF-BRED SPANIEL, tan colour, white
spot on the head, four white paws, a very pretty fox-shaped head,
lame in the hind quarters, answers to the name of "Tiny." Whoever
will bring the same to 5, St. Mark's-square, shall receive the above
reward.
THREE GUINEAS REWARD.—LOST, between
Balham-hill and Balham Station, on Monday, Oct. 10th, 1864,
between 4 and 5 o'clock p.m., a LADY's small GOLD HUNTING
WATCH, with gold dial plate ; also an invisible link gold chain
attached thereto, with a short chain holding a tipsey key. Whoever
will bring the same to R. J. Rouse, Esq., Balham-house, Balham-hill,
shall receive the above reward.
FIVE POUND BANK of ENGLAND NOTE
HALVES WRONGLY MATCHED—Z-R60496 and 60498, Lon¬
don, 19th April, 1864. Any one having the corresponding halves will
oblige by communicating with Mr. Chas. Woodman, 76, Wood-street,

FOUND, a gentleman's GOLD KEYLESS LEVER
WATCH. Answers, by letter only, to A. B., the Hope Coffee¬
house. Gravel-lane, Southwark.
FOUND, October 6th, a SETTER DOG. The owner
can have it by paying expenses. If not owned within seven days
after this date will be sold to defray expenses. Apply at 36, Hyde¬

FOUND, on the 3d of September last, late at night,
between the Theatre and the Hotel à Quatre Saisons, Munich, a
GOLD LOCKET, with jewels. The owner can have it on giving a
description and paying for advertising it. Apply to V. D., Steel's,
No. 2, Spring-gardens, Trafalgar-square, London.
WILLIAM JONES, formerly of Didsbury, in the
county of Lancaster, shopkeeper, in the year 1849 (being at that
time 62 years of age, and of rather weak intellect) left Didsbury for
Liverpool. He was lost sight of in Liverpool on the 16th July, 1849,
and is supposed to be dead. If the said William Jones (if living) will
apply as below he will HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE,
or any person giving such information as shall lead to his discovery or
furnishing legal proof of his death shall be Rewarded, by applying to
Messsrs. Atkinson, Saunders, and Co., solicitors, 3, Norfolk-street,
Manchester; or to Mr. Edward Atkinson, solicitor, 65, Watling-street,
London.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £37 8s. 5d. Consolidated
Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
ROWLAND HAMILTON of Princes-street, Hanover-square, Esq.,
GEORGE THOMAS ELLISON, of Upper Seymour-street, Portman¬
square, Esq., and HENRY WILLIAM BATES, of Brighton, Esq.,
and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence
of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th
July, 1854;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid to Rowland Hamilton and George Thomas
Ellison, the survivors, who thave claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
CHARLES JOHN COSENS JOHNSTONE, M.D.
—In consequence of the death of Mrs. Mary Ann Johnstone, the
above named Charles John Cosens Johnstone (who left England in the
year 1844, and is believed to have gone to America), is required to
APPEAR and CLAIM the PROPERTY to which he became entitled
on her death; and take notice, that if the said Charles John Cosens
Johnstone do not so appear or send in his claim, on or before the 31st
day of December, 1864, the executors named in the will of the said
Mary Ann Johnstone will tender her said will for probate, and proceed
to dispose of her property as if the said Charles John Cosens Johnstone
had died in her lifetime. Any person giving such information as will
lead to the proof of the death of the said Charles John Cosens John¬
stone (if dead) will be rewarded. Apply to Messrs. Tompson, Picke¬
ring, and Styan, 4, Stone-buildings, Lincoln's-inn, London.
IN the PRIVY COUNCIL.—In the Matter of
LETTERS PATENT granted to WILLIAM GALLOWAY and
JOHN GALLOWAY, of Manchester, in the county of Lancaster,
bearing date the 11th day of March, in the year of our Lord 1851, for
England, Wales, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and in the
islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and
also in all Her Majesty's Colonies and Plantations abroad,
and in the Matter of Letters Patent granted to the said Wil¬
liam Galloway and John Galloway, for Scotland, bearing date
the 14th day of April, 1851, both being for "Improvements in Steam
Engines and Boilers."—Notice is hereby given, that a PETITION will
be presented to Her Majesty in Council by William Galloway and John
Galloway, of Manchester, in the county of Lancaster, engineers, pray¬
ing Her Maiesty to grant a PROLONGATION of the TERM of the
said several LETTERS PATENT; and notice is hereby further given,
that an application will be made to the Right Honourable the Lords of
the Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council, on the 1st day
of December next, or on the then next day of sitting of the said Com¬
mittee, to fix an early day for the hearing of the matters contained in
the said petition, and any person desirous of being heard in opposition
to the praver of the said petition must enter a caveat to that effect in
the Privy Council on or before the said 1st day of Deceuiber next.—
e
GREGORY and ROWCLIFFES, 1, Bedford-row, Agents for
Messrs. Tidswell and Galloway, of Manchester, Solicitors
for the abovenamed Petitioners.
JOHNSON, WHITFIELD.—Chancery Notice.—
Pursuant to a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, made in a
cause wherein Frederick Henry Rich is plaintiff, and Edmund Whit¬
field and others are defendants, whereby the following INQUIRIES
are directed to be made, that is to say: An inquiry whether Sarah
Johnson, late of West-road. Congleton, in Cheshire, widow of Francis
George Glynn Johnson, and who died in July, 1863, had any and what
child or children, and if so whether such child or children is or are
alive or dead, and if dead when they respectively died, and who are
their respective legal personal representatives; an inquiry who was the
heir at law of the testator, John Whitield, late of Congleton, Cheshire,
Alderman, at the time of his death in August, 1808, and whether such
heir at-law is now living, and who is now such heir: an inquiry
whether the testator, John Whitfield, had any and what child or chil¬
dren (other than Henry Whitfield, Charles Whitfield, John Whitfield,
Ann Stone, and Ellen Whitfield), and whether any and which of such
children were living or dead at his death, and when such (if any) of the
said children as were then dead died, and whether any and which of
such children have died,and when since, the death of the said testator,
and whether any and which of such children who are now dead left any
and what children, and whether any and which of such last men¬
tioned children is dead, and who are the legal personal representatives
of such of the said testators children, and of their children respectively,
as have died since the death of the said testator; an inquiry whether
Amelia Whitfield, the granddaughter of the said testator, John Whit¬
field, and any and which of the children of the said testator, John
Whitfield, who were living at his death, or any and which of the chil¬
dren of any such of the child or children of the said testator, John
Whitfield, as is or are now dead are or have been married, and whether
any and what settlement or agreement for a settlement was made or
entered into on the occasion of their said marriages respectively, or
previously or subsequently thereto, and whether the said Amelia Whit¬
field, or any and which of any such children of the said John Whitfield,
or any and which of their children, have assigned or otherwise dealt
with or encumbered their respective shares and interest (if any) under
the said will of the said testator, John Whitfield, and who are now en¬
tited under any such settlement, agreement for a settlement, assign¬
ment, dealing, or incumbrance to any and what interest thereunder.
All persons claiming to be such children, grand children, representa¬
tives, heir at-law, assignees, incumbrancers, or otherwise as aforesaid
are, by their solicitors, on or before the 29th day of October, 1864, to
come in and prove their claims at the chambers of the Master of the
Rolls, in the Roll's-yard, Chancery-lane, Middlesex; or, in default
thereof, they will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the said
decree. Friday, the 11th day of November, 1864, at 12 o'clock at noon,
at the said chambers, is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon
the claims. — Dated this 15th day of June, 1864.
GEORGE HUME. Chief Clerk.
G. F. HUDSON and MATTHEWS, 23, Bucklersbury, E.C.,
Agents for George Reade, of Congleton, Cheshire, Plaintiff's
Solicitor.
TO NEXT of KIN, Heirs-at-Law, &c.—A gentleman,
of some experience in the arrangement of executorship accounts,
and the recovery of legacies under wills, and establishing title as heir-at¬
law and next of kin to trust estates, can be CONSULTED on applica¬
tion by letter, addressed A. Z., Mr. Marshall's, Brownlow-street, Bed¬

NORTH-EAST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Hackney Union.—I, the undersigned Thomas Wrake
Ratcliff, attorney at law, Auditor of the abovenamed district, do hereby
give notice that I have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of
the HACKNEY UNION and of the parishes therein contained (and
mentioned at the foot of this notice), for the half-year ended the 29th
day of September, 1864, to commence on Friday, the 28th day of October,
1864, at half-past 11 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Hackney Union Work¬
house, at Homerton, when and where all persons who by law are bound
to account at such audit are required to attend, and to submit all
books, documents, bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the ac¬
counts, or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the
poor. — Dated the 13th day of October, 1864.
THOS. W. RATCLIFF, District Auditor.
Parishes comprised in the abovenamed Union:—St. John, Hackney,
and St. Mary, Stoke Newington.
THE LATE FIRE at the CHAPEL ROYAL,
SAVOY.—JAMES A. FINNEY, tailor, &c., begs to inform his
numerous patrons that through the entire destruction of his premises
at 109, Strand, caused by the late fire, he has now REMOVED his
BUSINESS to 55, Strand, two doors west of Messrs. Coutis' bank.
FOR FAMILY ARMS (Lincoln's-inn Heraldic
Office, established 25 years) send name and county. Sketch, 3s. 6d.,
or stamps. Arms painted and quartered and engraved on seals, dies.
cc. Book plate of arms, 21s. Pedigrees of families, 21s.—PUGH,
BROTHERS, Great Turnstile, Lincoln's-inn. Manual of Heraldry, 3s,
anwer.
DEATHS.
On the 13th inst., aged 76, the Rev. ROBERT CLOWES, M.A., vicar of
Kuutsford, Cheshire.
On the 13th inst., at Brighton, in the 18th year of her age, BLANCHE,
daughter of J. C. PAWLE. Esq., of New Inn and Woburn-square.
On the 13th inst., at Thriplow-place, Cambridgeshire, FREDERICK
WILLIAM, aged one year, youngest son of HENRY PERKINS, Esq.
On the 13th inst., at Monk's-mill House, Wotton-under-Edge, Colonel
JOHN R. BLAGDEN HALE, of Bradley Court, Gloucestershire, and late
of the 1st Life Guards and 3 Light Dragoons.
On the 13th inst., at her residence, East Sheen, Surrey, SARAII,
widow of the late JAMES SHOUBRIDGE, Esq., of Hanover-terrace,
Regent's-park, aged 86.
On the 13th inst., at 18, North Bank. Regent's-park, Captain W. H.
KxNNEDY, R.N., sixth son of the late Hugh Kennedy, Esq., of Cultra,
seenty Down, aged 53.
