T., sister of the late Francis W. T. (who died at
Cape Town. Cape of Good Hope, in the year 1836, through a fall
from his horse), is requested to SEND her ADDRESS to T., under
cover to Mr. Pollaky, Private Inquiry-office, 13, Paddington-green,
London.
ST. PETER's HOSPITAL for STONE in the
BLADDER, &c., 54, Berners-street, Oxford-street.—The Com¬
mittee and Governors thankfully ACKNOWLEDGE the RECEIPT of a
LEGACY of £200, bequeathed by the late George Cox, Esq.
3d May, 1866.
J. P. C.ESAR, Sa e.
cretary.
TO Mr. WILLIAM C—
who left his home on
the 25th April.—RETURN at once, and all may be made right.
Delay will be ruinous. Write immediately you see this.—From your
CHARLES CRESSWELL, described in 1844 as at
Garraway's Coffee-house, Cornhill, or his Next of Kin, &c., may
HEAR of SOMETHING to his or their ADVANTAGE. Apply, by letter
(free), stating full particulars, &c., to Mr. M. Coleman, 26, Euston¬
road, N.W.
NOTICE.— RICHARD YOUNG, aged about 45,
a native of Edinburgh, son of the deceased Richard Young,
rewer there, will apply to J. and J. Miller, solicitors, Perth, N.B., he
will HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE.—Porth, 17th
LOST (supposed to be in a Hansom cab) on Wed¬
nesday, May 2, a PLAIN GOLD MORDAUNT's PENCIL CASE,
containing pen. Whoever will br
the same to 72, South Andley¬
street, shall receive THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday
morning, May 4, between Osnaburgh-street and Regent-street, a
GOLD GENEVA HUNTING WATCH, with small glass in middle.
Whoever will bring it to 28, Osnaburgh-street, shall receive the above
reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LEFT in a CAB on
Monday last, at Hyde-park-corner, a BLACK BAG, containing
a railway plan, small book, and sundry papers. The above reward will
be paid on receipt of the bag and contents by Messrs. Metchim and

ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD.—LOST, on Tues¬
day, May 1, a GOLD SIGNET RING, sardonyx, engraved with
"Talbot," and motto "Fide et Virtute" underneath. Perhaps dropped
in a cab. Whoever brings it to Mr. J. Barrett, E. Hedge, Esq.'s, 6,
Stone-buildings, Lincoln's-inn, shall receive the above reward.
TO DRIVERS of HANSOM CABS and others.—
Small BLACK LEATHER BAG LOST (left in a Hansom cab,
taken from Gray's-inn-lane to 1, Westminster-chambers, on Wednes¬
day last, the 2d inst.), containing letters of no use to anyone except
the owner. Whoever will bring the same to the porter.
West¬
minster-chambers, Victoria-street, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS

DOG LOST (ONE POUND REWARD)—a black
and white Isle of Skye terrier dog; long, broad back, with long
hair Whoever will bring it to 12, Addison-terrace, Kensington, shall
receive the above reward. No further reward will be offered.
FOUND, at St. John's-lodge, Regent's-park, after
the Concert, June 19, 1865, and still remains unclaimed, a hand¬
some GOLD BRACELET.
FOUND at Newmarket (the Two Thousand week), a
SUM of MONEY. Whoever may have lost the same, and will
send full particulars, may obtain it on application to Mr. Thomas
Bradfield, of Bishop's Stortford, Herts.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividend.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of one dividend on the sum of £1,000
Navy Five per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
JOHN NEALE, of Hewshott-hill, Bramshott, Hants, Esq., deceased,
and which dividend was paid over to the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt in consequence of its having remained un¬
claimed since the 5th of January, 1814;—Notice is hereby given that,
on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Dividend
will be paid to Thomas Mellersh, the surviving executor, who has
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear and
make out his claim thereto.
THE undersigned JAMES BYAM THIBOU, of
St. John's, in the Island of Antigua, merchant, trading in the
same island under the name, style, and firm of Thibou, Son, and Com¬
pany (and trading at No. 41 Queen-Street, Cheapside, in the city of
London, under the name, style, and firm of Thibou and Company, as
commission merchants), doth hereby give notice, that James Cox Thibou,
lately acting as my clerk and agent, at 41, Queen-street aforesaid, and
elsewhere in England, has ceased to have authority to purchase, sell,
or contract, or to draw, accept, or indorse bills of exchange or promis¬
sory notes, for me or on my behalf, or in the name of the said firm of
Thibou and Company, or in any manner to pledge my credit or the
credit of the said firm of Thibou and Company.—Witness my hand,
and also the hand of the said James Cox Thibou, this 27th day of

JAMES BYAM THIBOU.
JAMES COX THIBOU.
Witness, George Keel, Clerk to R. M. Reece, solicitor,
14, Furnival's-inn.
WORTH-EAST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Parish of ST. MATTHEW, BETHNAL-GREEN.—
I, the undersigned Thomas Wrake Ratcliff, Attorney-at-Law, Auditor
of the abovenamed district, do hereby give notice that I have ap¬
pointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the abovenamed parish for
the half-year ended the 25th day of March, 1866, to commence on Fri¬
day, the 18th day of May 1866, at half-past 11 o'clock in the forenoon,
at the Workhouse of the said parish, when and where all persons who
by law are bound to account at such audit are required to attend, and
to submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers containing or re¬
lating to the accounts or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to,
the relief of the poor.—Dated the 3d day of May, 1866.
THOS. W. RATCLIFF District Audi

OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 203.—Ham¬
let of Lakenham, Norwich.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th
and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the ap¬
plication of WILLIAM BUTCHER the younger, of Bracondale, in
the county of the city of Norwich, auctioneer, the Registrar of the
Office of Land Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar
months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible
TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS in the hamlet of Lakenham, in the
county of the city of Norwich, consisting of three pieces of land,
formerly known as Grummer's and Bird's Lands, containing together
4a. 0r. 25p., or thereabout, in the tenures or occupations of John Bell,
Mary Bayless, and John Sadler respectively, bounded on or towards the
west by the public road from Lakenham-bridge to Ber-street-gate, and
on or towards the north by a private road, and delineated on the map
No. 203, deposited in the Office of Land Registry as part of the de¬
scription of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, to¬
gether with the mines and minerals under the same. If any person
objects to, or desires to show cause against, such registration, or claims
that the same should be subject to any conditions or reser¬
vations, or that any particular estate or encumbrance, charge or
liability, not already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should
be entered on the register with reference to such hereditaments, such
person may be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's¬
inn-fields, at any time before the expiration of the said three calendar
months from the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel,
or by affidavit or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause
against, or to make such claim in respect of, such registration. But
any person desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the
same in writing, stating, the particulars thereof, and with his name
and address thereto, in the Office of Land Registry, before the expira¬
tion of the said three calendar months from the date hereof, other¬
wise he will be excluded from making the same. The said map of the
said hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land Registry may be
inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the
said three calendar months from the date hereof.—Dated this 5th day
of May, 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
WM. BUTCHER, Jun., Applicant in Person.
CAUTION to the PUBLIC.—J. DOWNTON's
Establishment.—We, Messrs. G. and T. BLUNDELL, having pur¬
chased the whole of the premises, goodwill, stock, and machinery of the
late J. Downton, patentee of the celebrated ships' pump and water¬
closets, do hereby give notice, that they are in no way responsible for
any work but that done at the original establishment, Conant-place,
West India-road.
NOTICE.—BURROW's (MALVERN) GLASSES.
—For the future the eyepieces of Burrow's first-class binoculars
will be embossed "W. and J. Burrow, Malvern." Proceedings will be
taken against imitators of this trade mark. Mr. Arnold, 72, Baker¬
street. W., and Messrs. Wales and McCulloch, No. 56, Cheapside, and
No. 22, Ludgate-hill, are the sole retail London agents for these glasses.
Malvern, May, 1866.
W. and J. BURROW.
ADULTERATION.—PUBLIC NOTICE.—Act
25 and 26 Vic., cap. 88.—Several makers of cheap baking powders
have imitated the wrappers of BORWICK's ORIGINAL BAKING
POWDERS so closely that consumers have been deceived thereby, to
the injury of the reputation of Borwick's Baking Powder; this is to
give notice, that for the better protection of the public, the under¬
signed has adopted an entirely NEW TRADE LABEL (duly regis¬
tered), and to imitate which is felony.
All persons forging the labels will be prosecuted under the Act 25
and 26 Vic., cap. 88.
GEORGE BORWICK.
No. 24, Chiswell-street, February, 1866.
THE OFFICES of Messrs. ALEX. F. RIDGWAY
and SONS, army, civil service, and colonial agents, have been
REMOVED from Nos. 39, 40, and 41, Leicester-square, to No. 2, Water¬
place, all-mall, S.W.
CROQUET.—PARKINS and GOTTO's new

descriptive PRICE LIST for 1866:—
Length Diameter
Nos.
Contents of each Box.
Price.
alle) ai.
18 ash mallets, 8 balls, hoops, start¬
ing pins, clips, and rules
2It. 8in.
3in. 15s.
28 polished ash mallets, 8 balls,
hoops, starting pins, clips, and
2ft. 8in.
3in.18s.
rules
 ash mallets, 8 beech balls, gal¬
vanized hoops, starting pins, 3ft.
32gin. 21s.
clips, and rules
8 polished ash mallets, 8 beech
balls, galvanized hoops, starting
3ft.
39ain. 25s.
pins, clips, and rules
58 club-shaped superior ash mal¬
lets, polished, 8 full-size beech
balls, galvanized hoops, starting
3ft. 2in.
3in. 30s.
pins, clips, and rules
6  9 club-shaped best ash mallets,
polished, 8best beech balls, gal¬
vanized hoops, starting pine,
3ft. 2in.
33ain. 40s.
clips, and rules.
78 polished boxwood mallets, 8
bes beec balls, galvanized
31t.
hoops, starting pins, clips, and
33gin. 45s.
rules
 polished boxwood mallets, 8
boxwood balls, strong galvan¬
ized hoops, starting pins, clips,
Jft.
3gin. 50s.
and rules
8 club-shaped, full-size, best box
wood mallets (polished), 8 club¬
size boxwood balls (painted club0.
style), strong galvanized hoops. 3ft. 2in.
3gin. 60s.
starting pins, clips, and rules,
in extra strong box.
The No. 5 set, marked" is the full club size, and can be recom
mended as being very strong and useful
The No. 9 set, marked 
are the best implements that can be made very suitable for clubs or
matches. All croquet sent carriage paid to any railway station in
England, on receipt of a post-office order.—Parkins and Gotto, croquet
manufacturers, 24, 25, 27, and 28, Oxford-street, London, W. N.B.
The trade and shippers supplied on the most liberal terms. A reduc¬
tion made to clubs by taking three sets of a kind.
RODRIGUES' MONOGRAMS and HERALDIC
DEVICES, designed and engraved as gems of art steel dies en¬
graved; note paper and envelopes stamped in colour relief, and illumi¬
nated in the most elegant style; arms, crests or monograms engraved
on seals or rings.—At Henry Rodrigues', 42, Piccadilly, W
FOR FAMILY ARMS (Lincoln's-inn Heraldic
Office), send name and county. Sketch, 3s. 6d., or stamps. Arms
painted and quartered, and engraved on seals, dies, &c. Monograms
designed. Bookplates, &c. Hatchments and monumental brasses.—
PUGH BROTHERS, Great Turnstile, Lincoln's-inn.
WHAT Is YOUR CREST? Send name and
county to CULLETON's Heraldic-office:—Plain sketch of
arms, 3s. 6d.; coloured, 6s.; or the arms, crest, and motto, nicely em¬
blazoned in rich heraldic colours, 12s. Crests and arms engraved on
seals, dies, book plates. The arms of man and wife blended together.
Now ready, an Index, containing the arms of nearly every family.
Book of family crests, 3,000 engravings, price seven guineas, by T.
Culleton, engraver to the Queen, 25, Cranbourn-street, corner of St.
Martin's-lane, W. C.
MONOGRAMS DESIGNED, 1s.; five quires paper
and 100 envelopes, stamped in colours, with initials, 4s.;
superior, 5s. No charge for engraving the die. Address dies, crests,
or arms engraved free of charge if a guinea box be ordered.—T.
CULLETON, die sinker, 25. Cranbourn-street, corner of St. Martin's-lane.
MONOGRAMS for NOTE PAPER.—W. LEU¬
CHARS begs to call attention to his original designs for
crests, monograms, &c., for note paper and envelopes. Dies engraved,
and writing paper illuminated in the highest style of art, at very mode¬
rate prices. No charge for plain stamping. Sheets of specimen mono¬
grams free by post.—W. Leuchars, by special appointment to H.R.H.
the Prince of Wales, 38, Piccadilly, London.
MONOGRAMS.—Messrs. JENNER and KNEW¬
STUB, by special appointments to the Prince and Princess of
Wales, having greatly enlarged their workshops, are enabled to pro¬
duce in still greater numbers their world famous MONOGRAM DIES
for stamping paper. The most elegant novelties in arms, crest, and
address dies; also in illuminating band and ball programmes, dinner
cartes, invitations, &c. No charge for sketches.—Jenner and Knewstub,
Court stationers, 33, St. James's-street, and 66, Jermyn-street.
MONOGRAMS (PARKINS and GOTTO's).
Sketches by the first artists in London, and dies cut in the
best possible manner, at half the usual charges, and remain the pro¬
perty of the customer. No charge made for plain stamping. Colour
stamping reduced to 1s. per 100. Nearly 40 hands for stamping being
kept upon the premises, P. and G. are enabled to execute orders to any
extent with great care and despatch.—Parkins and Gotto, 24, 25, 27,
and 26, Oxford-street, London, W. N.B. The largest stock in Lon¬
ion of dressing cases, bags, writing cases, and presents of all kinds.
