N.—WRITE again. Letters of 25th February, 2d
Iarch, just received as to Tea.

dised to write soon. This long silence is cruel. I fear you
may be ill. In mercy WRITE soon.—E. K. P.
GRATEFUL THANKS for CHARITABLE AID
to SICK and SUFFERING POOR CHILDREN.—The Secre¬
tary of the ROYAL INFIRMAE
idge-road, gratefully
ACKNOWLEDGES a CONTRIBUTION of £1 1s., in aid of sick
children and in memory of Little George. Further help is greatly
needed.
CHARLES J. F. RENTON, Secretary.
Royal Infirmary, Waterloo-bridge-road, S.E.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, a GOLD
BRACELET. Twisted Chain, with ball attached. Apply to
s. Tessier, jewellers, New Bond-street.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday,
21st May, between Badminton annd

CHOCOLATE and WHITE ENAMEL GOLD WATCH CASE.
Whoever will take the same to Mr. Thomas, silversmith, New Bond¬
street, shall receive the above reward.
THREE GUINEAS REWARD.—LEFT in a
HANSOM, on Thursday last, the 21st, which took a gentleman
from Lay's Hotel Surrey-street, Strand, to Gloucester-terrace, Regent's¬
park, a CARPET BAG, containing wearing apparel, &c. Any person
forwarding it to Lays H ae.



FIFTY POUNDS
EWARD.—FIVE AMERI¬
ONDS, 1,000 dollars cac
SOEAN
  h o o N

t  astth
SEN E
above, in a lady's bag, were 

STT o S  .




giving information which will lead to the recovery of t1

to n end



Colombine, Es.
tolieitor , 2, G reat Marlborou ge-sered
Y.. The pay¬
ment of the prinei

are of

he owner.
Bankers, brokers, and agents a
to e ieee e.
oe at in to the above if



E ow as FiveT


isn
d
Act o.
February, 1862, for 1,000 dollars each, Nos. 14,332,
4,333, 19,626.
1704, 88,705.
ghet May.

th BLACK
CURLY RETRIEVER DOG. Apply at 40, Charles-street,
Berkeley-square.
PERSONS of the NAMES of BLACKET, Brasier,
Brocket, Bruce, Burgoyne, Burnaby, Caldwell, Calverley, Camp¬
bell, Chadwick, Chamier, Chetwynd, Clencarty, Deschamp, Downing,
Forrester, Hacket, Hern, Hudson, Loxley, Mansell, and Molyneux,
are hereby informed that some valuable INFORMATION concerning
those families, which may be to their advantage, is now printed and
published in the 21st number of RESEARCHES RESPECTING
FAMILY HISTORY, Unclaimed Property, and Estates in Abeyance
price 5s., or sent free for 82 postage stamps. Address J. H. FENNELL,
No. 49, Millbank-street, near the Houses of Parliament, Westminster.
THE MANOR of CARSHALTON, in the county
of Surrey.—Notice is hereby given, that a GENERAL Custom¬
ary COURT BARON will be held in and for the said manor, on
Thursday, the 18th day of June next, at 12 o'clock at noon precisely,
at the usual and accustomed place, being the King's Arms Inn, in the
village of Carshalton, when and where all persons owing suit and ser¬
vice, claiming admittance to any hereditaments hoiden of the said
manor, or having any other business to transact at the said Court, are
required to attend. —Dated this 26th day of May, 1868.
FRED. JOHN BLAKE, Steward of the said Mano.
ORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.-PARISH of PADDINGTON.—I, the undersigned,
J. H. Mitchiner, Auditor of the above named district, do hereby give
notice that I have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the
parish of Paddington, for the half-year ended the 25th of March, 1866.
to commence on Thursday, the 11th day of June next, at half-past 10
o'clock in the forenoon, at the Workhouse, Harrow-road, when and
where all persons who by law are bound to account at such Audit are
required to attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills, and
vouchers, containing or relating to the accounts or to moneys assessed
for, and applicable to, the relief of the poor. —Dated the 27th day of
May, 1868,
J. H. MITCHINER, District Auditor.
NOTICE.—Intimation is hereby given that John
Jackson, of Amisfield, lately banker in Dumfries, judicial faetor
upon the trust estate of the late Mrs. Elizabeth Rorrison or Wilson, of
Calside ; and Robert Wilson, residing in Maxwelltown, near
Dumiries, Mary Wilson and Agnes Wilson, both residing in Castle
Douglas, and Mrs. Elizabeth Wilson or Oram, widow of the deceased
Hugh Oram, sometime residing in Jamaica-street, Edinburgh, and now
residing in or near Dumfries—being the whole surviving children of
Agnes Wilson, daughter of the said Mrs. Elizabeth Rorrison or Wilson,
of Calside, have presented a petition to the Court of Session (second
division, Junior Lord Ordinary.—Mr. Drysdale, clerk), praying their
lordships, after such notice and procedure as might be required, to
grant warrant to, and authorize the said John Jackson, as judicial
factor aforesaid, to make PAYMENT to the other petitioners, as next
of kin of their brothers, James Wilson, a surgeon in the service of the
Honorable the East India Company, who left this country for India in
or about the year 1821; who was last heard of, there, in the year 1823;
annn
c is supposed to have died there in or about that year—and
WI .
Wilson, a mariner, being an ordinary
ae n t h t ship.
the ie¬
to o ee e
atry

asss
tie e i ay
supposedt

East Indies to


ut the year 1824 of the whole SHARE of th,
SR ES
ESTATE of the deceased ELIZABETH RORRISO
or

which had vested in the said Jaes

illiam Wilsor
son an
as said share as in the hands of th e a in¬
deicial factor which share
amounted as at 18th September last to £2.125 7s. 5d.); the petitioners,
other than the said
ohn Jackson, first finding caution as th

mentionee.
on which petition Lord Mure (Junior Lord Ordinary) has
onous
d the following interlocutor:—
 May, 1868.—Lord
ture
act. Gifford.—Alt. Appoints th
petition
be intimated
ba ne the walls and in t
minute-book for eight days
ppoints the same


mae ementioned in the

a d Mur.
V. S. STUART. S.S.C., Agent for the Petitioners, 24, Dundas¬

eet, Edinburgh, 22 May, 1868.
NOTICE is hereby given, that on the 13th day of
July next, APPLICATION will be made to Her Majesty's Jus¬
tices of the Peace assembled at Quarter Sessions, in and for the county
of Middlesex, at the Sessions-house, at Clerkenwell-green, in and foe
the said county, for an ORDER for DIVERTING and TURNING a
certain PUBLIC HIGHWAY or FOOTWAY, within the limits of the
Local Board for the district of Horn.
the p
t in
of Hornsey, in
the said county, commencing at the north-east side of Stroud.
ren
lane (nearly midway between the respect.
 points at which the public.


Hanley-road and Tollington-park, enter the said
Str.
-green-lane), and passing over las
tsoe in the occupation of Charles
Turner and William Hodson respe
ly, for a distance of 70 feet, or
thereabouts, in a north-easterly direction, and for a further distance of
550 feet, or thereabouts, in an easterly dir
toioion, to a point where

rpuib e
way or footway from Strond-green-lane aforesaid
joins the same
hich two highways or footw

such junction,
lead as
highway towards the public park on.
eiended public
rk,
called, or intended to be called, Finsbury-park, and for making
in lieu thereof another good and sufficient highway or foor

lands, part whereof belonging to William Hodson, and part whereof
belonging to Joseph Lucas, and now in the occupation of Charles
Turner and the said William
doein respectively, such old

eene
y or footway, being all with in i.
limits of the Local Board for the District of Hornsey, in the
arish of
Hornsey aforesaid, which proposed new highway 
foott
ae
more con¬
Dodious to the public
aoed ha at the certificate of two
Justices having
we a in
and the proposed diversion and

roof having been given to ther 
isfaction

ices required by the Statute ine

provided having been duly published, with the plan of the old and pro¬

taenconsents of the respective
owners of the lands over which the said

way is intended to pass,
be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace for
the said county on or before the 6th day of oe
xt.  Dated this
9th day   
S. .
1863. (Signed)
CHARLES TURN
R.

ERRALLS.
J. OAKESHOTT.
J. CL
KE.
Members of the Local Board for the District of Hornsey, in the
parish of Hornsey, in the county of Middlesex, executing the
office of Surveyor of the Highways of the said District.

POTTER, Clerk.
The Common Seal of the said Local Board.
NOTICE is hereby given, that on the 13th day of
July next, APPLICATION will be made to Her Majesty's
Justices of the Peace assembled at Quarter Sessions, in and for the
county of Middlesex, at the Sessions-house at Clerkenwell-green in and
for the said county, for an ORDER for DIVERTING and TURNING
a certain PUBLIC HIGHWAY or FOOTWAY, within the limits
of the Local Board for the district of Hornsey, in the parish of Hornsey
in the said county, commencing at the north-east side of Strond-green¬
lane, at a point about 120 feet in a north-westerly direction from the
junction of a public road called Tollington-park with the said Stroud¬
green-lane, and passing over lands in the occupation of Charles Turne
and William Hodson respectively, in a north-easterly direction, for 425
feet or thereabouts, to a point where another public highway or foot¬
way from Stroud-green-lane aforesaid joins the same, which two high¬
ways or footways, after such junction lead as one highway towards the
public park, or intended public park, called or intended to be called
Finsbury-pan
and for making in lieu thereof another good and suf¬
fi et et h igh wn,
or footway over land
the t ereof belonging to 

ison, and part whereof belonging to 

to o in
the e ocue e
of Charles Turner and

William Hodson respec¬
tively, such old highwayor.
tway, and proposed newin.
way
footway,
being all with ine
to o on

tae d istrict of Horn¬
sey.
the parish of Hornsey aforesaid, which proposed new hig
ay
footway
be more commodious to the public; and that the cer
tificate of two Justices having viewed the same and the

sth
soion and in
t e
of and of proof e at
given to their satis¬
fac
 .
he several notices required by the Statute in that case made


ann
the e ed w ith the plan of the old and
proposed new highway or footway, and the consents of the respective
LO
of the lands over which the said proposed orn.

ay is intended to pass, will be lodged with the Clerk e e

the said county on or before the 6th day of June next.—Dat
this 9 .
day of May, 1863.
S. HICSC.
CHARLES
WRNER
seesaes
sest
.J. C A.
KE.
Members of the Local Board for the District of Hornsey, in the
parish of Hornsey, in the county of Middlesex, executing the
office of Surveyor of the Highways of the said District.

WILLIAM POTTER, Clerk.
The Common Seal of the said Local Board.
CAUTION.—VOIGTLANDER's RACE GLASSES.
—The public are hereby cautioned against imitations. The
genuine bear the following inscription on the slides—"Callaghan, sole
agent by appointment, 23a, New Bond-street, corner of Conduit-street.
CAUTION.—BETTS's CAPSULE PATENTS are
being infringed by importation of capsules made in contravention
of his rights, which necessarily are numerous, Betts being the original
inventor and sole maker in the United Kingdom.—1, Wharf-read, City¬
road, London; and Bordeaux, France.—April 8, 1868.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
opticians to the Government, beg to caution their custome
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of
obtaining the genuine tinted lenses should apply only direct to them,
at 39, Albemarie-street, Piccadilly, opposite Crawley's Hotel.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHER's QUEEN's READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPIC LAMPS as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family. The public are cautioned against in¬
ferior imitations, M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-Street, being
the sole inventor and manufacturer of these celebrated lamps. Draw¬
ings and prices post free.
CAUTION.—OCEAN and LAND TELEGRAPHY.
—The Proprietors of the Letters Patent granted to Mr. W. P.
PIGGOTT hereby give notice, that proceedings will be instituted
against all parties infringing such patents, and that proceedings are
now pending in the Court of Chancery to restrain the infringement
of Mr. Piggott's Patents by the Anglo-American Telegraph Company.
68, Lincoln's-inn-fields, May 18, 1868.
SAUTION.—
Ne Safes.—The WENHAM LAKE
C
ICE COMPANY give notice that every RE
Ra I GERA TONR, or
s e  i eae
ta ears their name and trade

—
thes n tie has become
th is felonye,
et
tie n cn n e e e,
mherous imitations of their
frige¬
ferior qus
rators of an
oae got up and represented to be the

Sole officd
s
Wenham Lake Ice C.

CAUTION.—The PISTONE
EEZIN
MCHINE
a ICE COMAN
o to inform the public
tah a they have
taken over the ice business of
 late George Simpson, including these
valuable patents, Ash's celebrated Piston Freezing Machine, Ash's
Filtering Ice Safes, &c. They further ne

oe eetede i t h any
agents, is totally n¬
er company, and that for
the future none of their patented articles will be supplied but from
the Company's
 office, 315c. Oxford-street, near Harewood-gates.
CAUTION.—Water Filtration.—To prevent
mistakes the public are informed that the latest patented filter in
general use is the DANCHELL PATENT CISTERN FILTER
(patent sealed Sept. 29, 1863), which has superseded all others (vide Pro¬
fessor Frankland's reports to the Registrar-General, July, 1866 and Nov.,

t water withot
filling or any attention whatever. Can be rented if preferred in London
and can only be had in London of the LONDONand GENERAL WATER
PURIFYING COMPANY, 157, Strand, four doors from Somerset¬
CAUTION. —Thomas De La Rue and Co.'s Vegetable
Parchment.—This article having recently been offered for sale
esessmodndsss
give notice that their PATENT for VEGETABLE PARCHMENT
was EXTENDED by the Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's Priv
Council for the further period of five years from 5th of December, 1867.
All persons selling or using veretable parchment not oblained from
the patentees or their agents will be prosecuted as infringers. —Dated,
110 Bunhill-row, April 16, 1868.
CAUTION.—Royal German Spa, Brighton.—
STRUVE and Co. request the public to observe carefully that
Struve's name is on the lable and red ink stamp affixed to each bottle
of their waters, without which, though contained in Struve's bottles, it
connot be of their manufacture. The frequent application by other
parties of the terms "Brighton Seltzers," "Brighton Vichy," &c.,
waters with which Struve and Co. have no connection, reeders this
notice due alike to the public and to Struve and Co.
tray

Waters are sold at the Pump Room, Brighton; by George Waugh
and Co., chymists to Her Majesty, 177, Regent-street, London, and
by all respectable chymists in the kingdom.
