META.—J. C. P. entreats her present ADDRESS.
No annoyance need be feared.

—I left Ma''sin from the same reasons which in¬
duced me to give notice in my rooms. Is it not enough?
CHE Rev. ALFRED MILLS THANKS "An
Anonymous Donor" for £5, in Aid of his Church School Build¬
ng Fund, St. Erth Vicarage, Hayle.— May 2, 1867.
NOT KNOWN by E. T., Oct., 1866, B—. The
Lamb would be so glad to hear from, or see the writer. Mars
solxante-trois ever memorable.
JAMES SCOTT RANKEN wishes to inform his
father and friends that he is seeking a situation. WRITE at
ne to A. R., Mr. Laking's, 26, Half-moon-street, Mayfair, W.
ROBINSON—GANT.—Mr. H. ROBINSON, for¬
merly of No. 4, Cambridge-street, Golden-square, accountant, is
requested to COMMUNICATE with Mr. Cullmer, 17, Southampton-¬
buildings, Chancery-lane, W.
THE CRYSTAL PALACE and SOUTH LON¬
DON JUNCTION RAILWAY COMPANY.—PURCHASERS
of the SURPLUS LANDS of this Company, who have not completed
their purchases, are requested to COMMUNICATE forthwith, with
Messrs. C. and J. Allen and Son, of 17, Carlisle-street, Soho-square,
solicitors.
AUMEROUS valuable CONTRIBUTIONS for the
BAZAAR, at the Hanover-square Rooms, on the 7th, 8th, and
9th of May, in Aid of the UNITED KINGDOM BENEFICENT
ASSOCIATION, 5, Red Lion-square, are thankfully ACKNOW¬
LEDGED.
MANY THANKS for the numerous ARTICLES
received for the BAZAAR, to be held on the 14th, 15th, and
16th inst., at the Beacon Tree Are,
Rooms, Wanstead, in aid of
the funds of the NATIONAL SOCIETY f
PROTECTION
of YOUNG GIRLS.
J. B. TALBOT, Secretary.
May 3, 1867, 28, New Broad-street, E.C.
IF JOHN CHARLES TEAGLES, who formerly
resided in London, but when last heard of was moving about in
the country with a party of travelling players, will APPLY to Messrs.
Hovle and Son, solicitors, Rotherham, he will HEAR of SOME¬
THING to his ADVANTAGE.
IF THOMAS CRESER, son of William Creser,
formerly of Dorset-street, Newington Surrey, will COMMUNI¬
CATE with the undersigned he will HEAR of SOMETHING to his
ADVANTAGE. Any person giving information respecting the said
Thom Creser, if livine
producing legal proof of his death, will be
rewarded.	CHARLES BAYLIS, 30, Poultry, London, Solicitor.
April 8, 1867.
LOST, on Sunday last, a SMALL WHITE
MANILLA DOG, ears and side tinged with brown. ONE
POUND REWARD on restoring the same to 45, Russell-square, W.C.
LOST, on Monday, the 29th April, a PURSE, con¬
taining £50 in notes, and some gold. TEN POUNDS REWARD
will be given if brought to Mr. Wade, newsagent, 13, High-street, Ken¬
sington. Payment of the notes is stopped
TWO POUNDS REWARD (if undamaged).—
LOST, a SILVER WATCH, on Tuesday last, at 5 p.m., in
Fleet-street. Apply to Messrs, Mitchell, stationers, Doctors'-commons.
DOG LOST.—A small BLACK and TAN TER¬
RIER LOST, near Kentish-town, on Wednesday afternoon.
Whoever will bring him to Grove-end-house, Highgate-road, Kentish¬
town, shall be REWARDED.
OOG FOUND—a fawn and white, rather large,
long-haired Terrier Bitch. Found in the neighbourhood of
Brompton and Chelsea, and brought to the Temporary Home for Lost
Dogs, Hollingworth-Street, Liverpool-road, Holloway.
TO WIDOWS of DECEASED OFFICERS of Her
MAJESTY's 73d REGIMENT of FOOT.—William Bewley
Taylor, Esquire (previously called William Bewley Meeke), who
served as an officer in the above regiment, and who died on the 18th of
October, 1855, gave, by his will, to three trustees, a legacy of £4,900,
upon trust, to distribute, half-yearly, the income arising from the in¬
vestment thereof (after payment of trust expenses, in equal pro¬
portions, among such four widows of deceased officers of the said regi¬
ment not having incomes of more than £200 per annum respectively,
as such trustees in their diseretion should select. There are now VA¬
CANCIES for TWO RECIPIENTS of QUARTER SHARES of the
INCOME of the INVESTED LEGACY. Applicants desirous of parti¬
cipating in the benefit of The BEWLEY TAYLOR MILITARY FUND
may address their communications, stating age and present circumstances,
with the dates and places of the deaths of their respective husbands,
and such other particulars as are deemed applicable, for the considera¬
tion of the tustees, to Mr. H. J. Ware, solicitor, 6, New-street, York.
—25th April, 1867.
MIDDLESEX.—Notice is hereby given, that the
next GENERAL SESSION of the PEACE to be holden in and
for the county of Middlesex will commence on Monday, the 6th day of
May inst., at the Sessions-house on Clerkenwell-green, at 10 o'clock
precisely, and that the said Session will be continued and held by ad¬
journment at the said Sessions-house on Thursday, the 16th day of May
inst., on which last-mentioned day, at 12 o'clock precisely, the business
relating to the assessment, application, or management of the county
stock or rate will commence. — Dated this 1st day of May, 1867.
RICHD. NICHOLSON, Clerk of the Peace.
CHRIST CHURCH (SPITALFIELDS). — Whereas
by an order in Council, it is directed "that the coffins now un¬
enclosed beneath the parish church of Spitalfields, Middlesex, be em¬
bedded in soil, mingled with charcoal, and enclosed either by concrete
or by stone or brickwork properly cemented;" Notice is therefore hereby
given, that persons lawfully entitled to procure the REMOVAL of any
BODY or BODIES interred beneath the said church, and wishing to
procure such removal, must on or before Saturday, the 18th of May next,
give me notice of such their desire, and also on or before that day adopt
the requisite proceedings for such removal, as the works ordered will
be immediately afterwards commenced. Further information may,be
obtained on application to me. — Dated this 30th of April, 1867.
By order, SUMERSET J. HYAM, Vestry Clerk.
No. 5, Princes-street, Spitalfields, London, N.E.
TO PIT PROPRIETORS.—A short time ago I laid
before the public my idea of CLEANSING PITS of CHOKE
DAMP. Thus—a small stream of water passing through a pipe or
shoot along its top part, from shaft to extremity of pit, or any conve¬
nient distance, a gutter underneath to receive and convey the water to
shaft, connected by fall of water to each other the vacuum caused by
the water passing through the air would draw the gas from and along
the lower shoot and along the upper shoot to pit's mouth. I further
remark, that to dig to the depth of 6 feet at bottom of shafts, or as
large as possible, fill them with water and let them remain full, the top
parts being barred over so that the waggons would not be incommoded
—this being the index of pit—a cleansing air would issue from the water
up the shaft, also it would greatly augment its draught, increasing its
power to discharge the exhausted air, I should say, two-fold. If this
process were tried alone its result would lead to adopting both : if
adopted I feel assured the result would be good. About seven years
ago the dock waters were strongly impregnated with a foul gas. I was
led to seek a remedy, and found it arose from discharge of barnacles
into its waters; I made known to the authorities the cause, also the
remedy. Since then I have been endeavouring to find a remedy to
cleanse pits, and feel assured if the above suggestions are carried out
we need no longer have dangerous pits to enter. To give an impetus,
the water might be whirled about, salt or charcoal grounded put
therein. A letter addressed to S., 10, Compton-road, Islington, as to
inquiries, would be duly answere
NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP
heretofore existing between us, the undersigned, George Thomas
Breach, Robert Breach, Edwin Breach, and George Thomas Breach the
younger, as fellmongers, wooldealers, and farmers, at Steyning and
elsewhere, in the county of Sussex, was this day DISSOLVED by
mutual consent, and that the same businesses will in future be carried
on under the firm or style of G. T. Breach and Sons, by the said Robert
Breach, Edwin Breach, and George Thomas Breach the younger,
alone, and by whom all debts due to and owing from the said partner¬
ship firm will be received and paid. —Dated this 27th day of April,
1867.
GEO. THOS. BREACH.
RET. BREACH.
EDWIN BREACH
GEO. THO. BREACH, Jun.
Witness—Arthur W. Woods, of Brighton, Solicitor.
SATURDAY HALF-HOLIDAY FUND.
Subscriptions acknowledged, March 21, 1867  £490 2 6
Subsequent subscriptions:—
Messrs. Marshall and
Assistants at Johnstone,
Snelgrove, the Firm of £105  0 0
D. B., and Co.'s, 7th
Assistants at Shoolbred,
subscription
£13 0
J. and Co.'s, 11th sub¬
Leaver and Breeze's

scription.
160 0 0 (Maple, J., and Co.'s, 2d
Capper, Son, and Co.'s,2d
subscription

ditto
3 17 6 Meeking, C., and Co.'s 4th
Charles, Madame Anna,
to 9th ditto10 9 0

0 12 0
The Committee now APPEALtotheir non-subscribing fellowassistants
throughout London to bear their portion in the expenses of the move¬
ment, which at present fall unequally upon a minority of the large
number who are interested. Offices, 100, Fleet-street, E.C.
M. BOWEN
F. ST. CLAIR. Deputy Chairmen.
THE SATURDAY HALF-HOLIDAY.—Fourteen
Hundred Ladies have already signed an undertaking to ABSTAIN
from SHOPPING after TWO O'CLOCK on SATURDAYS.—Offices,
No. 100, Fleet-street.
GAIMES, SANDERS, and NICOL, of Birchin¬
lane, respectfully solicit the indulgence of their patrons, during
the Strike. In a short time they will be able to execute all orders
with their usual promptitude.
HUNT and COLLINS, of 30, Haymarket, beg
respectfully to solicit the kind indulgence of their patrons, in
consequence of the present strike of the operatives. Arrangements are
being made to lessen the inconvenience as much as possible.
HENDREY and EDWARD, Tailors, 30, Cornhill,
in respectfully thanking their customers for the kind indulgence
shown to them during the strike of their workmen, beg to state that
they are completing arrangements which will enable them very shortly
to carry on their business as usual.—30th April, 186.
THOMPSON and SON, Military Tailors, Conduit¬
street, in thankfully acknowledging the uniform consideration
shown to them by their customers since the strike, beg to assure them
that the difficulty experienced in executing their orders is alrendy les¬
sened, and will gradually and surely disappear.
ANDON and Co., Tailors, 7, New Burlington¬
street, beg respectfully to acquaint their patrons that, notwith¬
standing the unfortunate strike, they are enabled to execute any com¬
mands with which they may be entrusted.—7, New Burlington-street,
Regent-street, April 30, 1867.
HENRY BLACKMORE and SON, 55, Brook¬
street, Grosvenor-square, W., respectfully solicit the kind in¬
dulgence of their patrons during the strike. They hope in a short time
to be able to execute all commands entrusted to them with their usual

 J. COOTE, 47, Conduit-street, Bond-street, begs
respectfully to inform his customers that he is now able to
carry on his business, having defeated the strike of the operatives
by making new and efficient arrangements. He returns his best
thanks to his patrons for their kind indulgence, and now respectfully
solicits their esteemed commands.—May 2, 1867.
E. and W. RAVENSCROFT, Military Tallors, &c.,
45, Conduit-street, take this opportunity of thanking their
patrons for their kind support during the present strike of the work¬
men, and to inform them that, from the nature of their arrangements,
they will now be enabled to execute all orders with their usual punc¬
tuality.
THE TAILORS' STRIKE.—PULFORD and Co.,
No. 65, St. James's-street, S.W., beg respectfully to thank their
patrons for kindly forbearing to press for the execution of their
orders; and to acquaint them that they are accomplishing such
arrangements as will enable them shortly to resume their accustomed
business.
LEWIS, SONS, and PARKER, 18, St. James's¬
street, London, S.W., beg respectfully to solicit the kind in¬
dulgence of their patrons for any delay which may occur in the execu¬
tion of their commands, on account of the stnke of the workmen,
They are actively engaged and have made considerable advance in
completing arrangements by which they hope shortly to be able to carry
on their business as usual.—April 29, 1867.
MESSRS. BENNETT and Co., Tailors, 44, Con¬
duit-Street, W., thankfully acknowledge the kind and liberal
manner in which their customers are assisting them in their present
embarrassment, caused by the strike of their workmen, and beg to
assure them that while thus supported they shall feel bound to resist
such arbitrary attempts at coercion; meanwhile they are happy to
state that their arrangements enable them still to execute all urgent
and prossing orders.
HENRY CREED and Co., artistes in draping the
real figure, 33, Conduit-street, Bond-street, beg respectfully to
announce to their kind patrons that their esteemed commands can still
be executed with the utmost desyatch, as, not wishing to occasion dis¬
appointment, Messrs. Creed and Co. have acceded to the wishes of
their operatives, their demands not being really so exorhitant in com¬
parison with the highly skilled workmanship required at their establishl
ment.
ALFRED WEBB MILES, of 73, Broolostreet,
Hanover-square, begs to express his thanks to his numerous cus¬
tomers who are under the impression they are rendering him a service
by withholding their orders during the last few days in consequence of
the strike ; but begs to assure them that he has a most efficient staff
of workmen, in one of the largest and best-ventilated workshops in
London, and can complete any quantity of orders at the shortest pos¬
sible notice.
NOTICE. — Mesrs. SAMUEL, BROTHERS,
beg to announce that the temporary interruption in the trade
has not affected them, and that they are fully prepared to execute all
orders with their usual punctuaiity.—50, Ludgate-hill.
REMOVAL.—A. DAVIS, saddler and harness
maker, of 33, Strand, will shortly REMOVE to his new premises,
No. 14, Strand, two doors west of Charing-cross Station. The branches
at 72, Piccadilly, and Aldershot, remain unchanged.
REMOVAL.—STEPHEN SMITH (late Smith and
Nicholson) Duke-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, to 35, King-street,
Covent-garden (late the Garrick Club-house). N.B. The show rooms
will be closed in future at 2 o'clock on Saturdays,
