JJE N'OUBLIERAI JAMAIS.—I. Your friend
tr again.
DEAR .
The month has passed, vou
have not written as you promised. Pray WRITE, and relieve
our mother's suffering. Everything shell be as you wish.
DESSIE.—Your letter was received by Whalton
with regret and surprise. SEND your ADDRESS, or say when,
where, and how directed, a letter will reach you. For your own sake
do not disregard this.
COLONIAL and CONTINENTAL CHURCH
SOCIETY 9, Serjeants'-inn, Fleet-Street.—The Secretaries grate¬
fully ACKNOWLEDGE a DONATION of £100 from A. C. Z., per
Messrs. Barclay and Co., for iss continental operations.
MR. WILLIAM BADCOCK, deceased.—If the
WIDOW o Mr. WILLIAM BADCOCK, who about three years
since, it is believed, was living at 4. Abbey-street, Bermondsey, is now
alive, she is requested to COMMUNICATE with Messrs. Moore and
St. Barbe, solicitors, Lymington, Hants.
CHARLES WILLIAM WRIGHT TAITT (the
son of Charles Thomas Taitt, who was, it is believed, a herald's
painter in London, and died about five years ago) will HEAR of
SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE on application to the under¬
signed. C. W. W. Taitt was in 1853 at Bathurst, in New South Wales
(now Queensland). — Dated 29th November, 1866.
WILLIAM PHILLIPS, Solicitor, 4, Sise-lane, London.
INFORMATION WANTED of JOSEPH ADAMS,
a son of Captain Joseph Adams, late of New York city, born Sep¬
tember 18, 1836. He left New York in June, 1856, and was last heard
from by letter written by him, dated Cora Mora Islands, December 25,
1858, in which he stated that he was then in a vessel loading guano for
England, and hoped to be in New York in August, and requested to be
addressed at the Sailors' Home, Liverpool, care of Captain Cushing.
Address W. W. De Forest and Co., New York City; or Baring,
Brothers, and Co., 8, Bishopsgate-street within, London.
TO the LADY from VENICE.—In accordance with
the last wish of my late son, JOSEF NIKOLA, I have to inform
you of his previous history. Up to 1865 he was Lieutenant in the Im¬
perial Austrian Field Jager 3d Battalion; at the commencement of
the war against Prussia he again joined the army, this time as Lieute¬
nant in the Italian infantry corps of Ritter von Frank, and fell, on
27th June last, severely wounded, into the hands of the anemy, at the
battle of Nachod, and has not since-been heard of.
JOSEF NIKOLA, Burgher of Vienna.
WILLIAM CRISP—PECHEY.—Whereas some
personASSUMING the NAME and PROFESSION of the above
named WILLIAM CRISP PECHEY, was, under this assumed name,
declared a bankrupt in the month of  August, 1865, I hereby gire
notice that my son, William Crisp Pechey, M.D., M.R.C.S., and L.S.A.,
is the only registered medical man of that name, and that he has
been residing in New South Wales for nearly four ye ars, and is still
practising there. I have reason to believe that the hankrupt con¬
tinues to bear my son's name in this country.
CHARLOTTE PECHEY, West-grove-house, Walthamstow.
November 27, 1866.
Provincial and coloninial papers
FIFTY POUNDS REWARD. — Whereas, during the
last six months, malicious reports have been circulated affecting
the credit of William James Thomas, of 136, Oxford-street, jeweller:
The above reward will be paid to any one who will furnish him, or his
solicitors, Messrs. Blake and Snow, with such INFORMATION as will
lead to the discovery of the author or authors of such reports.
BLAKE and SNOW, Solicitors, 22, College-hill,
Cannon-street, E.C.
LOST, a PURSE, at Camden-town, containing
three cheques and gold. Any person bringing the same to Mr.
Vinall, Adelaide Tavern, Adelaide-road, Haverstock-hill, shall receive
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, about 11 p.m.,
27th inst., between Swallow-passage and Burlington-street, Re¬
gent-street, W., a LADY's GOLD ALBERT CHAIN, snake and ball
pattern. The above reward will be paid on its recovery.—96, Wal¬
worth-road, S.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LEFT, in a Hansom
CAB, at the Waterloo Station (Loop Line), on Tuesday last,
at about 6 o'clock in the afternoon, a BLACK LEATHER BAG, con¬
taining law papers. Whoever will bring the above to the porter's
lodge, King's-hench-walk, Inner Temple, shall receive the reward.
BAHIA and SAN FRANCISCO RAILWAY
COMPANY (Limited).—The CERTIFICATES of FIVE
SHARES in the Company, numbered 32026 to 32030, having been
LOST, the Directors have been requested to replace them, which as
at present advised they propose to do, by issuing duplicate certificates
at the expiration of 14 days from this date. Any information on the
subject may be given to Messrs. Oliverson, Peachey, Denly, and
Peachey, 8, Frederick's-place, London, E.C., the solicitors of the Com¬
pany.—November 23, 1866.
FOUND, in the London-bridge Station, a small
GOLD LOCKET. Apply at 4, Eastchcap.
BING FOUND.—FOUND, on the evening of the
21st instant, in Oxford-street, a MOURNING RING. Apply,
by letter only, giving description, to A. R., care of Mr. G. Street,
o. 30. Cornhil.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £267 10s. 6d. Consolidated
Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
FRANK CUTLER, of Hungerford-street west, wine merchant, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of
the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th July,
1856; Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months
from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends
thereon paid, to Frank Cutler, who has claimed the same, unless
some other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
NOTICE.—Queen's Head Hotel, Hawkhurst.—
JAMES OADES of Egham will NOT be RESPONSIBLE for
any DEBTS or LIABILITIES in respect of the Queen's Head Hotel,
Hawkhurst, Kent, which he has not personally contracted, or which
he may notthereafter personally contract. — Dated this 29th November,
1866.— JAMES OADES.
NOTICE is hereby given, that upon a motion
this day made to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council,
by counsel, praying that a day might be appointed for hearing the
matter of the PETITION of CHARLES CLIFFORD, of Maiden¬
head, and CHARLES RALPH, of East India-avenue, gentleme
for a PROLONGATION of the TERM of the LETTERS PATENT
granted to the said Charles Clifford, on the 13th April, 1853 for "Im¬
provements in Apparatus for Lowering Boats evenly, and Preventing
them Filling with Water," it was ordered by their lordships that the
matter of the said petition be heard before the said Committee on
Friday, the 1st day of February next, at half-past 10 o'clock a.m.—
Dated this 27th day of November, 1866
WILDE, REES, HUMPHRY, and WILDE, College-hill,
Petitioners' Solicitn.
BATING of CHARITABLE INSTITUTIONS.—
Trustees and Managers of Asylums, Dispensaries, Hospitals,
Schools, and other benevolent Institutions interested in perpetuating
the exemption from rating which charitable institutions have enjoyed
for upwards of 250 years, and of which, by a fresh interpretation of the
42d of Elizabeth, cap. 2, they are now, for the first time, deprived, are
requested to COMMUNICATE and CO-OPERATE with the Com¬
mittee formed for the purpose of obtaining legislative relief, and
thus prevent their usefulness being curtailed by the imposition of Poor
and Local Rates.
All communications to be addressed forthwith to the Honorary Sec¬
retary of the London Committee on "Rating of Charities," at 1, St.
Helen's-place, London, E.C.
THOMAS TILSON, Clapham-park, S., Chairman.
JAMES ROGERS, Hon. Secretary.
CHARITY COMMISSION.—In the Matter of the
CHARITY founded by THOMAS BROWN, Esq., primarily for
promoting the study and cure of the maladies, distempers, and injuries
of certain quadrupeds or birds useful to man.—By order of the Charity
Commissioners for England and Wales, notice is hereby given, that
upon application of the Senate of the University of London, Trustees
of the abovementioned Charity, they propose, at the expiration of one
month from the publication of this notice, to APPROVE provisionally
a SCHEME to be submitted to Parliament for the following principai

For enabling the University to establish and maintain, in lieu of the
Sanatory Institution and Professorship designed by the founder, a de¬
partment wherein veterinary students and practitioners submitting
themselves to effective examiations under the direction of the Univer¬
sity may receive certificates or testimonials of their fitness to exercise
the veterinary profession with advantage to the public, and wherein
also the most successtul candidates may have awarded to them, in evi¬
dence of their superior professional acquirements, exhibitions and other
prizes or marks of distinction, to be regulated as to their number and
amount, or value and tenure, by the University; and, by applying the
endowment of the said Charity to the several last-mentioned purposes,
to advance the general purposes of the founder to the greatest public
advantage.
Any objections to such scheme must be stated in writing, and trans¬
mitted to the said Commissioners, or their Secretary, at their office,
No. 8, York-street, St. James's-square, in the city of Westminster,
within one month from the publication hereof. —Dated this 28th day
of November, 1866.
HENRY M. VANE, Secretary.
CHARITY COMMISSION.—In the Matter of the
several CHARITIES founded by the SETTLEMENT and WILL
of CHRISTOPHER TANCRED, of Whixley, in the county of York,
Esq., deceased.—Notice is hereby given, that the Board of Charity
Commissioners for England and Wales, upon the Report of Francis
Offley Martin Esq., their Inspector, and upon the application of the
Governors and Trustees of the above mentioned Charities, propose to
approve and certify a SCHEME to be submitted to Parliament, having
the following objects, namely:—
1. That the future Pensioners shall not reside in the Hospital.
2. That if any existing Pensioner is desirous not to reside, the
Governors, with the assent of the Charity Commissioners, may agree
on terms with him.
3. That whenever the resident Pensioners become reduced to four,
the Governors, with the assent of the Charity Commissioners, may
make provisions for their removal from the Hospital and residence
elsewhere.
4. That powers be given for the sale of the estates.
5. That some provision be made for augmenting the stipend of the
curate of Whixley.
6. That the number of the Pensioners hereafter to be appointed shall
be increased, and that they shall reside somewhere in Great Britain.
7. That the class of persons eligible shall extend to all British sub¬
jects of certain conditions of life and of either sex.
8. That if the estates are sold or the Hospital is broken up, the Go¬
vernors shall, with the assent of the Charity Commissioners, have
power to fix the amount of Pensions to be enjoyed by the present Pen¬
sioners, but sof as noty to diminish the amount of benefit they have
heretofore been accustomed to receive.
9. That the rest of the Charity Funds shall be applied in extending
the number of Studentships in any of the three specified Faculties.
10. The Governors, with the assent of the Charity Commissioners,
shall have power from time to time to frame schemes for the regula¬
tion of the terms on which Pensions and Studentships shall be granted.
and their amount or number, and otherwise for the due regulation and
administration of the Charities.
11. The Society of Lincoln's-inn to have power from time to time to
appoint a member of their Bench to be a Governor and Trustee for so
long as they think fit, with the same powers as the Treasurer of the
Society, and to vary the appointment.
12. Any doubt or dispute as to the proper construction or applica¬
tion of any of the provisions of the scheme to be decided by the Charity
Commissioners, upon application to them by the Governors.
Any objections to such scheme are required to be stated in writing
and transmitted to the said Board at their office, 8, York-street, St.
James's-square, London, S.W., within one calendar month from the
publication of this notice. —Dated this 16th day of November. 1866.
(Signed) HENRY M. VANE. Sec.
METROPOLITAN WATER SUPPLY ASSOCI¬
ATION.—We, the undersigned, whose names have been pub¬
lished as members of the so-called "Committee" of the Metropolitan
Water Supply Association (to which one James W. Parker is stated to
be Secretary), hereby make known that we have WITHDRAWN our
NAMES from such COMMITTEE; and also that we have never
authorized applications to be made for money in aid of the so-called
Association, nor the taking of any other proceeding whatever in relation
thereto.
This statement is not to be taken as one of disapproval of the object
implied in the name of the Association.
Signed,
HUGH OWEN
THOMAS HYDE HILLS (John Bell and Co.,
No. 338, Oxford-street).
CHARLES MURCHISON, M.D., F.R.S.
HORACE JEAFFRESON. M.D.
ROBERT SLATER, 104, Fore-street.
ANDREW CLARK, M.D.
. 28, 1866.
EDWARD SCHWEITZER, F.C.S.
WICE-CHANCELLOR STUART, at Chambers.—
Mr. Leach, Registrar.—Tuesday, the 13th day of November,
1866.—Between William Turquand, the Official Liquidator of the
Leeds Banking Company, plaintiff, Timothy Ingham, defendant.—
Upon the application of the plaintiff, and upon hearing the solicitors
for the applicant, and it being alleged that the plaintiff hath filed his
bill in this Court against the defendant, and that it appears by the re¬
spective affidavits of John Kirkby and Hlenry Squies, both filed the
8th November, 1866, that the defendant, TIMOTHY INGHAM, has
been within the jurisdiction of this Court within two years next before
the filing of the said bill, and that all due diligence has been used to
serve the said defendant with a copy of the said bill, but without effect,
and that upon inquiry at the last known place of abode of the said de¬
fendant, Timothy Ingham, and at other places where, at the time
when the said bill was filed, he might most probably have been met
with, he could not be found, so as to be served with a copy of the said
hill, and that there is just ground to believe that the said defendant
has gone out of the realm or otherwise absconded to avoid being served
with such copy, and upon reading the said affidavits; it is ordered
that the defendant, Timothy Ingham, do appear to the plaintiff's bill on
or before the 1st day of January, 1867; and the plaintiff is to cause a
copy of this order, together with a notice thereof, to the effect set forth
at the foot of the 10th of the Consolidated Orders, rule 8, to be inserted
once in the London Gazette within 14 days from the date hereof, and
twice in The Times newspaper, and three times in the Bradford Ob¬
server and the Leeds Mercury newspapers, published in the county of
York, within 28 days from the date hereof.
R. H. L.—Registrar's office, Entering Lib. B Seat.—Entd. G. L.
Timothy Ingham.—Take notice, that if you do not appear, pursuant
to the above order, the plaintiff may enter an appearance for you and
the Court may afterwards grant to the plaintiff such relief as he may
appear to be entitled to on his own showing. —Dated this 20th day of
 vember, 1860
IRESHFIELDS and NEWMAN, 5, Bank-buildings,
London, Plaintiff's Solicitors.
