FOREST-GATE.—Again late. Could not help it.
So sorry not to be able to come, but could not possibly then.
ll as soon as possible. Unchanged for ever. Fear not.—WINTER.,
JUCH pleased with letter giving such satisfactory
accounts. Hope that you will be enabled to send fuller details;
possible, do so, dearest. All here going on as you would approve.
hough lost to sight, to memory dear."—Faithfully yours, O. W. L.
MR. PETER McGREGOR.—This gentleman, for¬
merly manager of the Inighi Inighi Sheep Station, Darlin
Downs, Queensland, Australia, will oblige by COMMUNICATING
with Mr. Chapman, 40. Bedford-row, W.C.
C. S. ANDERSON, at one time residing at No. 9,
Plantagenet-street, St. Anne-road, Nottingham, or (if deceased)
his lawful issue, are requested to COMMUNICATE with John and
James Ogilvie, solicitors, Dundee, who will inform them of
something to their advantage.
TO MISSING FRIENDS. —Mrs. HENRY
HOWARD, formerly Miss Emily Underwood, or Miss Agnes
Underwood, please COMMUNICATE with R. Taylor, 27, Clarence¬
terrace, Seven Sisters'-road, Holloway, London, as he has news for
them from New Zealand.
MR. WALTER J. H. RODD, of 121, Wardour¬
street, having been unexpectedly cailed abroad, begs to giv
tice to his friends and correspondents, that all BUSINESS MAT¬
TERS must be DELAYED for settlement until his return to England.
— June 29, 1868.
LOST, June 29th, from Denmark-hill, Camberwell, a
SMALL BLACK and TAN TERRIER.
hoever will take the
same to Mr. Ward, bookseller, &c., Denmark-hill, Camberwell, shall re¬
ceive THREE POUNDS REWARD.
LOST, LONDON DOCK WARRANTS:—
Ex Benbow, Dryman, G Charente, entered by Bishop and Sons,
22d Feby., 1867:—B, two diamonds, S, OOO, 15—one hlid, brandy,
warrant No. 03677.
Ex Benbow Dryman, G Charente, entered by Black, Feby., 1867:—
BEG. O. P. 29-30—two hhds, brandy, warrant Nos. 54867-S.
Ex Alford, Ellis,
Charente, antered by Bishop and
1st
Jany., 1867:—B, two nlamonds, 8, O, 46-47—two hhds, brandy, war¬
rants Nos. 64861-2.
Any information respecting the above to be given to Messrs. Bishop
and Sons, Finsbury Distillery, Ropemaker-street, E.C.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on June 12th,
a young GRAY PARROT. Says "Jack" and several other
words very plainly. Whoever has found the bird is requested to take
it to 31, Alpha-road, N.W. No further reward will be offered.
TO CABMEN.—If the cabman who (drove a gentle¬
man and two ladies from Harley-street to the Great Northern

on the night of Monday, June 29th, will atake the BLACK
LEATHER BAG left on his cab to 128, Harley-street, he shall be RE¬
WARDED.
TO CABDRIVERS. —LEFT in a CAB, taken from
Bond-street to Park-place, Regent's-park, on Wednesday last, at
4.30 p.m., a CARD-CASE, containing a season ticket for the Crystal
Palace, letters, &c. Whoever will take the same to Messrs. Morris and
,50, all-mall, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, £100 NOTE,
No. 95.793, dated November 18th, '67, yesterday afternoon o
night. Whoever has found the same and will take it to Mr. Mitchell
Old Bond-street, shall receive the above reward. Payment of
the note has been stopped by the Secretary of the Bank of England.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 1st inst.,
between Westbourne-grove, Queen's-gardens, and Kilburn, a
SHORT GOLD CHAIN, with gold seal, key, and other charms.
Whoever takes the same to White, baker, Archer-street, Notting-hill,
shall receive the above reward.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £800 New £3 per Cent. Annuitice
heretofors standing in the name of PENELOPE GERTRUDE
VEYSIE, of Plymtree, Devon, spinster, and which was transferred to
the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon having
remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1858; Notice is hereby given,
that, on the expiration of three menths from this date, the said Stock
will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon paid, to Penelope
Gertrude Veysie, who has claimed the same, unless some other claim¬
ant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all others having any interest
in the personal estate and effects of RICHARD BELFIT, late of
No. 12, York-terrace-mews, Marylebone, in the county of Middlesex,
cab proprietor, deceased, who died at No. 16, Devonshire-mews east,
Portland-place, in the same county, on the 27th December, 1867.—
Notice is hereby given to you, that a CITATION has issued, under
seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated 22d June, 1868, citing
you, within eight days after service thereof, to cause an appearance to
be entered for you in the Principal Registry of the said Court, and
accept or refuse letters of administration of the personal estate and
effects of the said deceased, or show cause why the same sheuld not be
granted to John Greenwood, Esquire, as the Solicitor for the Affairs of
Her Majesty's Treasury, and his successors in that office, for Her
Majesty's use ; with an iutimation that, in default of your appearing,
such letters of administration will be granted to the said John Green
wood, and his successors in office, ac
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
H. DYKE, Esq., Her Majesty's Proctor, Doctors'-commons.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all others having any interest in
the personal estate and effects of JOHN McCORMICK, formerly of
No. 147, Leadenhall-Street, in the city of London, hatter, but late of
No. 39, Southwark-bridge-road, in the county of Surrey, porter, de¬
ceased, who died at No. 39, Southuark-bridge-road aforesaid, on the
4th March, 1866:—Notice is hereby given to you, that a CITATION has
issued, under Seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated 22d June,
1868, citing you, within eight days after service thereof, to cause an ap
pearance to be entered for you in the Principal Registry of the said
Court, and accept or refuse letters of administration of the personal
estate and effects of the said deceased, or show cause why the same
should not be granted to John Greenwood, Esquire, as the Solicitor for
the Affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, and his successors in that office,
for Her Majesty's use, with an intimation that, in defanlt of your ap¬
pearing, such letters of administration will be granted to the said John
Greenwood, and his successors in office, according
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
H. DYDE, Esq., Her Majesty's Proctor, Doctors'-common.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—
To the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all others having any
interest in the personal estate and effects of HARRIET SURRELL,
formerly of Edmund-street, King's-cross, in the county of Middlesex,
but late of No. 94, Caledonian-road, in the same county, widow, de¬
ceased, who died at No. 94, Caledonian-road aforesaid, on the 11th
March, 1867.—Notice is hereby given to you, that a CITATION has
issued, under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated 22d June,
1868, citing you, within eight days after service thereof, to cause an
appearance to be entered for you in the Principal Registry of the said
Court, and accept or refuse letters of administrator of the personal
estate and effects of the said deceased, or show cause why the same
should not be granted to John Greenwood, Esquire, as the Solicitor for
the Affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, and his successors in that office,
for Her Majesty's use, with an intimation that in default of your ap¬
pearing such letters of administration will be granted to the said John
Greenwood, and his successors in office accordingly
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
H. DYKE, Esq., Her Majesty's Proctor Doctors'-corn.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all others naving any interest in
the personal estate and effects of JOHN FESTUS FEGAN, late of
Charlton Kings, in the county of Giloucester, Esquire, deceased who
died at Charlton Kings aforesaid, on the 22d September, 1855.—Notice
is hereby given to you, that a CITATION has issued under seal of Her
Majesty's Court of Probate, dated 22d June, 1868, citing you, within
eight days after service thereof, to cause an appearance to be entered
for you in the Principal Registry of the said Court, and accept or refuse
letters of administration of the unadministered personal estate and
effects of the said deccased, or show cause why the same should not
be granted to John Greenwood, Esquire, as the Solicitor for the Affairs
of Her Majesty's Treasury, and his successors in that office, for Her
Majesty's use, with an intimation that in default of your appearing,
such letters of administration will be granted to the said John Green¬
wood, and his successors in office scoredir,
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON Registrar.
F. H. DYKE, Esq., Her Majesty's Proctor, Doctors'-commons.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all others having any interest
in the personal estate and effects of WILLIAM CHITTOCK, late of
No. 6. Cowley-street, in the city of Westminster, gentleman, deceased,
who died at No. 6. Cowley-street aforesaid, on the 3d November, 1865.
—Notice is hereby given to you, that a CITATION has issued, under
seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, dated 22d June, 1868, citing
you, within eight days after service thereof, to cause an appearance to
be entered for you in the Principal Registry of the said Court, and
accept or refuse letters of administration of the personal estate and
effects of the said deceased, or show cause why the same should not be
granted to John Greenwood, Esquire, as the Solicitor for the Affairs of
Her Majesty's Treasury, and his successors in that office, for Her Ma¬
jesty's use, with an intimation that in default of your appearing such
letters of administration will be granted to the said John Greenwood,
and his successors in office accordingly.
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
F. H. DYKE. Esq., Her Majesty's Proctor, Doctors-commons.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all others having any interest in
the personal estate and effects of DINAH WESTERBY, late of
No. 60, William-street, in the town and county of Kingston-upon¬
Hull, widow, deceased, who died at No. 60, William-street afore¬
said on the 9th December, 1861.—Notice is hereby given to you, that a
CITATION has issued, under the seal of Her Majesty's Court of Pro¬
bate, dated 22d June, 1868, citing you, within eight days after service
thereof, to cause an appearance to be entered for you in the Principal
Registry of the said Court, and accept or refuse letters of administra¬
tion of the personal estate and effects of the said deceased, or show
cause why the same should not be granted to John Greenwood, Esq.,
as the Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, and his suc¬
cessors in that office, for Her Majesty's use, with an intimation that,
in default of your appearing such letters of administration will be
granted to the said John Greenwood and his successors in office accord¬

CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
F. H. DYKE, Esq., Her Maiesty's Proctor, Doctors'-commons.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT of KIN (if any) and all others having any interest in
the personal estate and effects of WILLIAM RONALDSON, late of
No. 4, Pitt's-place, Drury-lane, in the county of Middlesex, stage car¬
penter, deceased, who died at the St. Giles's Infirmary, Endell-Street,
in the same county, on the 1st December, 1867.—Notice is hereby given
to you, that a CITATION has issued under seal of Her Majesty's
Court of Probate, dated 22d June, 1868, citing you, within eight days
after service thereof, to cause an appearance to be entered for you in
the Principal Registry of the said Court, and accept or refuse letters of
administration of the personal estate and effects of the said deceased,
or show cause why the same should not be granted to John Green¬
wood, Esquire, as the Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty's Trea¬
sury, and his successors in that office, for Her Majesty's use, with an
intimation that, in default of your appearing, such letters of adminis¬
tration will be granted to the said John Greenwood and his successors
in office accordingly.
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
H. DYKE, Esq., Her Majesty's Proctor. Doctors'-commons.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP
heretofore sunsisting between us, the undersigned Edward
Joshua Freeman and William Boughen, in the business of wine, spirits,
ale, and porter merchants, carried on by us at Morrison's Stores, Guild¬
hall-hill, in the parish of St. Peter's Mancroft, in the city of Norwich,
under the firm of Freeman and Boughen, is this day DISSOLVED by
mumal consent. All depts due to or owing by the said late firm will
be received and paid by the said William Boughen, who will in future
carry on the said business on his own account.—As witness our hands
EDWARD J. FREEMAN.
this 27th day of June, 1368.		WILLIAM BOUGHEN.
Witness—Geo. A. Stevens.
NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs respectfully to inform her customers and ladies of the nobi¬
lity her establishment will in future be CLOSED at 5 a'clock on Satur¬
days.—92, Regent-street.
NOTICE.—The GLADSTONE BAG, invented and
perfected by FISHER, of the Strand. We are informed that
inferior imitations of this article are offered for sale. Buyers are re¬
quested to notice that the genuine Gladstone Traveling Bagis stamped
aeold, in a garter, Fisher 188, Strand.
NOTICE.—Z. SIMPSON and Co. (formerly T.
Simpson and Co.) beg to inform their friends and the public
that their BUSINESS of SILK MERCERS and GENERAL
DRAPERS, so long established at 48, 49, 50, and 53, Farringdon¬
street, is still CARRIED ON by them at their NEW PREMISES,
No. 66, Farringdon-street, city, and not elsewhere.
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES instituted with secrecy and despatch
in divorce and other cases, by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington-green.
MISREPRESENTATION.—The TEN GUINEA
SUITES, in 15 carat gold, machine made, as advertised, are only
to be procured at 37, Conduit-street, Bond-street. Mr. STREETER
finds it necessary to make this announcement, as sets of ornaments,
stated to be of his manufacture and of 18 carat gold, are now bein
offered to the public, whereas, they are in reality of a much inferior
quality. Purchasers, especially in the provinces, are therefore cau¬
tioned to have the quality of the gold stated on their invoice.—
HANCOCK, BURBROOK, and Co. (now Edwin W. Streeter), 37, Con¬
duit-street, five doors from Bond-street.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacies of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S, have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of
obtaining the genuine tinted lenses should apply only direct to them,
1o 3 , A,lbemarle-street, Piccadilly, opposite Crawley's Hotel
CAUTION.—WATER FILTERS.—Prevention of
Cholera.—Placing a filter inside a cistern is objectionable, because
it can only be cleaned when the cistern is empty. The use of animal
charcoal alone is also objectionable, because its coarse, granular stats
permits animalculse and dirt to pass with the water, and moreever, the
charcoal itself soon becomes foul, and thes gives back to the water the
impurities which it had previously taken from it. The only real
purifier of water is the Silicated Carbon Filter, which has been proved
by the Lancet commission to be capable of removing the organic and
saline impurities, and is so constructed as to render the passage of
animalculs phyrically impossible. Filters for demestic use in all sizes,
Cistern filters (if required) from 12s. 6d. upwards. Main service filters
for purifying large quantities of water. Illostrated price lists and
r information on application to the SILICATED CARBON
FILTER Co., Church-road, Battersea, S.W.
