EDWARD HEFFERNAU, of Bombay, will FIND

LETTERS lying at 7, Mincing-lane.
LALFRED FONTAINE est prié de DONNER
son ADRESSEà M. Fontaine Target, on à toute autre per¬
sonne de sa famille, pour uneen.
communication importante.
TO H. H.—I return to night (Monday). Meeting
of creditors on Wednesday. Your presence is all-important,
RETURN immediately, and all will be well. Your continued absence
is ruinous. If in town see Mr. W.—B. P. B.
ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—AB¬
SCONDED, JULIUS JOSEPH, charged on a warrant from
Guildhall Police-court, London, with embezzling a considerable sum
of money belonging to Messrs. Rosenberg and Co., cigar manufacturers,
London, his employers. Description:—Age 45, height 5 feet 6 or?
inches, sallow complexion, gray eyes, black hair and whiskers (small),
is very forward in his manner, bites his lips, and knits his brow when
reflecting, is a German by birth, speaks English with a strong foreign
accent, and several other languages fluently. It is expected that he
will assume another name. The above reward will be given on his ap¬
prehension, conviction, and recovery of the property, or in propor¬
tion. Apply to Messrs. Lewis and Lewis, 10 Ely-place or to Inspec¬
tor Hamilton, City Police Detective-office, Old Jewry, London. £50
reward will be given for apprehension unconditionally.
LOST, on Thursday, the 9th, near Hanover-square, a
small PUG, wearing a collar, with name of "Countess of Gains¬
borough." A handsome REWARD for whoever will bring the above
to 11, Chamdos-street, Cavendish-square.
LOST, on Thursday last, near St. James's Church,
Piccadilly, a long PAPER ACCOUNT. FIVE SHILLINGS
REWARD will be paid by Messrs. Webster and Co., 60, Piccadilly, on
its delivery to them.
LOST, a TURKISH COUPON for £15, due Sep¬
tember, 1861, No. B 185, payment of which is stopped. Any one
bringing the same to Messrs, Griffith and Druitt, 23, Tokenhouse¬
yard, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, a TOM CAT, on the 30th ult., from 6, Park
Cottages, Park Village east, N.W. Colour a light gray, striped
with black: answers to the name of "Johnny."
ill bring
him back to the above address shall receive TEN SHILLINGS

LOST, on Saturday evening last, at the Colosseum,
a BROWN PORTEMONNAIE, containing two £5 notes (num¬
bers known and payment stopped), gold, silver, and two address cards.
Whoever will brihg the same to Mr. Russe
stationer, 2, Cannon¬
street, city, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
LEFT, at the Alma Tavern, Upper Norwood,
Surrey, on 25th September, a large DOG, between a Newfound-¬
land and retriever. If not owned by 16th October will be SOLD to
defray expenses.
LEFT in a CAB, on Saturday evening, an OVER¬
COAT and UMBRELLA. Route—Ludgate-hill to Myddelton¬
square, thence to Gerard-street. Cabman shall be REWARDED on
returning the same to the owner, at 44, Gerard-street, Islington.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Satur
day last, in or near Oxford-street, a GOLD LOCKET, contain¬
ing miniature and hair.—8. Tichborne-street, Haymarket.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Friday last,
supposed to be in the Marylebone-road, a GOLD SIGNET
RING BLOODSTONE. Apply at Mr. Dodd's, bookseller, &c., 5, Upper
Southwick-street, Cambridge-square, W.
TO CABMEN.—ONE POUND REWARD.—
LEFT, in a Hansom cab, on Tuesday night, at 5 minutes past 12,
from the Haymarket to Victoria Station, a CASE, violin, and bow.
Whoever will bring the same to Ch. Theress, 39, King-Street, Soho,
shall receive the above reward.
WHITE and LIVER-COLOURED SETTER
followed a female, from the Regent's-park, Oct. 5. The owner
can have it by paying all expenses. If not claimed in a week will be
SOLD to defray them. Apply at 1, Sussex-place-mews, Regent's-park.
THE GROSVENOR HOTEL.—If the gentleman
who on Thursday last TOOK in MISTAKE from the coffee-room
a BROWN SILK UMBRELLA will send it to the Manager, his own
will be returned to him.—October 13, 1862.
DOG LOST.—Ten Shillings Reward. —Strayed from
Brook-street, Hanover-square, on Wednesday evening, the 8th
inst., a NEWFOUNDLAND PUPPY seven weeks old, white legs and
belly, black back, tail tipped with white. No further reward will be
offered. Apply to the housekeeper, 66, Brook-street, Hanover-square.
BRIGHTON RAILWAY.—FOUND, during
September, in a second class carriage, between London and Brigh¬
ton, a PURSE. Apply, giving full description of contents, to the
Traffic Manager, Terminus, Brighton.
TO PARISH CLERKS and others.—ONE GUINEA
will be paid for the CERTIFICATE of MARRIAGE of RUS¬
TOMJEE VICCAJEE, of Bombay, "with some English lady in Lon¬
don, during the years 1851 and 1852. Apply to R. A. Rowse, 32, Great
St. Helens, E.C.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Ap¬
plication having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
daction of the National Debt of the sum of £70 Consolidated 3 per
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of EDWARD
STEPHEN DENDY of Storey's-gate, St. James's-park, Esq., and
HELEN MARIA DENDY, of Horsham, Sussex, spinster, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence
of the Dividends thereon having remained unclaimed from the 5th
January, 1851:—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid, to Edward Stephen Dendy and Helen Maria
Evershed (formerly Dendy, spinster), wife of John Dendy Evershed,
who have claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner
appear and make out his claim thereto.
IF JOOHN
SAUNDERS DOES NOT FETCH
AWAY the BOXES and FURNITURE LEFT at 16, Charles¬
street, Middlesex Hospital, in 1860, within seven days from this date,
they will be SOLD to pay rent and expenses.—A. MITCHELL.
BURROW's LANDSCAPE GLASSES.—Notice is
hereby given, that legal proceedings will be immediately taken
against all persons offering for sale field-glasses as and for the genuine
MALVERN LANDSCAPE GLASSES, and the public are CAU¬
TIONED against buying such as do not bear the names of "W. and
J. BURROW, Great Malvern," in relief upon the evepiecces, both of the
3-guine.
nd 6-guinea glasses. WM. WILKES CAWLEY,
ss.
Solicitor for the said W. and J. Burrow.
NORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUBIT
DISTRICT.—Parish of St. Martin-in-the-Fields.—I, the under¬
signed J. H. Mitchiner, Auditor of the above named district, do hereby
give notice that I have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of
the PARISH of ST. MARTIN-IN-THE-FIELDS, for the half-year
ended the 29th day of September, 1862, to commence on Tuesday, the
28th day of October inst., at 10 o'clock in the forencon, at the Work¬
house, when and where all persons who by law are bound to account
at such audit are required to attend, and to submit all books, docu¬
ments, bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the accounts, or to
moneys assessed for and applicable to the relief of the poor. —Dated
the 15th day of October, 1862.
J. H. MITCHINER, District Auditor.
PARISH of ST. GEORGE, Hanover-square.—I, the
undersimed auditor, give notice, that I have fixed the AUDIT
of the ACCOUNTS, relating to the Poor Rate, and the Relief of
the Poor, of the Parish of St. George, Hanover-square, in the county of
Middlesex, for the half-year ended the 29th of September, 1662, to com¬
mence on Saturday, the 1st of November next, at 10 o'clock in the
forenoon, at the Beard Room in Mount-street, when and where all
other persons who by law are bound to account at such Audit, are re¬
quired to attend beforeme, and to submit all books, documents, bills,
and vouchers containing or relating to the said accounts, or to moneys
assessed for and applicable to the relief of the poor of the said parish.
—Dated the 13th of October, 1862.
Signed,
FRANCIS TOWERS STREETEN.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—The EURYDICE, — Master.—No. 1,361. — Whereas a
cause of wages has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of
England, on belalf of Edward Connelly, formerly chief mate and late
master of the barque or vessel Eurvdice, against the said vessel, her
tackle, apparel, and furniture, now lying in the London Docks, under
arrest, by wirtue of a warrant issued from the Registry of the said
Court, and no appearance has been entered in the said cause;—This is
to give notice, to all persons who have, or claim to have any RIGHT,
Title, or Interest in the said VESSEL that, if an appearance in the
said cause be not entered in the Registry of the said Court within six
days from the publication of this notice, the Judge of the said Court
will order the said vessel to be SOLD, to answer claims instituted or to
be instituted against the same, or make such order in the premises as
to him shall seem right. —Dated the 11th day of October, 1862.
H. C. ROTHERY, Registrar.
Taken out by Clarkson, Son, and Cooper, No. 25, Great
Carter-lane, Doctors-commons.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT of PROBATE.—To
the NEXT-OF-KIN and all other persons, having an interest
in the personal estate of WILLIAM NICHOLSON FALL, formerly
of Richmond, in the county of York, but late of Patrick Brompton, in
the same county, Esq., deceased.—Notice is hereby given to you, that a
CITATION has issued under seal of Her Majesty's Court of Probate,
dated the 2d October, 1852, at the instance of George Martin, the
acting executor of the Will of Isabella Dent, widow, deceased, citing
you within 30 days of the service of the said citation to cause an ap¬
pearance to be entered for you in the Principal Registry of the said
Court, and accept or refuse letters of administration of the rest of the
personal estate and effects of the said William Nicholson Fall, de¬
ceased (who died a widower and intestate on the 23th day of May, 1335),
or show cause why the same, limited to sell, assign, and transfer the
sun of £210 New Three per Cent. Annuities, part of the sum of
£235 5s. like Annuities, now standing in the name of the said deceased.
as survivor in a joint account with John Parkinson, in the books kept
at the Bank of England, and the dividends due, and to grow due
thereon, should not be granted to the said George Martin, with an
intimation that, in default of your appearing, accepting, and extract¬
ing the said letters of administration, the same under such or some
other limitations will be granted to the said George Martin.
CHAS. J. MIDDLETON, Registrar.
. R. E. Pownall, Proctor, 18, Bennet's-hill, Doctors'-commons.
LEEDS SMITHFIELD CLUB.—The THIRD
GREAT ANNUAL SHOW of FAT CATTLE, Sheep, Pigs,
Poultry, Pigeons, Roots, &c., will be held in the Smithfield Cattle¬
market, Leeds, on the 9th, 10th, and 11th December 1862.
Upwards of £300 and eight valuable silver cups will be awarded in
rizes.
Schedules of prizes and forms of entry may be had on application to
eemes
Hunslet-road, Sept. 12, 1862.
JOHN SWALES, Sec.
BERMONDSEY, ROTHERHITHE, and DEPT¬
FORD ROADS.—Notice is hereby given, that the TOLLS arising
at the several toll-gates or bars upon the above mentioned turnpike¬
roads, for 12 calendar months, viz, from 12 o'clock of the night of the
31st day of December next to 12 o'clock of the night of the 31st day of
December, 1863, will be LET by AUCTION, to the best bidder, at the
St. James's National School, opposite St. James's Church, in the Spa¬
road, Bermondsey, on Thursday, the 13th day of November next,
between the hours of 11 o'clock in the forenoon and 12 o'clock at noon,
in the manner directed by the Act passed in the third year of the reign
of His Maiesty King George the Fourth, "for regulating turnpike
roads," and subject to such conditions as shall be then declared; which
tolls produced in the last year, viz, from 1st January, 1862, to the 31st
December next, the sum of £6,760 above the expenses of collecting
them. Whoever happens to be the best bidder must at the same time
pay 1-12th of the rent at which such tolls may be let in advance, and
produce sufficient sureties to the satisfaction of the Trustees of the
said tummpike roads for payment of the rest of the rent monthly, clear
of all deductions, on such days as shall be named in the conditions.
The particulers of the tolls and the conditions under which they are to
be let may be seen at our offices, 151, Bermondsey-street, on any day
after the 30th day of October inst. And, further, notice is hereby also
cren, that the Trustees will meet on the same day, at the St. James's
National School as aforesaid, at 11 o'clock in the morning precisely, on
the general business of the Trust. — Dated this 6th day of October, 1862.
GEORGE DREW and GEORGE HENRY DREW,

the Trusters.
THE SURREY and SUSSEX ROADS.—Notice is
hereby given, that a General Meeting of the Trustees of
these roads will be held at the Sessions-house Newington, in the
county of Surray, on Wednesday the 3d day of December next, at 12
o'clock at noon precisely, when the TOLLS payable to the Trustees of
these roads at the several Toll-gates and Bars following—viz, the
Camberwell Gate, Kennington-common Gate, Harleyford Gate, South
Lambeth Gate, Stag Gate and Bar, Streathamn Gate, Figg's-marsh
Gate and Bars. Kingston Gate, Rose-hill Gate, Riddlesdown Gate,
Godstone Gate, Langham Gate and Two Side Bars, Blue Anchor Gate,
Fell-bridge Gate and Side Bar, Prince's Road Bar, Boundary-lane Bar,
Athany-road Bar, Addington-square Bar, St. Mark's-road Bar, Bath¬
street Bar, and Battersea New-road Bar, all in the said county of
Surrey, and East Grinstead Gate, in the county of Sussex, will be LET
on LEASE for the term of one year commencing at 12 o'clock
on ths night of the 21st day of December next, to the best
bidder, by auction, between the hours of 12 and 2, in the
manner directed by the Act passed in the third year of the reign of
King George IV., "For Regulating Turuplke Roads, which tolls realized
for one year, cuding the 31st day of December next, the sum of
£23,790, ever and above the expense of collecting the same: and the
said tolls will be put up at such sum as the Trustees shall deter¬
mine upon, and subject to such conditions as shall be then stated.
Whoever happens to be the best bidder muist at the same time pay
down into the Treasurer's hands one month's rent in advance; the
like sum on or before the 1st day of February following; and the like
sum on or before the 1st day of each succeeding mostkuntil, the end
of the said term; and give security to the satisfaction of the Trustees of
the said roads for the payment of the rent which shall then be agreed
upon, at the times before stated, and enter into an agreement for
taking a lease of the said tolls, upon the terms and conditions above
mentioned. The draft of the lease may be seen, and further particur
lars known, by applying at the Clerk's office. Notice is hereby also
given, that the same meeting will proceed to elect Trustees in the room
of those whn are dead, removed, or refuse to act; and on the general
business of the Trust.	W. SENHOUSE GAITSKELL, Clerk.
No. 80, York-road, Lambeth, October 13, 1862.
The chair will be taken at 12 o'clock precisely. By order of the Trus¬
feca the watering toll of this trust has been discontine.
