NOTICE.—If Mr. JOHN ALLEN CAMPBELL
47, Hanover-street, Kingston, Jamaica, he
will HEAR of SOMETHING to his BENEFIET.
ISSING, since the 12th of this month, from his
lodging in Dalston-lane, Hackney, a GENTLEMAN answering
the following description:—Age 47, height 6ft., very thin, complexion
sallow, hair dark gray, short and scanty, eyes dark brown; dress—black
dress coat, waistcoat, and trousers, black hat, black necktie, side-spring
boots, linen marked "W. H." At times eccentric in his ways. Who¬
ever will give information at the Hack.
Police Station, leading to his
recovery, shall receive FIVE POUNDS REWARD
MISSING, on Saturday last, July 22d, from Privett,
near Petersfield, WILLIAM ANDREWS: 47 years of age,
height six feet, light hair, and fforid complexion. He had on w loose,
gray jacket, dark waistcoat buttoned to the throat, light drab trouser
of a worsted cord, laced boots, a black tie, and a black, round hat. He
had his pockethook with him, and a letter containing his address, a
£5 Bank of England note, with some gold and silver. Should any one
have seen or heard of William Andrews, immediate information is re¬
sted to be sent to Mrs. Andrews, Money's Farm, Privett, near

INDIAIEOEFE , a t ,
LLIAM FALLOWFIELD and MARGARET
FALLOWFIELD children of the late William Fallowfield, a
surgeon on the Madras Establishment (who died in India in the month
ust, 1819), or their legal representatives, are requested to COM¬
MUNICATE with the Official Agent to the Administrators-General of
India, India-office, Westminster.
BRADLEY.—INFORMATION WANTED.
B. B., left England in the ship Alipore, for Australia about
1852. FIVE POUNDS REWARD offered for certificate of death.
Address to Zeta, 1a, Holland-park, Notting-hill, London.
OUBLIN INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION.—
Fairplay is a Jewel.—Great disappointment having arlsen from
the exclusion of many intending exhibitors, a manufacturer, who is one
of these, would be glad to communicate confidentially with any parties
similarly circumstanced, or who have been in any way unfairly dealt
with at this or other exhibitions, with a view to making a general and
effective complaint. Address Box A 37, post office, Leeds
GERMAN HOSPITAL, Dalston.—The Committee
of this Institution beg to express their best THANKS to the
anonymous donors who so liberally contributed towards the collection
made after the very impressive sermon kindly preached on Sunday,
the 9th inst., by the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Oxford, at St.
John's Church, Hackney, which had been kindly placed at their dis¬
posal by the Rev. Mr. Goodchild for that occasion. The collection
amounted to £138 1s.
A. WALBAUM, D.D., Hon. Sec.
ROYAL FREE HOSPITAL, Gray's-inn-road.—The
Weekly Board beg thankfully to ACKNOWLEDGE the RE¬
CEIPT of a BANK of ENGLAND NOTE for £5, No. 10,871, 12th
November, 1862, found with other money in the donation boxes at the
gates of the Hospital.
LOST.—LEFT in a Hansom CAB, No. 1, which took
es
bover-street, Piccadilly.
on the evening of the 4th of July, a GREEN LEATHER DRESSING
BAG, with the initials R. S. F.P. in gonen

to 48, Dover-street, shall receive THREE POUNDS REWARD.
LOST.—LEFT in a hansom CAB, which took a gen¬
tleman from George-street, Cumberland-street, to the botton
of the Haymarket, on Thursday afternoon, the 27th inst., a BLUE
NETTED SILK PURSE, containing six or seven sovereigns. Any
person returning the same to Mr. Kennedy stationer Upper Berke¬
ley-street, Portman-square, shall receive a SOVEREIGN REWARD
LOST, on Tuesday, the 25th instant, between 1 and
2 o'clock, either at the Soho Bazaar, or in Oxford-street, a
STRIPED BROWN LEATHER PURSE, containing a £10 note and
some gold and silver, and a gilt aluminium pencil-case. Whoever will
the same to Booth's library, 307, Regent-street, shall receive the
TWO POUNDS REWARD
LEFT, on a cushion of a first class carriage in express
train, leaving Birmingham for Paddington at 7.30 on Monday
evening, 17th July, FOUR RINGS. The finder is requested to com¬
municate with A. B., post-office, Chichester, and will be handsemely
REWARDED upon restoring them

Hyde-park, on Thursday, the 20th
instant—a small Black and Tan Terrier Bitch,
culiarly
spotted with white on the back. Answers to the name of "Fiddie."
Had on a leather collar, wit
bell. If broug
to
r.
ge,
No. 65, South Molton-Street, W., the finder will b e.
EDED.
EW .
UMBRELLA LOST, on Wednesday evening, 26th
inst, from a carriage, on its way from Upper Westbourne-ter¬
race, Westbourne-grove, Shepherd's-bush, to Turnham-green—a brown
silk, straight handle, and small piece of silver mount. TEN SHIL¬
LINGS REWARD.—T. W. Key, news agent, 18, Westbourne-place,
Paddington, W.
ONE POUND REWARD.—If the CABMAN who
drove a lady to 2, Harriet-street, Lowndes-square, on Wednes¬
day, will RETURN the PURSE, with its contents, left in his cab, to
that address, he shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Whit-Sun¬
C
day, between Kennington-green and Brixton-rise, a SMALL
HYMN BOOK, entitled "Hymns for the Little Flock," bearing the
name and address of owner in full, with an inscription. Whoever
brings the same to Mr. Fenton, post office, Brixton-road, shall receire

TO CABMEN.—LEFT in a CAB that took a gentle¬
Queen Anne-street one evening about the end of June, a
RED VELVET CASE, containing a fan. Any one returning the

Mr. Collier, 209, Sloane-street, Knightsbridge, will be
REWARDED.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—STRAYED, on Mon¬
day, the 24th inst., from Oxford-square, a WHITE MALTESE
DOG, with red mark under the right eye and on the back; answers to
the name of "Mopsey'. Information to Mr. Hollis, Albion-place, Hyde¬
park. No more will be offered.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 22d
July, either at Charing-cross Station or between said station anc
No. 25, Chapel-street, Park-lane, W., a small, square BLACK BONNET¬
BOX, containing a variety of ladies dress articles. Whoever returns
the same to 25, Chapel-street, Park-lane, W., shall receive the above
HE HUNDRED and FIFTY POUNDS RE¬
WARD.—Public Caution—LOST or STOLEN on Wedne


te the undermentioned BANK of ENGLAND NOTES:—
3Jan. 12, 1865, £3
94255 May 8, 1865, £20

pril
May 3, 1865,
S
May 8, 1865,
20
30513.
The attention of money cha.
 and others is hereby directed.
The
above reward will be paid o n recove o of
enotes if lost or,
stolen,on
apprehension and conviction of the e th lie
mea
the property,
or in proportion to the amount recovered. Information to be given to

City Police Detective C
e, 26, Old Jewry, E.C.
N.B.
th above reward w
be iei e ete
expiration o f o ne

is date. —July 28, 1865.
FOUNDE
N e
SR S E , t.
te King
Arms Hotel,
High-street, Kensington. The
wer can obtain it upon de¬
scribing its oo.
ents and paying expenses.
FOUND, in Birdcage-walk, a PURSE, containing
money. The owner may obtain the same after describing it and
paying the expense of the advertisement. Apply to Mr. Arnold,
No. 109, Jermyn-street, St. Jan
nes's.
FOUND, at a metropolitan station, on July 19, a
PURSE, containing money. The owner can have it on stating
particulars and paying expenses by application to A. Square, 77, Sanvey¬
gate, Leicester.
FOUND, on the 14th inst., BLACK and TAN
TERRIER (female); name on collar, "J. Green." The owner
can have it by applying at 40, St. Augustine-road, Camden-town.
N.B. If not claimed within seven days, will be sold
AT the COUNCIL CHAMBER, Whitehall, the
24th day of July, 1865, by the Lords of Her Majesty's Most
Honourable Privy
ancil.
Present—Lord President, Sir GEORGE GREY, Bart., Mr. MILNER
GIBSON.
Whereas by an Act passed in the Session of the 11th and 12th years of
Her present Majesty.
reign, intituled "An Act to prevent until the 1st.
day of September, 1850, and to the end of the then next Session of Parlis¬
ment, the spreading of contagious or infectious disorders among sheep,
cattle, and other animals," and which has since been from time to time
continued by divers subsequent Acts, it is (amongst other things) enacted
that it shall be lawful for the Lords and others of Her Majesty's Prive
Council, or any two or more of them, from time to time to make such
orders and regulations as to them may seem necessary for the purpose
of prohibiting or regulating the removal to or from such parts or places
as they may designate in such order or orders, of sheep, cattle, horses,
swine, or other animals, or of meat, skins, hides, horns, hoofs, or other
part of any animals, or of hay, straw, fodder, or other articles likely to
propagate infection: and also for the purpose of purifying any yard,
stable, outhouse, or other place, or any waggons, carts, carriages, or other
vehicles; and also for the purpose of directing how any animals dying
in a diseased state, or any animals, parts of animals, or other things
scized under the provisions of this Act are to be disposed of; and also
for the purpose of causing notices to be given of the appearance of any
disorder among sheep, cattle, or other animals, and to make any other
orders or regulations for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of
the said Act, and again to revoke, alter, or vary any such orders or re¬
gulations; and that all provisions for any of the purposes aforesaid in
any such order or orders contained shall have the like force and effect
as if the same had been inserted in the said Act; and that all persons
offending against the said Act shall for each and every offence forfeit
and pay any sum not exceeding £20, or such smaller sum as the said
Lords or others of Her Majesty's Privy Council may in any such case
by such order direct.
And whereas a contagious or infectious disorder, of which the nature
is at present uncertain, has lately appeared, and now prevails among
cattle within the metropolis and in the neighbourhood thereof, and it
is expedient to take measures for preventing such disorder from

Now, therefore, the Lords of Her Majesty's Privy Council do hereby,
by virtue and in exercise of the powers given by the said recited Act,
and by t
several Acts continuing the same as aforesaid, order as
follows:

the date of the publication of this order in the London Gazette

heifer, bull, bullock, or ox labou.
gunder any
contagious or infectious disorder in the possession or custody of any
cowkeeper, dairyman, or dairywoman, or of any milkman, or milk¬
woman, or vendor or purveyor of milk, or of any dealer in cattle what¬
soever within the city of London or within the limits of the metro¬
politan police district, or if at any time hereafter, while this pre¬
sent order shall continue in force and unrevoked, any cow, heifer,
bull, bullock, or ox, being in the possession or custody of any
such person as aforesaid within the said city of London or within the
metropolitan police district, shall be seized or attacked with, or be found
labouring or sufering under any such contagious or infectious disorder,
notice of the existence of such disorder, or of the first appearance of
such disorder in or among the cattle belonging to or in the custody of
any such person as aforesaid, shall immediately thereupon be given
by the person in whose possession or custody such diseased ammals or
animal shall be, to the Clerk of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy
Council in waiting at the office of Her Majesty's Privy Council at
Whitehall, in the county of Middlesex; and it shall be lawful for the
said Clerk of Her Majesty's Privy Council, and for all such persons as he
shall by writing under his hand authorize in that behalf, thereupon,
and at all reasonable times thereafter, to inspect and exa aine all or any
such diseased animals or animal, and to report to the Lords of Her
Majesty's Privy Council all such information and particulars as to
the nature or character of such disorder as may seem to him expedient
for the purpose of enabling proper regulations to be made for prevent¬
ing or checking the further propagation and increase of such disorder.
2. Every person offending against this order, and omitting to give
such notice or to permit such inspection and examination as aforesaid
shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not exceeding £20, which
the Justices before whom he or she shall be convicted of such offence
may think fit to impose.	(Signed). EDMUND HARRISON.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 273.—
No. 2, Scarbro-villas, Bedford-park, Croydon, Surrey.—In
the matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is
hereby given, that on the application of ARTHUR BURROWS, of
Lincoln's-inn, in the county of Midilesex, Esq., barrister-at-law, the
Registrar of the Office of Land Registry intends, at the expiration of
three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an
indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS called No. 2, Scar¬
bro-villas, Bedford-park, in the parish of Croydon, in the county
of Surrey, consisting of a messuage and garden, the site whereof con¬
tains one acre or thereabout, in the occupation of Arthur Burrows,
Esq., delineated on the map No. 273, deposited in the Office of Land
Registry, as part of the description of the same hereditaments, and
therein edged with red, together with the mines and minerals under
the same, and also the rent charge in lieu of rectorial tithes, issuing or
payable out, or in respect of, the same hereditaments. If any person
objects to, or desires to show cause against such registration, or claims
that the same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or
that any particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not
already proved or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on
the register with reference to such hereditaments, such person may be
heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at
any time before the expiration of the said three calendar months from
the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit
or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause against, or to
make such claim in respect of such registration. But any person desir¬
ing to make such objection or claim must lodse the same in writing,
stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and addre.
thereto,
in the Office of Land Registry before the expiration of the said three
ca
dar mouths from the date hereof, otherwise he will be excluded

n the same. The said map o f e


d
No e a nin
te e t e

thie at an t

boe t ion of the

months from the date hereof. —Dated this 29
day of July, 1865.

i.
UNT. Chief Clerk.
A ATAHRUE S I
ROWS, Applicant in person.
N A A M.
RTIN's BLACKING MANUFAC¬
TORY.—A report having been circulated
tat at the above firm is
about to transfer their business into a Joint-Stock Limited Liability
Company, the proprietors desire to give public notice that there is
not the slightest foundation for any such eeee.
DAY and MARTIN,
No. 97, High Holborn, London, July, 1865.
