NINTH.—Would it be safe to da so? Great caution
requisite.—Y.
IF the GENTLEMAN who (on the 1st of February
last) CALLED on Mrs. Stonhill, of Leighton Buzzard, for informa¬
tion respecting the RELATIONS of MARY CARNOCHEN, late of
Blandford, Dorsetshire will apply to Mrs. Cooper, 39A, Arlington¬
street, Camden-town, N.W., he will receive every information on that
subject.
MATERFAMILIAS. —Will the LADY who SENT

night Meeting Movement, giving



Colonel over st.
a  o age, e e ned
subject.
NISH FUR¬


both sympathy
d aid at once, and steps be taken to place the true
facts of the case before the Christian public. Address T. Smith,
No. 27, Red Lion-square, W.C.

LOST, on the 9th inst., in Oxford-street, Manchester,
a GOLD WATCH. TEN POUNDS REWARD will be given
to anyone restoring it. Address C. W., post office, Manche
LOST, on the 15th inst., between the hours of 3 and
 PURSE, containing a £5 note, &c. A REWARD of
ONE POUND will be given if the purse and contents are left at
Messrs. Rastall's, Ebury-street, S.W
LOST, on the 2d inst., at the Goldsmiths' Ball, a
small GOLD BROOCH, with precious stones, in the shape of a
fiat basket. A REWARD will be given if left at the Goldsmiths'-hall,
or at Mr. Taaffe's, news agent, 128 Crawford-street, Portman-sq., W.
LOST, on Tuesday last, in Stanhope-street, Hyde¬
park-gardens, or in Westbourne-park Villas, a SILVER SHAWL
BROOCH, enamelled in dark blue; design—a cross, within a scroll, in


Villas, W., shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
LOST, on the 14th inst., between Roehampton and
Southfields, Wandsworth, a thin GOLD PENCIL-CASE (one of
Mordan's make); it has a shield top, with a white carnelian stone, but
Tessmee
street, Wandsworth, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS

REWARD.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 16th, a
BLACK and TAN TERRIER DOG, near the Regent's-park.
Whoever will bring the same to 15, Upper Albany-street, will receive
the above reward. No further reward will be offered
ONE POUND REWARD, if brought to 41, Rut¬
Thursday evening, in Eaton-place, a large
DARK RED RUSSIAN DOG, hair long and mixed with gray, about
four years old
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 16th,
a BLACK and TAN TERRIER DO, with white streak on
chest, in the neighbourhood of Regent's-park. Whoever has found
and will bring the same to 15, Upper Albany-street, Regent's-park, will
receive the above reward. No further reward will be given
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST on the 15th
inst, at Stockwell, a WHITE POMERANIAN DOG, with
collar and a name and address upon it. Any person bringing the same
to 15, Studley-road, shall receive the above reward. No further reward
will be offered.
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Tues¬
between Brighton Railway and the General Post-office.
a small BUNCH of KEYS. Apply to Mr. Bulmer, hatter, 10, Foster¬
lane, Cheapsin.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST (supposed
to have been
ab taken from London-bridge, at 3.30 p.m.
on Saturday last), a BLACK BAG. Whoever will bring the same, with
its contents, to Lindsay's Quadrant Hotel, on Saturday afternoon, will
receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD. —DOG LOST, in
Hyde-park, between half-past 3 and 4 o'clo
Wednesday, 16th 
in the afternoon, a small SCOTCH MALTESE TERRIER with sandy
hair, answers to the name of "Bee." Had on a collar, with the name
and address of the owner. Whoever will bring it to the said address
shall receive the above reward. No further reward will be offered.
BRACELET FOUND, on Friday, 11th inst. On
a description of it and place of loss being addressed to the House¬
keeper, 36, Lincoln's-inn-fields, and the cost of this advertisement being
paid, it will be returned.
IF Mr. ALEXANDER
urgeon
NITH, some time
in the Bengal Establichment,

I. C.S., will COMMUNICATE his
 ADDRESS to Messrs. Price and o

caine nehe
hure
WEl He
of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE.
BANK of ENGLAND.—U ,
aee e Dividend.—
Application havin
tat to the Governon.
caeenn

direct th
England


£2,057 15s. 4d. Consolidated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore
standing in the name of WILLIAM CLIFT, of Castle-street, Leices¬

se
dividend was paid overt
the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in conse¬
quer
of its having remained unclaimed since the 5th of July. 1849,—
Notice
is hereby given that, on the expiration of three mouths fro
this.
te, the said Dividend will be paid to Caroline Ameha Owen, wife
of Bichard Owen, the administratrix, who has claimed the same, unless
some other ciammants
soonera
make out
aan
claim thereto.
BANK of EN
SLAND.—UI 
laed Stock.—
Application havil

tn  of
oe t h e
Englan

e Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £19 0s. 11d. Reduoed
Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of
LOUISA HA

bury-street, Pimlico, spinster, and £38 1s. 11d.
like Annuities, her
ore standing in

o LOUISA
HALL, of Twickenham, Middlesex, spinster, and which were trans¬

to the said Commissioners in cons
uence of the dividends
thereon having remained unclaimed on and from the 5th April, 1831,
and 10th October, 1831, respectively—Notice is hereby given, that, on
the expiration of three months from this date the said Etocks will be
Transferrad, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to Louisa
ite of
Samuel Prout Hill, of Hoe
a forn


Louisa Hall, spinster,) who has claimed the same, unless some other
claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND. — Unclaimed Dividend.—Ap¬
plication


.
Tt tot e  
a tai to direct the e ae
adend on the sum of
£2.374 8s. 4d., Consolidated 3 per
Lities, heret.
t,
standin
f
thee nemes
N .

HOE .
IOCHARO
S CHARIAH MUEL.
 THOMAS HILLERSDEN


OPHER HARRIS, and JOSIAS HAYN
DAWE, all of Py¬
mouth, bankers, and
iochn d ividend wis paid over to the Commis¬
sioners for th

National Debt, in oo¬

tae ained unclaimed
tie the 5th July, 1849 ; —Notice is

on the expiration of three months from this date,

t
said Harry Bue Harris
tt aid to 
Thomas Hillersden Bulteel, Christopher Harris, and Josias Hayne
Dawe, who have claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
sooner appear and made out his claim thereto.
NOTICE.
—French, No. 9, R o y .
chang.
late
of No. 80. Cornhill, wr.

maker: este¬
blished A.D. 1810.—In Chaar


I NE
rus; French v. l ne.
NC ha 

ONCTIONS to
estrain the above persons from fraudulently imitating, mak

ing, on
exporting watches, movements, o

marked with the
words,
enaess
French, Royal Ex¬
tLondon
change," or "French, London." French begs to cautt
the pub ie.
against purchasinge
teste clocks, or chronometers bearin su e
names or trade marks, except at the plac
ba ae business named above, or
purchasing foreign watches fraudulently representing
nglish make,
and bearing forged a a ean
9, Royal Exchange, is th
Naly piaen.
of buelness of French, late of

tand 80, Cornhill,
aen non is in no way connected with the City
Neervatory, 62, Cornh.
s
vertised for sale.
NOTICE to CONESESEIE E
SE S A S I N .
APORE.—
Pe PO
Seventy-two bale
GE, marked Bn o
nond, shipped
by M. Moss, and consigned to order ex ship Burmab, Captain
bris,
from Singapore, reported 18th June, 1859. If not claimed by the 25th
inst., will be SOLD to pay freight
and charges.—Toulmin, Livingston,
Co., No. 31, Great St. Helen's, Bishopg.
e-street
and
CARTER, May
 COURT of MAYOR and ALDERMEN, held
in the Inner Chamber of the Guildhall of the City of London, on
Tuesday, the 15th day of May, 1860, and in the 23d year of the reign of
Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
Queen, &c.
Persons admitted to act as BROKERS within the City of London
and its Liberties, this day, viz.:—
Names.
Residences.
Charles Fryer
13, Little Tower-street.
John Nicholl0
2, St. Dunstan's-hill.
WOODTHORPE.
DR. BACHHOFFNER, F.C.S., will LECTURE
THIS EVENING, at the Royal Colosseum, Subject, "How
We See. What We See, and What We Think We See," with numerous
brillant experiments and Illustrations.
ORATIONS by MASON JONES, the last of the
series, To-morrow Morning, May 19, at Willis's Rooms. —Sub¬
ject, "Dean Swift, his Biographers and Critics." Commencing at 3
o'clock. Reserved seats, 5s.; unreserved seats, 2s. 6d. To be ob¬
tained at Mr. Mitchell's Royal Library, 33, Old Bond-street, and at the
BAREY.—FAREWELL SERIES of EIGHT
LECTURES, at the Royal Alhambra Palace, by J. S. RAREY.
upon his SYSTEM of SUBDUING WILD and VICIOUS HORSES,
which will positively be the last in London previous to his final re¬
tirement. It would seem almost unnecessary to enlarge upon the
merits of Mr. Rarey's system, his reputation having been fully esta¬
blished, and his system receiving the unqualified approval of the
Crowned Heads of Europe, the nobility, clergy, gentry, press, and
public. At St. James's-hall, Wednesday, May 16th, at a meeting pre¬
sided over by the Lord Bishop of Lichfield, Mr. Rarey had the honour
of being presented with a magnificent gold medal by the Royal Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, as a testimonial in favour of
his system, its kindness and humanity to the horse. In Mr. Rarey's
public exhibitions there is no prepared show, no display of tricks, but,
on the contrary, it is a genuine demonstration of the triumph of intel¬
lect over brute force. The entirely untrained horse, in his wild and
most savage state, is brought befere the public without any preliminary
preparation, not even the operator knowing what the character of his
subject will be until brought before him, thus imparting the greatest
interest and originality to each performance, by putting to the severest
test the judgment and skill of the operator. In the Lecture he will
relate his experience with some of the most notorious horses that he
has yet handled, giving a description of how he tamed Cruiser: he will
also give an explanation of his former treatment, and i ts effect upon
his character, in comparison with the process adopted by him, plainly
showing why he was then savage and now tame, and how the same re¬
sult may be produced upon any horse of like character. Mr. Rarey will
also give a description of the physical and mental nature of the horse
contrasting the brutal and inhuman system of "breaking," hitherto.
in vogue, with his own more gentle, persuasive, and intelligent method
of teaching gentle, because brute force is utterly ignored; persuasive,
because the horse's reason is appealed to ; and intelligent, because the
intellect is cultivated, and thereby expanded, giving to the horse
increased capacity to understand and enter into the feelings of his
ster—man. To which appeal tife
atn
tn y made) we have
ample evidence to prove that the horse will respond: for, when once
his affection is gained, he remains your firm friend and faithful ser¬
vant. No efforts have been spared to make these (the final Lectures of
Mr. Rarey in London), the most interesting of any he has ever given.
Some of the most vicious horses in England have been secured, many
of which have a reputati n for ungovernable propensities equal to that
of Cruiser before his subjugation. To place it within the means of all
to witness these demonstrations, the prices of admittance will be at
the following reduced rates:—First class (secured seats), 10s.; second,
5s.; third, 2s. 6d. each lecture. The series will commence on Monday,
May 21, at 8 p.m.; continuing on Tuesday, May 22, at 2 and 8 p.m.; on
Wednesday, May 23, at 8 p.m. on Thursday, May 24, at 8 p.m.; on
Friday, May 25, at 8 p.m.; and on Saturday, May 26, at 2 and 8 p.m.
Seats can be secured and tickets taken at Mitchell's, Royal library,
No. 33, Old Bond-street and at the Alhambra Palace
NOTICE.—Mr. CREMER, 27, New Bond-street,
begs respectfully to acquaint the nobility and gentry who honour
him with their patronage, that the above is the only establishment of
which he is proprietor or with which he has any connexion now that the
German Fair is closed.—27, New Bond-street.
THE MAGIC SAILOR.—Roars of laughter at this

using figure, 10 inches high, which will, when placed on the
round, immediately commence dancing in
erfect time to any
Nae,
astonishing all present, and defying detection. Figure and full ir
structions sent free o e
pt of 5s. in sta p
Direct RD. MILLER,

Srompton, S.W.

ST TEUR THEATE
SE N E.
Boe es Bals.
Levées, and Drawing Rooms.—
ththe oost magnificent court dress
tieit s , sw,
buckles,

and military uni¬
forms to be had o n h ir.



cele¬

tumiers, 4, Tavistock-street. Covent.

ortable theatres for amateur the

an  n n sized.
boom or public hall, to be had on hire
W.
S.S
LLY, price 21s.; also croquet, summer
ice, and an immense variet y e
sements, both Engli

foreign, may be seen at the EUROPEAN TOY WAREHOUSE, 210,


loon is arranged for
t exclurive sale of
gam
N.B. Very superior entertainments
 tes and evening
parties.
CARD.—To Army and Navy Officers of the Senior
Grades, Patro.
o e
ar ts blending the geatler sex
thereof, and others of accordant godt and independenn¬
A semi¬
retired minor member of the former arm (cavalry), who has had de¬
tised to
some PICTORIAL OBJECT 
the ho

ien tone over 20 years), that his presenet e e e,


se es t ab le h to r e lea
tst.
at least
timeliness for

nent of current fashionable season, to make
1.

ISPOSAL OF, is led to this unresen,
tageous
state.

atesesse
teither
ne one of his martial
brethren, or lady, as may be, of philanthropic wont to the rescue,

ply
be yee  o ut need of risk the slightest, to confer
Im¬


and ind
on "Incognitus." e.
 s.
library, Slonne-sque.

CHEAP STOCKHARDT's CHYMICAL APPA¬
RATUS, forming a working laboratory of sufficient size for analy¬
tical or amusing expersments. Packed, 26s. 6d.; smaller, 17s. From
JACKSON and TOWNSON, 89, Bishopsgate within, E.C. General
illustrated price lirts free on application by letter.
