FLEETWOOD, July 27th.—I shall be in London on
Saturdays. Write if you wish to see me.
to DECAMERON.—A thousand thanks for
letter. Pray let me see you. It seems so long since, and I
have much spare time now. Debts paid by business. The sum named
of the greatest consequence by the 11th inst.
MR. PLATER.—If this should MEET the EYE of
THOMAS GEORGE or HENRY PLATER, sons of Thomas
Plater, their brother William would be very glad to hear from them.
Apply at 39, Upper Rosoman-Street, Clerkenwell
CARLY.—If JOHN EARLY, the son of William
Early, deceased, who was the son of John Early, of Newland.
Oxon, blanket manufacturer, deceased, will COMMUNICATE with the
undersigned he will HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE,
or any person giving such information as will lead to the discovery of
the said John Early, or proof of his death of dead), shall receive
£5 Reward.—N. GRAHAM RAVENOR, Solicitor Witney, Oxon,
LOST, on Thursday night, 2d August, a GOLD
TURQUOISE EARRING, Grecian pattern, Supposed to have
been dropped in a cab between Cremorne and 48, Cumberland-street,
Pimlico. Whoever will bring the same to the above address shall re¬
ceive ONE POUND REWARD.
LEFT in a CAB, at London-bridge to Euston Sta¬
tion, on Friday, 27th July, a FIELD-GLASS. Any one taking
it to Sergeant W. Palmer, Detective office, Scotland-yard, shall receive
TWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in Kensing¬
ton-gardens, on Friday, August 3, a SMALL FAWN-COLOURED
SKYE TERRIER BITCH. The above reward will be paid to any one
taking the same to 24, Princes-square, Bayswater.
MONEY LOST. —LEFT in a Hansom CAB, on
Thursday afternoon, the 2d inst., a small CANVASS BAG,
containing £10—say £10 in silver and £30 in half-sovereigns. Who¬
ever brings the money to the owner, at 64, Queen-Street, Cheapside,
shall be liberally REWARDED. The cab was taken from Queen¬
street to London and Brighton Railway Station, London-bridge.
DOG LOST.—TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST,
on Thursday afternoon, near Hyde-park-square, a very small
SANDY-COLOURED SKYE TERRIER DOG, with dark brown ears
funcut). Had on a steel chain collar, with name and address (General
Post-office, London). Whoever will bring the same to 10, Albion-street,
Hyde-park, within a week, shall receive the above reward. No further
reward will be offered.
DOG FOUND, from the neighbourhood of. Exhibi¬
tion-road, 25th July—a Sky Terrier, apparently a young dog and
valuable. Refer to Mr. Calder, Bathurst-street, Hyde-park, giving par¬
ticulars and paying expenses.
NOTICE.— WILLIAM HARRIS, blacksmith,
who worked for John Williams, Batchcott, in the parish of
Richard's Castle, about eight years ago, and who married a daughter
of Elizabeth Yapp's, of the said parish, will apply at the office of L. L.
Clark, Esq., solicitor, Ludlow, he will HEAR of SOMETHING to his
ADVANTAGE.
IMPORTANT.—ADVERTISEMENTS WANTED
—an English newspaper, containing the advertisement by Wil¬
liam Jennens for his brother Robert, after his father's death in
March, 17256 ; or any old papers with intelligence of this said Robert
Jennens till 1745, during the time he was abroad in Holland, where he
married a Dutch lady, about 1740. He was a General in Prince Charles
Edward's Army during the Rebellion of 1745-6; he escaped the
slaughter of Culloden. Also a paper containing the advertisement for
his wife and daughter when they came in search of him, about 1750,
to England. Parties having got the above papers in their posses
if disposed to produce or sell them are requested to address R. W.
Read, Prospect-rilla. Dodworth-road, Barnsley, Yorkshire.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the payment of three dividends on the sum of
£550 19s. 3d. Consolidated Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore stand¬
ining in the name of ROBERT DAVIDSON BURN, of Morpeth,
Northumberland, shoemaker, and which dividends were paid over to
the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in conse¬
quence of the first thereof having remained unclaimed since the 5th
July, 1856 ; Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three
months from this date, the said Dividends will be paid to Robert
Davidson Burn, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.— Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of
England to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Re¬
duction of the National Debt of the sum of £226 4s. 6d. Consolidated
Three per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
HENRY EDWARD JOHN HOWARD, D.D., Dean of Lichfield,
and Rev. GEORGE HODSON, of the Close, Cathedral Church of Lich¬
field, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in conse¬
quence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since
the 5th January, 1856;—Notice is hereby given that, on the expiration
of three months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred,
and the Dividends thereon paid, to Henry Edward John Howard, D.D.,
the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant
shall soon appear and make out his claim thereto.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, &c.—A REGISTER
of all persons advertised for since 1749, 2s., post free 25 stamps.
HARRIS, DOUGAL, and Co., 106, (Cheapside. Unclaimed dividends,
Treasury, Chancery, foreign stocks and records, railway and other
pensation claims adjusted.
NOTICE of SALE.—To ATKINSON WILKINS,
late of the Rectory, Stoke next-Guildford. The London and
South-Western Railway Company hereby give notice, that unless the
ESPARTO FIBRE left at their Guildford Station in March, 1864, be
REMOVED forthwith and the CHARGES thereon PAID, the same
will be SOLD at the expiration of seven days from this date. The un¬
dersigned requests Mr. Wilkins' present address. —Dated this 6th
August, 1866.
E. L. CROMBIE, Law Clerk's office, Waterloo-bridge Statio
INTIMATION is hereby given, that a PROCESS of
MULTIPLEPOINDING and EXONERATION has been insti¬
tuted before the Lords of Council and Session (Lord Jerviswoode, Or¬
dinary), by Thomas Stokes, of Hean Castle, in Pembrokeshire, and
John Scott, of Rodono, in Selkirkshire, W. S., surviving assumed trus¬
tees, acting under the contract of marriage, dated the 29th day of
March, 1863, entered into between the now deceased John Charles
Collins, of Swansea, South Wales, surgeon, and the also deceased
Elizabeth Macfarqubar, afterwards Collins, therein designed third law¬
ful daughter of the deceased Colin Macfarquhar, printer in Edinburgh,
real raisers and pursuers, against Captain Colin Macfarqubar, Collins,
of Her Majesty's Bengal Army, presently residing at Mussooree,
Himalaya, in the East Indies, Mrs. Elizabeth Collins or Woodruffe, re¬
siding at No. 50, Pembridge-villas, Bayswater, London, wife of John
Woodruffe, sometime clerk in the Bank of England, and residing at
No. 50 Pembridge-villas aforesaid, and the said John Woodruffe, as
administrator-in-law for his said wife, and for all right or interest he
may have in the premises, and Frederick Waterloo Collins, residing
furth of Scotland the said Colin Macfarquhar Collins, Elizabeth Collins
or Woodruffe, and Frederick Waterloo Collins, being the only children
of the marriage between the said John Charles Collins and Elizabeth
Macfarquhar Collins, who are known or supposed to be in life, defen¬
ders; for the purpose of having the TRUST FUNDS constituted by
the said contract of marriage DIVIDED among and PAID to the
CHILDREN of the said JOHN CHARLES COLLINS and ELIZA¬
BETH MACFARQUHAR or COLLINS, and the pursuers exonered
of the said trust; and that the Lord Ordinary has, by Interlocutor,
dated 20th July, 1866, appoinsed intimation of the dependence of the
Process to be made three times in each of The Times newspaper and
North British Advertiser.
SCOTT, MONCRIEFF, and DALGETY, W.S.
ee¬
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 234.—
Hill-lodge, Romford, Essex.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th
and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on the applica¬
tion of WILLIAM SMITH HORRY, of 19, Bishopsgate-street within,
in the city of London, steamship broker, the Registrar of the Office
of Land Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar months
from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE
the HEREDITAMENTS called or known as Hill-lodge, with the
land thereto adjoining, in the parish of Romford, in the county of
Essex, containing 1s. 0r. 24p., or thereabout, in hand, bounded by the
Great Eastern Railway on the north, and Victoria-road on the south,
and delineated on the map No. 234, deposited in the Office of
Land Registry as part of the description of the same hereditaments,
and thereon edged with red, together with the mines and minerals
under the same. If any person objects to, or desires to show cause
against, such registration, or claims that the same should be subject
to any conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or
encumbrance charge or liability, not already proved or admitted
before the Registrar, should be entered on the register with refe¬
rence to such hereditaments, such person may be heard at the Office
of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before the
expiration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof,
personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise,
to make such objection to or to show cause against, or to make such
claim in respect of, such registration. But any person desiring to make
such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the par¬
ticulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the Office of
Land Registry, before the expiration of the said three calendar months
from the date hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from making the
same. The said map of the said hereditaments deposited in the Office
of Land Registry may be inspected at the said office at any time
before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof.—Dated this 6th day of August, 1866.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
W. SMITH HORRY Applicant in person.
NOTICE.—In consequence of numerous mistakes and
inquiries, PETER ROBINSON begs to inform his customers and
the public that for the future his MOURNING BUSINESS will be
conducted at the premises but recently completed—viz, 256, 258, 260,
262, Regent-street, and not, as formerly, at his coloured establishment,
Nos. 103 to 108, Oxford-street, W.
BATH NEUENAHR, the celebrated new spa, one
hour from the Rhine, between Cologne and Coblenz, possessed of
the finest alkaline, mild dissolving, but at the same time of strengthen¬
ing properties, and richer in carbonic acid than either Ems or Vichy.
Temperature 80 to 104 Fhrt. The waters are pecularly beneficial in
diseases of the mucous membrane, especially in chronic catarrh of the
larynx, of the bronchia, and of the stomach, also for gout and rheuma¬
tism. The Kurhotel (where are also the telegraph and post stations) is
combined with the bathing houses. The Hotel Garni Marinsprudel is
situate near the springs and Kurgaarden. For climate and position
Nenenahr has a decided advantage over the other spas on the Rhine,
The pamphict by the late Professor Miller, in Edinburgh, will give
further information. English Divine Service in the Kurhotel. Visitors
may safely come to Neuenahr, which is a secluded spot, and one far
tinent from the possibility of war.
THE WESTMINSTER PALACE HOTEL, Vic¬
toria-street, S.W., opposite Westminster Abbey.
THE SURBITON HOTEL, Surbiton Station,
Surrey, for families and gentlemen. Post horses and carriages
of every description.
GREAT MALVERN.—The IMPERIAL HOTEL.
—A covered way conducts the visitors direct from the railway
atform to the hotel.
RESTAURANT, GRAND HOTEL, King's-road,
Brighton. Breakfasts, luncheons, dinners, &c.—JOHN MARK¬
ELL, Manager.
ABERYSTWITH.—The QUEEN's HOTEL is
OPEN.
The Devil's Bridge Hotel.
Address Hafod Hotel Company, Aberystwith.
MAXELL's EXETER HOTEL, West Strand, is
close to the theatres and places of amusement. Great comfort,
with moderate charges, which are never varied. Bed rooms, 2s. 6d. ;
drawing room, with bed room on ignite, 8s. 6d., 10s. 6d. Baths. At¬
tendance 1s. The hotel contains an elegant ladies' coffee room
RED LION, Dorking.—W. T. WALLACE, late of
Wallace's Hotel, St. George's-place, Hyde-park-corner, begs most
respectfully to intimate to the nobility and gentry of the county and
his former patrons, that he has taken the above old-established hotel,
and, in soliciting their custom, takes the opportunity of stating, that
having had a long experience in hotel management, it is his intention
to promote in every way the comfort of those who may be pleased to
patronize him by the strictest attention to the internal management of
the hotel, and by a very careful selection of wines, liqueurs, and other
stock. The tariff will be arranged on a liberal scale.
THE ROYAL BOUQUET BROMPTON MAJOR
STOCK, in three distinct colours—viz, scarlet, white, and
purple, is exceeding double, and produces immense flowers on ex¬
traordinary large spikes of bloom; the present is the proper season for
sowing it to bloom next spring. The undersigned having purchased
the entire stock of seed of the above, carefully saved by an eminent
grower, begs to offer it in packets, at 1s. each colour, or the three
colours for 2s. 6d., free by post (remittances in stamps). Apply to F.
EVANS, 246, Old Kent-road, London, S.E.
GREENHOUSES:—42ft, by 13 wide, £50; 21ft.
by 13 wide, £28; 12 ft, by 10 wide, £15, glazed, ready for fixing;
a handsome conservatory, 36ft, by 19, £120. Estimates for any branch
in the line in iron or wood.—H. FREEMAN's Works, Triangle, Hack¬
ley, N.E. Established 20 years.
REAPING MACHINES, Harvest Carts, Steam
Engines, Thrashing and Dressing Machines, Cultivators, Broad¬
shares, Ploughs, Harrows, Lawn Mowers, Garden Engines, &c. The
largest and best stock in London at S. H. DOWNING's machinery
warehouse, Swan-lane, Upper Thames-street, E
BILLIARD TABLES.—Messrs. GILLOW and Co.
beg to call the attention of purchasers to their BILLIARD
TABLES, whish combine all the most recent improvements, and are
moderate in cost.—176, Oxford-street, W
RILLIARD TABLES.—THREE full-size new EX¬
HIBITION BILLIARD TABLES, by eminent London makers,
solid Spanish mahogany, oak, and Italian walnut, siate bed, improved
fast indiarubber cushions, with balls, cues, marking boards, rests, cue
rack, butts, &c., 50 guineas each. On view at Mediaeval Works, 9, Ed¬
ward-street, Vincent-square, Vauxhall-bridge-road, London, S.W.
STORY's PATENT BILLIARD TABLE can be
converted into a dining table in five minutes. Cabinet, uphol¬
stery, and bedding warehouses, 33, London-wall, and 2, Coleman-street,
E.C.—
Late R. LOADER and Co., from Finsbury
WOOD TAPESTRY (HOWARD's PATENT), for
covering walls, cellings, and other surfaces with real wood, in
lien of painting and graining. Designs and estimates free. Howard
and Sons, decorsters and upholders, 26 and 7, Berners-street, Oxford-¬
-street, W.
