FIDES (Traverse).—Safely to hand this morning
(Tuesday), but the enclosure will not be used until I hear from you
again, or the necessity should otherwise arise.
LEONARD STILL, who was some years since
barman of the Royal George, Euston-square, and afterwards is
understood to have been a traveller in the wine and spirit trade, is
requested to SEND his ADDRESS as under. In case of his death a
reward of £5 will be given to any one who will furnish satisfactory
evidence thereof to Mr. Partridge, bookseller, Leominster, Here¬

THOMAS DENNIS may receive £50 on PRODUC¬
TION, within four days from the date hereof, of the AGREE¬
MENT, dated 25th June, 1863, and made between William Knowles
and himself, and on assigning his interest therein to the said Mr.
Knowles. — Dated 21st September, 1863. Apply to Mr. Chapple, 19, Great
Carter-lane, E.C. No further reward will be offered.
LOST, a BUNCH of KEYS, on the 12th inst., be¬
tween the west end and St. John's-wood, or in the route of the
Finchley-road, Pratt's-lane, Hampstead-heath, and Hampstead and
annseensersgeeemone—amr

TO CABMEN.—LOST, a GOLD MOURNING

brillant in the centre. TEN SHILLINGS REWARD given to any
one taking it to the Castle and Falcon, Aldersgate-street.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in Hyde-park,
Leseses-onqundandhass
NECKLACE. Whoever will bring the same to 39, Lowndes-square,
shall receive the above reward.
ONE SOVEREIGN REWARD.—STRAYED, from
the barge path, near Hampton Court Palace, on Sunday after¬
noon, October 11, a SCOTCH TERRIER of the Dandie Dinmont
breed. The above reward will be paid if the dog is brought back to Mr.
Robert Evans, grocer, Hampton Court.
FOUND, on the 31st August last, in Kennington¬
lane, a LIGHT-COLOURED SHE ASS, in foal; dark mark
across the shoulders and down the back. Application to be made at
Kennington-lane Police Station, L. Division.—Metropolitan Police¬
office, October 12, 1863.
FOLLOWED a gentleman, from Savory and Co.'s,
Bond-street, a small TERRIER. Upon describing the same, and
paying all expenses, possession may be had upon application at 7, Lower
Brook-street.
SOUTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Wandsworth and Clapham Union.—I, the undersigned,
auditor of the above named district, do hereby give notice, that I
have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the WANDS¬
WORTH and CLAPHAM UNION, and of the parishes therein con¬
tained (and mentioned at the foot of this notice), for the half-year
ended the 29th of September, 1863, to commence on Saturday, the
31st day of October inst., at 12 o'clock at noon, at the Union Work¬
house, when and where all persons who by law are bound to account
at such audit are required to attend, and to submit all books,
documents, bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the accounts
or to moneys assessed for, and applicable to, the rehief of the poor.—
Dated the 12th day of October, 1863.
J. C. MEYMOTT, District Auditor.
No. 5, Albion-place, Blackfriars-bridge.
Parishes comprised in the above named union:—Battersea, Clapham,
Putney, Streatham, Tooting, Wandsworth.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
their works, at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C.: and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
LIFEBOAT SERVICES.—The Committee of the
Royal National Lifeboat Institution earnestly APPEAL to the
public for ASSISTANCE to enable them to meet the continued heavy
demands on the Institution's 125 lifeboat establishments. During the
past 21 months over 500 shipwrecked sailors have been saved by the
Society's lifeboats. Contributions are received by all the London and
country bankers; and by the Secretary, Richard Lewis, at the Institu¬

BOROUGH-MARKET DISTILLERY. — Notice.
—These premises being required immediately for the Charing¬
cross Railway extension to Cannon-street, Messrs. JOSEPH and
JOHN VICKERS, and Co. respectfully inform their friends that
they have taken TEMPORARY OFFICES (through the kindness
of Mr. Spencer) at the Bridge-house Hotel, London-bridge, where
attendance will be given daily, and where all communications are

RAILWAY ACCIDENTS.—R. B. GREEN¬
WOOD's INVENTION for "Improved Means of Preventing
Accidents upon Railways."—A MODEL will be EXHIBITED, gratis,
at 75, Cannon-street, city, on Monday, Oct. 19th, and three following
days. Gentlemen wishing to inspect it will have a card of admission
forwarded by sending an addressed stamped envelope to R. B. G.,
No. 416, Hackney-road, N.E. Address to the British Public.—The
inventor in addressing the British public and submitting his invention
to their judgment, assumes that the countless number of human beings
who are now travelling daily upon railways and the fearful accidents
that are frequently happening from preventible causes demand that
some great effort should be made to urge the various railway com¬
panies to adopt some preventative measures against the occurrence
of these accidents, particularly such as are occasioned by the engine
or carriages running off the rail, the breaking of axletrees, &c. The
object of the inventor in exhibiting his improved system to the public
is that they may have the opportunity of testing its merits and

PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, established 1852,
at 20. Devereux-court, Temple, under the direction of CHARLES
FREDERICK FIELD, late chief of the Metropolitan detective police.
Inquiries made for noblemen, gentlemen, solicitors, and others. Speedy
communication can be had with this office through the wires of
the London District Telegraph Office, and its 300 branches.
OPERA and FIELD GLASSES.—NEGRETTI
and ZAMBRA warrant their glasses as unrivalled for brillancy,
power, and definition up to 10 miles range, 21s, and 42s. complete, in
case.—1. Hatton-garden; 59, Cornhill; 122, Regent-street; and
Crystal Palace, Sydenham. Illustrated list per post.
OPERA, Race, and Tourists' GLASSES in alu¬
minium, one-third the weight of brass, of high power and perfect
definition. Tourists' and deer-stalking telescopes of the same mate¬
rial, and of the very best make.—SMITH, BECK, and BECK, No. 51,
Cornhill, E.C. (late 6, Coleman-street).
OPERA, Race, and Field GLASSES, in every
variety of size, form, and mounting, matchless for their great mag¬
nifying power and sharpness of definition. Prices from 30s. each, at
CALLAGHAN's, 23A, New Bond-street, W., corner of Conduit-street.
N.B. Sole agent for the celebrated race and field glasses made by
Voigtlander, Vienna. Field-glasses made expressly for India, warranted
to withstand the greatest tropical heat. The new aluminium-mounted
liasses e ed
for H.R.H.
thee Prince of Wales), though of the
largest size, weigh but a few ounces.
OPERA and LANDSCAPE GLASS, of surpassing
power and light, at half London prices. Particulars and first-¬
class testimonials free.—SALOM and Co., opticians, 98, Princes-street,
Edinburgh, direct attention to their, the only safe and perfect system
of adapting Spectacles and Eye-Glasses to the focus of each eye, which
has received the encomiums of the most eminent scientific men, in¬
cluding Sir David Brewster, Sir Philip Crampton, &c. Parties out of
Edinburgh corresponded with gratis. No branch out of Edinburgh.
TEN-GUINEA DISSOLVING SET includes a
pair of very best compound achromatic 10ft, dise lanterns, dis¬
solver, case, lock, key, best argand lamp, large panoramas, chroma¬
tropes, paintings, photographs, comic and lever slips, moving waters,
&c. Free to London or any station in Great Britain for £10 10s., only
from SALOM and Co., 98, Princes-street, Edinburgh. No branche
S.
FIVE-GUINEA MAGIC SET includes a very best
compound achromatic 10ft. dise lantern, paintings, photographs,
comic and lever slips, &c. Free to London or any station in Great
Britain for £5 5s., only from SALOM and Co., 93, Princes-street, Edin¬
burgh. No branches.
SALOM's EDINBURGH HYTHE GLASS,
although of such high power as to show bullet marks at 1,200 ;
yards, costs only 31s. 6d. It is in Scotland the favourite glass among
sportsmen, stalkers, and crack target shots. Only to be had direct
from Salom and Co., 98, Princes-street, Edinburgh. No agents.
LEYZOR and BENDON's two-guinea BINOCU¬
LAR FIELD, Rifle, or Opera GLASS. The extraordinary
power of this instrument renders it adapted to define objects distinctly
at 10 miles distance, is suitable for the theatre, race-course, target
practice, sportsmen, tourists, and general out-door observations.—
No. 50, High Holborn, London, and country agents. Illustrated price
ist of optical and mathematical instruments for two stamps.
STEWARD's BINOCULAR FIELD and LAND¬
SCAPE GLASSES are unequalled for their power and brillant
definition. Price 3½ and 6 guineas; in aluminium, one-third the
weight, 10 and 14 guineas. Highly recommended for India, or any
climate. Address 406, Strand, London. Catalogues post-free.
RIFLE SHOOTING. — BURROW's NEW
TELESCOPES, lately advertised as being in progress, are
now ready, and possess abundant power and definition to reyeal
shot marks at. 1,000 yards and upwards most distinctly, as proved at the
recent Wimbledon Prize Meeting. The Three-Guinea Model is the
most perfect Rifle Glass yet made, and may be obtained of the under¬
signed, and of their London agents, B. Arnold, 72. Baker-street, W.,
and Wales and McCulloch, 56, Cheapside, E.C.—W. and J. Burrow,
Great Malvern.
NEW OPERA and FIELD GLASS, also the 9s. 6d.
10-mile reconnoitrer, or 25-mile landscape glass. "I think the
reconnoitrer very good."—Marquis of Carmarthen. "I never before
met an article that so complesely answered the recommendation of its
maker."—F. H. Fawkes, Esq., Farnley, Otley. "I have found it
effective on the 1,000 yards range."—Captain Sendy, 41st Middlesex,
Royal Small Arms Factory, Enfield. "The economy of price is not
procured at the cost of efficiency."—Field. Post free, 10s. 10d. The
Hythe glass showing bullet marks at 1,200 yards, 31s. 6d. Only to be
had from SALOM and Co., 93, Prince's-street, Edinburgh, who have no
agents anywhere.
THE planets and double stars seen distinetly by a
NEW TELESCOPE, for £5, which will also distinguish the face
of a sheep and the features of a man four miles, the sign of a public¬
house five miles, shot marks upon a target two miles, and time by a
church clock ten miles. This instrument is guaranteed, in writing, to
perform the whole of the above, and to be equal in the most important
respects to telescopes costing £70. It has a three-inch superior achro¬
matic object glass, two eye-pieces, &c., with portable metal tripod,
and pillar stand with jointed claw feet. N.B. Persons are invited to
apply for a diagram, with fuller particulars and numerous testimonials.
Sent free.—S. and B. SOLOMONS, opticians to the Government,
No. 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly. Powerful small pocket telo¬
scopes, opera, field, and general out-door day and night glasses.
CHROMO-LITHOGRAPHS by DAY and SON,
Lithographers to the Queen and H.R.H. the Prince of Wales,
on View.—Illustrated Works, Architectural Drawings and Lithographs,
Bank-note and Bond Engraving and Printing; Estate Plans, Views,
and Law Lithography; Show Cards, Labels, Pattern Books and Illus¬
trated Catalegues, and every description of Commercial Work, at
No. 6, Gate-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, London.
PICTURES, Books, and Works of Art SOLD by
AUCTION, every Friday throughout the year. Commission five
per cent.—G. and H. BONHAM's Auction Rooms, Leicester-street,
Leicester-square.
ONES and BONHAM, 410, Oxford-street, beg to
acquaint the nobility, gentry, amateur collectors, and the trade
in general, their SEASON for PICTURE SALES by AUCTION is
fully on, and such property should be sent to them as early as possible
to ensure proper publicity. Established 1793.
WATER-COLOUR STUDIO, 22a, Mortimer¬
street, Regent-street.—The injury caused by the late fire at the
Portland Bazaar having been repaired, it is again OPEN for the loan
of water colour drawings by the first artists, with many additions.
Attendance from 11 to 4 o'clock. Families in the country supplie
d
WATER-COLOUR STUDIO, 22a, Mortimer¬
street, Portland-place.—Mr. HAYDON SUPPLIES WATER¬
COLOUR DRAWINGS by the first masters, with directions for copy¬
ing. Terms, six guineas per annum, or 15s. per month. Three draw¬
ings of first class, or six of second, allowed per month. Families in the
ceuntry supplied on receipt of subscription. All materials sent if re¬

ONE HUNDRED and TWENTY charming little
ENGRAVINGS for scrap-books, &c., comprising Views of Eng¬
lish and Foreign Lakes, Woodland Scenery, Domestic and Historical
Subjects, Sea Views, &c, are now sent post-free, for 4s. 3d. in stamps.
Each engraving is about 3 inches long and 2½ wide, without the mar¬
gin. A few sets only remain unsold. Address JOHN JERRARD,
No. 172, Fleet-street.
SSHOIOGRAPHIC TINTING.—A lady.
rienced in the above art, on receipt of carte de visite (with de¬
scription) and eight stamps, guarantees superior tinting. Vignette
size, 12 stamps; carte de visite coloured throughout, 18 stamps. Also
vignettes copied on ivory for brooches, &c., for half a guinea. Address
Madame Haller, portrait and miniature painter, 10, Southampton-row,

DISSOLVING VIEW LANTERNS.—For SALE,
a bargain, a PAIR of nearly new MAHOGANY LANTERNS
with 4in. lens, about 40 superior slides, chromatropes, &c., and large
screen: also a valuable self-acting Euterpeon, with 12 barrels, which
play several favourite overtures, waltzes, quadrilles, &c., and recently
cost £300. The whole to be Sold for £200. Apply at the office,
No. 90, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square.
NEW ACHROMATIC MAGIC and DISSOL¬
VING LANTERNS.—The advautage of achromatic lenses over
the ordinary lenses is brillancy and definition. No additional charge
is made upon this improvement, as a large sale is anticipated. Price
of best made and most improved phantasmagoria lantern, with 3½-in.
condensers, and new achromatic focusing lenses complete in case,
£2 15s. Pair of dissolving view lanterns of most improved construction
and best make, suitable to public audiences, with the new achromatic
leuses, £8 10s. Catalogue, free, containing a list of slides, which are
painted by first-rate artists.—S. and B. SOLOMONS, opticians to the
Government, 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
