APOLLO.—Go to P. O. for news.
M. B. W., of N. N.—Pray COMMUNICATE with
ur sorrowing wife and children.
THE L—b at Kenilworth Castle. I am very glad to
know that you are in England. I have been looking anxiously
for a few kind words. WRITE at ence.
MR. S.—Declined with thanks, since you find my
terms too high. Esplonage is a luxury which ought only to be
within reach of those we e¬
suficiently well for the
skill and discernment required.—POLLAKY, Private Inquiry-office,
No. 13, Paddington-green.
MRS.AMELIA ANN DILLON.—If Mrs. DILLON,
who some months since acted as stowardess on the Great Vic¬
toris Steamship on her voyaxe from Madras to this country, will
APPLY to Messrs. Pawle and Fearon, 11, New-inn, Strand, London,
she will hear of something to her advantage.
GEORGE TIPPER, deceased.—To Solicitors and
others.—The GENTLEMAN who PREPARED the WILL of
Mr. GEORGETIPPER, lately residing in Buenos Ayres, and who died
in Liverpool on the 29th Dec., 1870, or any one who can give any infor¬
mation relative thereto, is requested to COMMUNICATE with Messrs.
Tyrer, Smith, and Kenion, 16, North John-street, Liverpool.
ST. PETERS HOSPITAL for STONE, 54, Berners¬

Commit.
bovernors very gratefully
ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT of TEN GUINEAS from Messrs. Stern,
Brothers, and £5 from Henry Farqubar, Esq.
DISCHARGED PRISONERS' AID SOCIETY,
Charing-cross, London, S.W.—The Committee beg to AC¬
KNOWLEDGE, with best thanks, the RECEIPT of £25, from the
Worshipful Company of Mercers, on behalf of this Society and of £105
from the Worshipful Company of Grocers on behalf of the Westminster
Memorial Refuge.
LOST, in a Hansom Cab, an OPERA GLASS (by
Chevallier, of Paris), between Bedford-row and the St. James's
Hotel, Piccadilly. ONE POUND REWARD on applying to the portes
at the Hotel.
LOST, BILL, for £40 9s. 6d., on Friday, May 5,
drawn by S. Kessel and Co., on J. Croft, at two months from
May 4. Payment has been stopped, and persons are cautioned against
negotiating the same.
LOST, near the Exhibition, Burlington House, a
LADYS GREEN MOROCCO PURSE, containing about £5 and
a Season Tickst to the Crystal Palace, with the owner's address. Who¬
ever returns the same to the porter, at the Exhibition, shall be hand¬
somely REWARDED.
LOST, at about 20 minutes to 0 p.m., in the neigh¬
bourhood of the Haymarket, a SILVER HUNTING WATCH,
white enamelled dial, engine-turne ae
e, Jas. McCabe;
No. 0.6004. Whoever will take the same to Mr. McCabe shall receive a
REWARD of FIVE POUNDS
LOST, from the inside of a drag, at the Uxbridge
Races, on the 31st March, a large PAIR of FIELD GLASSES, in
black leather case, with the address "C. A. R. Hoare, 37, Fleet-street,"
engraved in gold letters on the telescope part of the glases. Whoever
will take the same to the White Horse Cellars, Piccadilly, or 37, Fleet¬
street, shall be REWARDED
LOST, CERTIFICATE or BOND, by the City of
Philadelphia, United States of America, for 400 dollars, part of
Six per Cent. Loan under Ordinance of Council, of date 20th February,
1851. The Certificate is No. 14, is dated 12th July, 1851, is repayable
1st July, 1886, and is in name of Madame Mary Phelps. Whoever will
deliver the same to Milne and Walker, advocates, 16, Union-terrace,
Aberdeen, Scotland, shall be REWARDED.
LEFT in a CAB, that took a gentleman from 36,
Duke-street, St. James's, to Chelsea, on Thursday, May the 4th,
a BROWN PAPER PARCEL, containing a suit of clothes, useless to
any one but the owner. THREE POUNDS REWARD will be paid
on taking them to the above address.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, the HALF
ofa GOLD LOCKET, containing the portrait of a la
 Who¬
ever will take it to Messrs. Pottle and Son, 14 and 15, Royal Exchange,
shall receive the above reward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in Hanover¬
Rooms, at Miss Purdy's Concert, on May 3, a LADYS
GOLD LEVER WATCH, initials on the back. Whoever will take the
same to 1, The Terrace, Camden-square, shall receive the above re¬
ward.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday,
May 5th.
Albany-street, Regent's-park and Blandford-¬
square, a GOLD WATCH, gold face and engine-turned back, maker's
name Tupman inside. The owner rode in an omnibus part of the dis¬
tance. Whoever will take it to 5, Blandford square, shall receive the
above reward.
EE
ARITY COMMISSION.—In the matter of the

ed ILLIAM BERMETEN
TRUST for POORE.
MINISTERS, and for other Charit a o o.
poses.—Notice is hereby
given, that an ORDER has been made by the Board
Charity Com¬
missioners for Eing.
an

ta   CHEME

bvernment of this Charity. A copy of the Order and Scheme may be
inspected on each week day during the space of one calendar;
thtoe  to
be computed from the first publication of this notice between the

11 a.m. and 3 p.m., at the offices of Messr.

and Pearson solicitors, 41, Finsbury-cirous, London; and at the office
o noo  
oners, at No. 8, York-stre.
St. James's-square,
London.—Dated this second day of May, 1871
HENRY
Seer.
WTAN
ry.
1o. 3. N0.
F—ORDNANCE SURVEY of ENG
AND.
To L.
NDED PROPRIETORS, Clergymen, Agents of Estates, Parish
Officers, and all others interested in having the Boundaries of the
Parishes correctly ascertained and accurately laid down on the plans
of the Ordnance Survey.
THE BOUNDARIES in Part of the COUNTY of
CHESTER have been ascertained as directed by the Act of Par¬
liament, 4th and 5th Victorise, cap. 30; 9th and 10th Victoriie, cap. 46;
and 14th and 15th Victoriae, cap. 23; renewed by the Act 19th and 20th
Vic. Reg., cap. 61; and continued in force by 32d and 33d Victorims, cap.
85; and the Sketch Maps drawn, which, with the field notes of the
perambuiation of the following places, viz.:—

Adlington.
Handforth cum Bos Rainow
Alderley, Nother

Siddington.

Hurdsfield
Sutt.
Birties
Kettieshulme.
Taml

Lyme Handley
Tytherington
Bollin Fee

ed .
Upton
Bollington
Macclesfield Forest
Winole



Withington, Old.
Capesthorne
Mottram St. Andrew Withington, Lower—
Chelford


Chorley.
North Rode.
Warnford, Groat.
Fallibroome.
Pott Shrigley

Ww

Pownall Fee
Wildboar-clough
Gawsworth
Poynton.

Henbury cum PexallPrestbury
Whaley,
will be open for inspection at the large room in the Town-hall, Maccles¬
field, between the hours of 10 and 4 o'clock, on the 9th and 10th of
May, 1871.
As the boundaries laid down on the Government Maps were pointed
out to the Ordnance Surveyors by Meresmen, o e
ons appoluted by
Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace assembled in Quarter Sessions, as
directed by the Acts of Parliament quoted above, the maps may pos¬
sibly become evidence respecting the boundaries, and thus affect the
right of rating lands. Therefore, proprietors, agents, and other persons
to whom this notice is addressed, are particularly requested to examine
the Sketch Maps, to ascertain that the boundanies of those lands in and
for which they are interested have been correctly defined and laid
down, and to bring with them plans of their estates for companson with
the Boundary Sketch Maps, that, should any differences be found, they
may be inquired into and corrected before the maps are engraved and
published. HENRY JAMES, Major-General Royal Engineers,
Superintendent.
N.B. These are mere skeleton outline maps, and do not shew the
boundarles of private property.
No. 173.—NOTICE—ORDNANCE SURVEY of ENGLAND.
To LANDED PROPRIETORS, Clergymen, Agents of Estates, Parish
Officers, and all others interested in having the Boundaries of the
Parishes correctly ascortained and accurately laid down on the plans
of the Ordnance Sarvey.
THE BOUNDARIES in Part of the COUNTIES of
FLINT and DENBIGH have been ascertained as directed by the
Act of Parliament, 4th and 5th Victorise, cap. 30; 9th and 10th Vic¬
torise, cap. 46 ; and 14th and 15th Victoriae, cap. 24 ; renewed by the
Act 19th and 20th Vic. Reg., cup. 61; and continued in force by 32d and
33d Victorize, cap. 85 ; and the Sketch Maps drawn, which, with the
field notes of the perambulation of the following places, viz:—
FLINT.
Nant with Prestatyn, in alar
Townships of
Meliden Parish.
Wigtair, in
Bryngwyn 1ss.
Tree
St. Asaph Parish.
Bryngwyn Ugha
Trefechan
Bachygraig
Trofedwyn.
Trelan
Bryngwyn.
Trerdre, in
Penbedw, in
Graig
Cacrwys Parish.
Nannerch Parish.
Lian
Cefn.
Gop.
Maenefa, in
Llysdanhunedd.

Tremeirchion Parish.
Llyayco.
Newmarket Parish.

Maceyeroes,
Brynbychan
Edenowen

Brynhedydd
Isglan.
Trellynia, in

Treabbot
Clicain Parish.
Ceindu.
Trelan
Isian,
Cricein
Tremostn
Uwchlan, in
Pentre
Uwchglan
Cwm Parish.
Rhydorddwy.
Whis ford Garn, in
Rhyd.
Rhyl
Whitford Parish.
Llewerllyd
Trellewelyn
Bodigen
Treeastle, in
Yecawen, in
Garneddwen
Dyserth Parish
Rhuddian Parish.
Gellliovdy.
Gwaenysger Parish
Bodelwyddan
Trelan Ucha .
Axton
Bodengan
Trean 1s.
Golden Grove.



Olowen.
Prysan, in

Cyrchynan
Yscciting Parish.
Keiston

DENBIGH.
Picton
Gwernglefryd.
Aborgele Parish.
Trelogan
Gwernigron
Aberchwiler
ro d, in
Meriadog

Lianasa Parish. Pengwern
Bodfarl Parish.
Meliden
Rhyllon
St. George Parish.
will be open for inspection at the County Hall. Denbigh, between the
hours of 10 and 4 o'clock, on the 11th and 12th May, 1871.
As the boundaries laid down on the Government Maps were pointed
out to the Ordnance Surveyors by meresmen, or persons, appointed by
Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace assembled in Quarter Sessions, as
directed by the Acts of Parliament quofed above, the maps may possi¬
bly become evidence respecting the boundarics, and thus affect the
right of rating lands. Therefore, proprietors, agents, and other per¬
sons, to whom thie notice is addressed, are particularly requested to
examine the sketch maps, to ascertain that the boundaries of those
lands in and for which they are interested have been correctly defined
and laid down, and to bring with them plans of their estates for com¬
parison with the boundary sketch maps, that, should any differences be
found, they may be inquired into and corrected before the maps re¬
engraved and published.
HENRY JAMES, Major-General Royal Engineers,
Superintendent
N.B. These are mere skeleton outline maps, and do not show the
boundaries of private property.
THE NEW SALMON BILL.—On Tuesday lastt a
deputation of mill-owners and others attefded at the Home-office
to state their abjections to.

po . Dil. Mr. Surtees
raad the following RESOLUTIONS, which had been passed at a pre¬
vious meeting:—
1. That the Bill professing to be an Amended Salmon Fithery Act
is unsuitable for the purposes proposed, that it would fling impediments
in the way of catching salmon, and thus inflict injury on the public,
whilst it interferes in many various and uncalled for ways with the
private rights and vested interests of mill and fishery owners.
3. That the clanses relating to the election of Conservators would
give the control of the fisheries entirely into the hands of the licensees,
who, having no permanent interests in the river, and from their tenure
being only from rear to year, would be likely to be carelees of results.
But it appears that the amended Board, as recommended by Committes
of Conseryators, is a step in the right direction.
 Tffat clause 20 and many of its numerous sub-sections, especially
2, 3, 4, 8, 9, 10, 11, are peculiarly obnoxious, and might be made more
arbitrary than the Bill itself. That we object strongly and decidedly
to such powers of making by-laws. That whatever protection for sai¬
mon preservation may be thought desirous by the Legisiature should be
as far as possible defined by statute law, and not committed to Local

4. That the penalty clause (line 40) is wholly repugnant to customary
laws of England.
5. That no mill owner or propietor of fishing rights should have those
vested right interfered with, and valuable property confiscated, without

6. That the power of increasing liceuse duty, and the power of rating
fisheries for theoretical improvements, and thus weighting the riparian
properties with mortgages, is unjust and impolitic.
. 7. That in many cases owners of fisheries and mill-dams have been
required, at great personal expense, to prove their rights to such pro¬
perty; in other cases have sone to great expense in making fish passes
on the faith of these Acts not being tampered with; that in all these
cases it is clearly just that no after-legisiation, such as is contained in
these clauses and by laws, should be applicable, and that there should
be a wide and distinct clause exempting them from the operation of

s. That wo enter a decided protest againt weirs and dams, other than
fishing weirs and fisth e.
being placed under the jurisdiction
of the Special Commissionere. The proccedings of their Court reverse
the well-known principles of English law, inasmuch as they throw the
onus of proving their title upon the owners of property, at a great and
unnecesary expense to such owners.
9. That it is not just or squitable towards one class—viz, mill-owners
to withdraw their vast interests of industry and manufacture from
the jurisdiction of the legal tribunals of the country. That in this
Court "no millowner has power to call for a jury," and thus to have
questions of fact tested "That they (the Commissioners) themselves,
as judges, put the Court in motion." That "they institute the proceed¬
nts they themselves decide" Questions (Select Committee, 1869) 350,
851, 962, 566, and that the Commissioners, being judges, should not in¬
serfere with the making of fish-ways or fish-passes.
10. That there are other clauses, such as cutting an opening in
raising the crost of mill-weirs, size of net, prohibiting fishing within 50
yards of a mill dam with a sufficient rass, tompulsory purchase of mill
property, placing restrictions on net fishing in times twhen salmon' is
good for food, which are unjust interferences with private properly,
and will in many instances cause an enormous depreciation in such
property, and rather infure than benefit the general nublis.
