MISSING, since Thursday, the 16th of March, an
ELDERLY GENTLEMAN, 70 years of age (looks not quite as
old), 5 ft. 5 in, in height, stoops, is a thin spare figure, has a florid com
plexion, small grayish whiskers, light brown hair intermingled with
gray, and blue cyes; was dressed in a long black coat, black trousers
blucher boots (square toed, clumsily made), and high black hat with
mourning band. Was last seen at a barber's shop in Salisbury, Wilts
where he had his moustachios shaved off, having passed the previous
night at the Shoulder of Mutton Inn, at the same place. Information
to be given to Mr. Pollaky, Private Inquiry-office, 13, Paddington¬

LYSTERIOUSLY LEFT her FAMILY, supposed
with the intention of proceeding to America to join the Mor
monites, a MARRIED FOREIGN LADY of superior education, 23
years of age, of middie stature, intelligent features, pale complexion,
dark brown hair, and large hazel eyes. Passed through Hamburg on
her way to England on Friday, the 3d of March. Was dressed wher
last seen in a brown moire antique dress, black velvet mantle richly
tritamed with lace, and a blue bonnet with white flowers. The lad
sneaks German, French, and also English fluently. TWENTY
POUNDS REWARD will be paid for correct information as to he
present whereabouts by Mr. Pollaky, Private Inquiry-office, 13, Pad¬
dington-green, W.
TO HOTELKEEPERS and others.—FIVE
POUNDS REWARD.—MISSING, a YOUNG GENTLE
MAN. Looks the age of 22, but is only 19; fair hair, full eyes
left upper eye-lid slightly drooping, small moustache, whiskers
closely trimmed and of a darker colour than his hair; invariably
carries a neat silk umbrella; height about 5ft. 8 to 9 inches
Supposed to have two portmanteaus, with his name in full, of which
T. G. M. are the initials. He is of unsound mind. INFORMATION to
C. F. Field, late Chief of the Metropolitan Detective Police, 20, Deve
reux-court, Temple (Private Inquiry-office).
THE late RICHD, BOXWELL, of the Arab Boy,
Putney.—
tleman who acted as SOLICITOR to the above is
requested to COMMUNICATE with M. I., 63, Long-lane, Bermond¬
sey, S.E.
LOST, BANK of ENGLAND NOTES—two
twenties, 67528 and 67539 ; one ten, 63100 ; one five, 47080. Pay¬
ment stopped. A REWARD will be given by Messrs. Wood and
Ring, 7a, Basinghall-street.
LOST, at the Bachelor's Ball, Cheltenham, Feb. 27th,
a BROOCH, Bunch of Amethyst Grapes, with gold bird and
leaves. Anyone sending it to Mr. Buckman, Assembly Rooms, Chel

give information that will lead to its recovery, shall receive
ONE POUND.
LOST, in a cab, on Thursday night, a PAIR of
WHITE IVORY OPERA GLASSES, with the owner's name
and address inside the barrels, in a case. Drove a party from Deicester¬
square to 41, Upper Berkeley-street, W. Whoever will bring the same

POUND REWARD. Gulldford-street, W.C., shall receive ONT
LEFT in a CAB, on Saturday evening the 25th of
March, between 9 and 10 o'clock, a LADY's small BLACK LEA¬
THER BAG, with steel chain, containing a gold locket (hair insidel
and chain, a gold watch-hook set with jewels, also a child's blue frock
body, thimble, scissors, &c. The cab afterwards conveyed a gentleman
to the Euston Station from Bridge-road, St. John's-wood. Whoeve
will bring the bag, &c., o e.
taie stin and Fisher, 13, Moorgate.
street, shall be handsomely REWARDED.
DOG LOST, on the 28th March—a large Browr
Curly-Haired Retriever; answers to the name of "Bran." Whoe
ever brings him to the gatekeeper at Doughty-street, Mecklenburgh-
square, W.C., shall receive a REWARD of THREE POUNDS.
UIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, betweer
Tuesday and Thursday last, a LETTER, directed to 32, Chapel,
street, Park-lane, W. Any one bringing the same as addressed she
receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Thursday
evening, 30th inst., in the neighbourhood of Dorset-square, a
small BLACK and TAN TERRIER DOG, white breast and foot, with
red, collar. Whoever will bring the same to 3, Upper Glocester-street
Derset-square, shall receive the above reward.
MARY WILLIAMS or JONES. —The DESCENDS
ANTS of MARY WILLIAMS afterwards MARY JONES, wife of
John Jones, of Penlan Farm, in the parish of Llandingat, in the count
of Carmarthen, or the Personal Representatives of such of them ashay.
died since the 2d day of June, 1860, are requested to COMMUNL
CATE, on or before the 19th day of May, 1865, with Messrs. Druce
Sons, and Jackson, of No. 10, Billiter-square, London, solicitors. The
said Mary Jones is believed to have had four children, named William
John, Evan, and Esther, who are believed to be all deceased. The said
Esther Jones is believed to have married a Mr. James, a blacksmith, of
Tyllwydd, Llandovery, Carmarthenshire, and to have left Englane
many years ago for America.
DRUCE, SONS, and JACKSON, 10, Billiter-squa.
ondon, Solicito.

NEXT of KIN, Heirs at Law, Legatees, &c. —Ar
Index to all persons advertised for between 1740 and 1865," 2s.
post free 25 stamps.—HERBERT FRERES, 2, Mariborough-terrace,
Bridge-road, Battersea. Bank of England Unclaimed Dividenda
Treasury, Chancery, and all Foreign Stocks and Records Searched.
CRUELTY to ANIMALS.—FIVE POUNDS RE¬
WARD are offered by the undersigned for the APPREHENSION
of WILLIAM SINGER, late horsekeeper in the employ of Mr. Abbott,
contractor, Limehouse, who is accused of inhumanly injuring a horse
by inserting into its rectum a red-hot iron bar. A warrant for Singer
apprehension has been obtained by the undersigned, and is now in the
hands of the Superintendent of the K Division, Arbour-square, Step¬
ney.
JOHN COLAM, Secretary.
Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals,
12, Pall-mall, S.W.
CRUELTY to ANIMALS.—March Return.—The
ROYAL SOCIETY for the PREVENTION of CRUELTY to
ANIMALS prosecuted and convicted 174 offenders during January
February, and March of this year. Of these 37 were committed t
prison, the full costs falling upon the Society. In 37 cases the old
worn-out animal was mercifully destroyed. Of these convictions 6s
were obtained in the metropolis, and 111 in various parts of England.
During the year ending last May, 974 persons were convicted; 461 in Lon¬
don and 513 in the country, 192 of whom were committed to prison, the
entire expenses being paid by the Society. In these cases 259 animals
were mercifully slaughtered (in addition to the penalties) at ithe sug¬
gestion of the magistrates.
Clergymen, writers in the public journals, lecturers, and (school¬
masters are earnestly requested to co-operate in the inculcation of
humanity. A list of the Society's publications may be had on applica
tion. Suggestions to the public upon witnessing acts of cruelty, with
an abstract of the Statutes, are neatly printed in pocket size, and ma
be had gratis. Complaints of offences should be forwarded promptly
to the Secretary, and the particulars should be full and precise as
possible. All letters, official or private, should be addressed to
No. 12, Pall-mall, S.W.
JOHNICOLAM, Secretary.
P.S. The pecuniary support of humane persons is earnestly solicited
without which a curtailment of the present extended operations, and
a reduction in the nearly doubled staff of officers, must take place
Subscriptions and donations may be transmitted through the post, o
through any London or country banker.
WEST LONDON INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION
to be opened in the Floral-hall, Covent¬
aden, May 1.—Lates.
day for ISSUE of SPACE PAPERS, April 20. Public Meetings wil
be held on the evenings of Tuesday, April 4, in the Vestry-hall of St
James, Piccadilly, at 8: Thursday, April 6, St. Martin's School, Castle
street, Long-acre, at 8; Portman Chapel School, East-Street, Mang
chester-square, at 7.30; Friday, April 7, St. Mark's School, Nortl
Audley-street, at 8.
ICHOLAY, Chairman of Committee.
R. M. MORRELL, Secy., 108, Great Portland-stree.
GREAT INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION o
COLOGNE, June 2d, 1865.—PHILLIPPS, GRAVES, PHIL EI PPS,
and Co., having made arrangements to CONVEY, at through rates
CARRIAGES, agricultural machinery, and other goods direct fror
LONDON to COLOGNE, are prepared to receive consignments fo
that purpose. Large and heavy machinery to be addressed to Bruns
wick wharf, Blackwall; other ordinary packages to Custom-house quay
Lower Thames-street. Address 11, Rood-lane, London, E.C.
IN Her MAJESTY's COURT for DIVORCE and
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—To JAMES THORNLEY, now of

the city of Paris, in the Empire of France.—Take notice, that
CITATION, bearing date the 16th day of March, 1865, has issued, unde
the seal of Her Majesty's Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes
at the instance of Francisca Dorothea Caroline, Thornley, of German
house, Marine-parade Brighton, in the county of Sussex, wife of you
the said James Thornley, citing you to appear in the said Court withil
eight days of the service thereof, then and there to answer her petition
filed in the said Court, praying for a dissolution of her marriage wit
you ; and such citation contains an intimation that, in default of you
so doing, the said Court will proceed to hear the said petition proved is
due course of law, and to pronounce sentence therein, your absene
notwithstanding. — Dated this 28th day of March

EDWD. F. JENNER, Registrar.
FOUTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS
TRICT.—SAINT MARY, NEWINGTON PARISH.—I, th
undersigned, Auditor of the abovenamed District, do hereby giv
notice that I have APPOINTED the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS o
the abovenamed parish for the half-year ended the 25th of March
1865, to commence on Saturday, the 15th day of April next, at 14
o'clock at noon, at the Clerk's office, Keen's-row, Walworth when an
where all persons who by law are bound to account at such audit ar
required to attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills, and
vouchers containing or relating to the accounts, or to moneys assessed
for and applicable to the relief of the poer Dated the 30th day of
March, 1865.
JOHN C. MEYMOTT, District Auditor.
No. 5, Albion-place, Blackfriars-bridge.
METROPOLITAN MARKET.—Appr.
riation of
Taverns for Lodging-houses for the
bouring Classes, &c.

Lease certain Pleces of
nhd Provision as to Borrowin
and
borrowing and Charge an
tstoin o f .
 c; Amnenedn,
NOActs.—Notice is
te reby given, that APPLICAT,
N is about to 
a ane to
toi t n  nin
pre.
Ta Session for leave to bring in
BILL for the following purposes, or some of them, that is to say:—
1. To am   e.
tropolitan Mar.
Act, 1857, in the ole e
b 
ieticularse.
To authorize the appropriation and use of certain taverns and other
buildings, now unoccupied, in the market, for the purposes of lodging
houses for the labouring classes, and for other objects.
.To authorize the lease of certain unoccupied land, situate on the
north and south sides of the m a eae
To remove doubts as to the powers of borrowing and re-borrow
money, which was originally authorized to be borrowed by the Metro¬
politan Market Act, 1851, and to adapt and extend the provisions o
such last-mentioned Act respecting the vesting and application of the
tolls, rents, and payments thereby authorized to the provisions of the
Act, 1857, and the raising of money thereunder, and to revise and ex¬
plain the provisions of the Act of 1851 so far as relates to the matte

To make other provisions in relation to the matters aforesaid.
Printed copies of the Bill will be deposited in the Private Bil
Office of the House of Commons prior to the presentation of the peti

ated 16th March, 1865.
WILLIAM CORRIE, Remembrancer, Guildhall, London.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—No. 233.—
No. 36, Aldermanbury, London.—In the matter of the e o¬
25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is hereby given, that on th
application of JAMES HOOLE, of No. 36, Aldermanbury, in the cit,
of London, wholesale ironmonger, the Registrar of the Office of Land
Registry intends, at the expiration of three calendar months from th
date hereof, to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE all thost
HEREDITAMENTS called or known as No. 36, Aldermanbury, in
the city of London, in the tenure or occupation of the said James
Hoole, and which hereditaments are delineated on the map, No. 233,
deposited by the applicant in the Office of Land Registry as part of the
description of the same, and therein edged with red, together with th
mines and minerals under the same hereditaments. If any person ob
jects to or desires to show cause against such registration, or claims tha
the same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any
particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not akeady proved
or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the Registen
with reference to such hereditaments, such person may be heard a
the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time
before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date
hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or other¬
wise, to make such objection or to show cause against, or to make sucl
claim in respect of such registration. But any person desiring to make
such objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating th
particulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the
Office of Land Registry before the expiration of the said three calendam
months from the date hereof, otherwiss he will be excluded fron
making the same. The said map of the said hereditaments de
posited in the Office of Land Registry may be inspected at the said
office at any time before the expiration of the said three calendal
months from the date hereof. — Dated this 3d day of April, 1865.
LO D MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
HENRY MOTT, Solicitor to the Applicant.
TEN and FIVE POUND PRIZES for the first and
second best POEMS, not exceeding 14 lines. For detailed pros¬
pectus send directed enyclope to Mr. Edward Harrison, Wilderness
lane, London, E.C.
TEN POUNDS REWARD.—BUTTONS that
never come off.—The above will be paid for INFORMATION
leading to the conviction of parties INFRINGING BUSSEY's
PATENT. These buttons are applicable to trousers and gloves, they
are fixed at the rate of five per minute, are superior in appearance,
and never come off.—Patentees' depot, 482, New Oxford-street, W.C.
City depot, Rayne, Uphill, and Co., 3, Carey-lane, E.C. Agents and

NOTICE.—WALTER CARSON and SONS, of
9, Great Winchester-street, beg respectfully to notify that they
have REMOVED their principal OFFICE to their warehouse in La¬
Belle Sauvage-yard (37), Ludgate-hill, E.C., and have discontinued their
west-end office, 31, St. James's-street, S.W.—March 1, 1865.
MR. HENRY SALTER's OFFICES are RE¬
MOVED to No. 35, King William-street, London-bridge, where
communications relating to linancial business, investments, and public
or private companies are requested to be addressed. —March 25th, 1865
WA.—TWO LETTERS of a NEW NAME.
PHRENOLOGY.—Miss NOA gives delineations of
character, phrenological advice on the training of children,
and lectures on phrenology.—31, Blomfield-road, Maida-hill, W.
