S. W.—Will he kindly call for answer to his letter
of 1st inst., to S.W.
ADDRESS of C. G.—38, Euston-square, N.W.
TO C. H. F.—For pity's sake explain your absence,
nd communicate with your distracted wife at once.—L.F.
IF Mr. CHARLES CRUIKSHANK, who left Dur¬
ban, Natal, in the s. s. Basuto, for England, in November, 1374,
will SEND the JOURNAL, &c., to Mrs. Evans, Oakleigh-park, Whet¬
stone, Middlesex, he will greatly olige.
JAMES MITCHELL, the brother of Georgina,
Isabella, and Alexander Mitchell, or his Represensative, is re¬
quested to APPLY to De Bernardy, Brothers, 2, Great James-street,
Bedford-row, London, respecting some unclaimed money.
WANTED.—F. J. BOLTON, who acted as seere¬
tary or amanuensis to the late Sir Valentine Blake, Bart., of
Menlough Castle, County Galway, who in the year 1846 was lodging at
No. 154, Oxfords reet, London will hear sometning to his advantage
by COMMUNICATING with Messrs. E. and G. Stapleton, Solicitors,
No. 28, College-ureen, Dublin.
IN the HIGH COURT of JUSTICE—Probate
Divorce and Admiralty Division—To the NEXT of KIN (if any)
and all persons having an interest in the personal Estate of WILLIAM
CRAWLEY deceased late of No. 50 Henth Street Liverpool in the
County palatine of Lancaster Joiner.—Take Notice that a CITA¬
TION has issued under Seal of the above Division of the High Court
of Justice whereby you are Cited within thirty days to cause an ap¬
pearance to be entered for you in the probate Registry of the Court
and accept or refuse Letters of Administration of the personal estate
of the Deceased or show cause wy the same should not be granted to
Francis Whitaker Esquire the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's
Duchy of Lancaster as the Nominee of Her Majesty for Her Majesty's
use, with an Intimanion that in default of appearance to the said Cita¬
seee
Whitaker.
H. L. STRONG Registrar.
Alfred Ayrton 22 Surrey Street Strand Her Majesty's proctor in
Right of Her Duchy of Lancast

PURSUANT to a Decree of the High Court of
Justice Chancery Division made the 26th day of April 1877 in

Beere Plaintiff and Providence Martha Hemming Widow and Henry

sons claiming to be the HEIR or HEIRS at LAW of the surnaie of
Davis of THOMAS DAVIS late of Priors Marston in the County of
Warwick Yeoinan deceased who died in or about the mouth of July

his Widow who intermarried with Charles Cooknell and died in or
about the month of January 1876 or the person or persons who by
devise descent or otherwise is or are enutied to such real Estate if
any of the Testator the said Thomas Davis as was devised or de¬
scended to such heer or heirs at law of the surname of Davis And also
the person or persons claiming to be the Heir or leirs at law of the
Testator the said Thomas Davis living at his death or the person or
persons who by devise descent or otherwise is or are entitied to such
real Estate if any of the Testator as descended to such Heir or Heirs
at law are by ther Solicitors on or before the 1st day of November
1877 to come in and prove their Claims at the Chambers of the
Honourable the Vice Chancellor Sir Charles Hall No 14 Chancery
Lane in the County of Middlesex or in default thereof they will be
peremptorily excluded from the benefit of the said Decree. Friday
the 30th day of November 1877 at 12 o'clock at noon at the said
Chambers is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims
Dated this 7th day of August 1877.
WILLIAM BINNS SMITH Chief Clerk.
COOKE  JONAS 3 Serieants Inn Chancery Lane Agents for
 rthr Wright, Oldbury Plaintuls Soicito.
TO PEARSON HARDCASTLE formerly of Brig¬
house near Huddersfield in the County of York Plumber and
Giazier or if dead to his Widow Children next of kin or legal per¬
sonal representarive and all others whom it may concern—In the
Matter of An Act of Parliament made and passed in the Session held
in the 10th and 11th years of the reign of her present Majesty Queen
Victoris Chapter 95 intituled "An Act for better securing trust funds
and for the relief of Trustees" and in the Matter of the Trusts of
the Will and Codicil of William Pearson of Pilley in the Parish
of Tankersley in the County of York Farmer dated respectively
the 3d day of March 1662 and the 30th day of June 1862
Take Notice that on the 23rd day of July 1877 Joshna Raw¬
lin of Tankersley aforesaid Farmer and John Stuart late of Bret¬
ton West in the County of York Farmer but now of Brunswick Road
sheflieid in the said County Shopkeey er Trustees and Executors of
the Will of the said William Pearson deceased under the circum¬
stances set forth in the Affidavit of the said Josnna Rawlin and John
Stuart filed in these matters on the 10th day of July 1877 and
with the privity of the Chancery Paymaster paid into the Bank
of England the two several sums of £499 10s. 9d. and £1,028 9s. 3d.
to an account entitied "In the Matter of the Trusts of the Will of
William Pearson deceased" the first sum to the account of "The
Testators residuary personal estate and accumulations thereof" and
the second sum to the account of "The rents of the Testators Real
Estate and accumulations thereof in accordance with the provisions
of the abovementioned Acts of Parlament. And also take Notice
that you are nanted in the said Affidavit as one or some of the per¬
sons entitled to or interested in the said sums of Cash. And further
take Notice that on the 21st day of July 1877 a petition was presented
to Her Majestys High Court of Justice in the above mentioned
matters by John Rawlin Fletcher of No. 22 Dale Street Shipley near
ltradford in the County of York and Ann his Wife (formerly Ann
Pearson Spinster the youngest child of the Testators deceased brother
John Pearson and one of the persons entitied to or mterested in the
said sums of Cash) praying for the payment and distribution of the
said sums of Cash, and such petition will come on for hearing in the
said High Court of Justice before the Vice Chancellor Sir Charles
Hall early in the month of November 1877. You should therelore
communicate immediately with Messrs. Dransfield and nons of
Penistone in the County of York England Solicitors or with Elinu
Root Esqre. 43 Pine Street New York or you may be excluded from
taking any part of the said sums of Casli. Any one who can give in¬
formation respecting the said Pearson Bardcastle or his family is also
requested to communicate forthwith with the said Messrs. Dransnield
and Sons or with the said Elinu Root Dated this 21st day of August
1877	TORR & Co. 33 Bedford Row London Agents for Dransfield
 Sons Penistone Yorkshire England Solicitors to the said
Trustees and Pecitioners.
MURDER, of a Woman Unknown. ——Some 10 or
12 years since, near Cestrich, in the Rheingau, a lady, sup¬
posed to have come from England, lost a purse imade with beds),
containing a large sum of money. This lady spoke German, was
between 20 and 40 years of age, and is supposed to have been a gover¬
ness in an English family. After having on several occasions visited
the finder of the money, she suddenly disappeared and no trace of her
could be found. In the year 1876 the skeleton of the body of a female
was discovered in a dunghill at Oestrich, which must have been lying
there over 10 years; an examination gives rise to strong suspicion
that the remains are those of the above-mentioned lady, and that she
had been murdered by the finder of the money. All persons wh may
be in a position to give INFORMATION as to the name, position,
and other particulars respecting the deceased, are hereby requested to
commupicate direct with the Investigating Judge (Untersuchungs¬
richter, or the Police Authorities Polizei-Behorden), at Wiesbaden;
or with the Consiate-General of the irerman Empire in London.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the Re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £1,490 Reduced £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of Sir JOHN WYLD¬
BORF SMITH, of Sydling, Dorset, Baronet, and CHARLES WARREN.
of Lincoln's-inn, Esquire, and which was transferred to the said Com¬
missioners in consequence of the Lividenus thereon having remamned
unclaimed since the 10th October, 18.5;—Notice is hereby given that,
on the expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock
will be Transierred, and the Dividends thereon Paid, to Rev. Hugh
Forbes Smith Marriott and George Hinds, surviving Evecutors of
Rev. air oilliam Marriott smith Marrintt, Barenet iin Bank Books
Rev. William Marriott Smith Marriott), who was surviving executor of
Sir John Wylduore amith, Baronet, who was the survivor, who have
claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner appear
and make out his claim thereto.
SEASIDE CONVALESCENT HOSPITAL, Sea¬
ford, Sussex (established 1869).—London Offices, 36, Southamp¬
ton-street, Strand, W.C., 2ath August, 1877.—The Committee beg to
ACKNOWLEDGE, with many thanes, a DONATION of £10 10s.
from Mrs. Ellis, and one of £10 10s. from Captamn Egerton.—H.
GREEN, Secretary.
VESTMINSTER HOSPITAL, Broad Sanctuary,
S.W.—President, his Grace the Duke of WESTMINSTER.
K.G.—The House Committee have the pleasure to ACKNOWLEDGE
the RECEIPT of the following CONTRIGUTIONS to the Repara¬
tion Fund:—£3 from Mrs. Woodhouse, and £5 from James Duke
Hill, Esq., with an additional £5 to the Fund for General Purposes.—

LOST, last night, at 10 p.m., or a little later, by a
gentleman who came up to town by the steamer from Yarmouth,
in the narrow passage leading from the London-bridge landing-stage
of the steamer to Thames-street, an ENGLISH TERRIER, middle
size, colour black and tan, age St years, lame of the right or left hind
leg; name Nip. The man who took up the dog to carry him to a cab.
and missed the gentleman in the crowd, will receive a REWARD of
TWO POUNDs on taking the dog to 22, Alma-square, Abbey-road,
St. John's-wood. No further reward will be offered.—Aug. 23, 1877.
STRATFORD-ON-AVON and LONG COMPTON
TURNPIKE TRUST.—The Trustees of the above named
Turnpike Trust nereby give notice, that all CLAIMS in respect of any
PRINCIPAL MONEYS or INTEREST secured on the revenues
of such road shall be sent in writing to Mr. Thomas Eden-Hiron, Soli¬
citor, Shipston-on-stour, Worcestershire, the Cler of the said Trust,
on or before the 29th day of October next, and that from and after the
said 25th day of October next no claim will be received for any such
principal moneys or interest, and so much of the moregage debt of
the said Trust as consists of princtpal moneys or interest for which
no claim has been sent in, shall and will be extinguished. Dated

By order,
THOS, EDEN-HIRON, Clerk of the Trust.
RASINGSTOKE, STOCKBRIDGE, and LOB¬
COMB CORNER TURNPIKE ROAD.—The Trustees, acting
in execution of the Acts of Parliament relating to the above¬
mentioned Road, hereby give notice, that all CLAIMS in respect of
any PRINCIPAL MONEYS or INTEREST secured upon the
revenues of the Basingstoke, Stockbridge, and Lobcomb Corner Turn¬
pike Trust (which Trust will expire on the 1st day of November, 1877)
must be sent in writing to the undersigned, Clerk of the Trust, on or
before the 3d day of November, 1877 ; and that after such time so
much of the Mortgage Debt of the said Trust as consists of principal
moneys or interest for which no claim has been sent in will be ex¬
tinguisned. —Dated this 22d day of August, 1877.
G. M. FOOTNER, Clerk to the Trustes, Ron.
sey, Hants.
HOLMFIRTH DISTRICT TURNPIKE TRUST,
in the county of York. —Pursuant to 34 and 35 Victoria, chapter
119, section 19, nottce is hereny given, that the above Turnpike Trust
will expire on the 1st day of November next, and that all persons
having any CLAIMS in respect of any PRINCIPAL MONEYS or
INTEREST secured upon the revenues of the road comprised in the
above Trust must send in such claims in writing to me the undersigned,
Martin Kidd, of Homfirth, Solicitor, the Clerk to the Trustees, so as
to he received not later than the 10th day of November next. And
notice is hereby further given, that after the said 10th day of Novem¬
ber next no claim will be received for any such principal moneys
or mterest, and so much of the mortgage debt of the said Trust as
consists of principal moneys or interest for which no claim shall then
have been sent in will from thenceforth be extinguished.—Dated this
25th day of August, 1677.
By order,
MARTIN KIDD, Clerk to the Trustees.
MINCHINHAMPTON, TETBURY, and BISLEY
TURNPIKE TRUST. —Notice is hereby given, that the term
of the Local Act relating to the above named Trust is limited by the
Annual Turaaake Acts Continuance Act, 1876, to the 1st November,
1377, and no longer; ant notice is hereby also given, that in pursuance
of the Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act. 1871, sec. 19, all
CLAIMS in respect of any PRINCIPAL MONEYS or INTEREST
secured upony the revenues of the roads beronging to the said
Trust must besent in writing to the undersigned on or before
the 27th day of October next, and that after the said 27th day of Octo¬
ber next no claim will be received for any such principal moneys or
interest, and so much of the mortgage debt of the said Trust as con¬
sists of principal moneys or interest for which no claim shall have
been sent in shall be extinguished.
R. CLARK PAUL, Clerk to the Trustees of the
above mentioned Trust.
Tetbury, 23 August, 1877.
NEW RIVER COMPANY.—CONSTANT SUE    ,
of WATERn the PARISII of ST. LEONARD, SHORE¬
DITCH.—To the Metropolitan Board of Works, being the Metropo¬
litan Authority within the meaning of that expression in the Mctro¬
polis Water Act, 1871, and having jurisdiction in the district or area
at present supplied with water by the New River Company, in the
parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch.—The New River Company having
been requested by the Local Authorities to provide a constant
supply or water in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and having
aise received from the Local Government Board an expression of their
desire that such supply shall be given, hereby give you notice, that
they, the New River Company, intend to provide and keep through¬
out such parts of their water limits as lie within the sain parish of
St. Leonarn, Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, a Constant
Supply of Water, in lien of the present intermittent supply, and that
such sunply suall commence to be given on the 10th day of Decem¬
ber, 1677. —Dated this 10th day of August, 1877.
ALENR. INGLIS, Secretary of the New River Company.
ROMSEY and RINGWOOD TURNPIKE ROAD.
—The Trustees acting in execution of the Acts of Parlament
relating to the above-mentioned road hereby give notice, that all
CLAIMS in respect of any PRINCIPAL MONEYS or INTEREST
secured upon the revenues of the 3d division of the roads named in
an Act of Parhament of the 4th George the 9th, chapter 120, in¬
tituled "An Act for Repairing the Roms fron Oxdown-gate in Pop¬
ham-lane to the Gity of Winenester, and from the said City through
Hursley to Chandler's Ford, and ffrom Hursleyjaforesaid to the Turn¬
pike Road at Romsey, and from the Hundred at Romsey through
Chilworth to the river at Swathling, in the County of Southampton,
and from the said Turnpike Road at Romsey through Ringwood, in
the sail County, to Longham Bridge and Winborne Minster, in the

roa is will expire on the 1st day of November, 1877), must the sent in
writing to the undersigned, Clerk of the Trust, on or before the 13d
day of November, 1877; and that after such time so much of the
mortgage debt of the said Trust as consists of principal moneys or in¬
terest for which no claim has been sent in will be exinguished. —Dated
this 22d day of August, 18.
GEO. BRIGHT FOOTNER, Clerk to the Trustee
Romsey, Hants.
