OPING in vain month after month makes the
heart sad and weary. Could I but know the end of all this cease¬
less care and anxiety for one whom it has bees my misfortune to know
but too well. True as ever.
ISSING, since Tuesday, the 1st inst., an
ELDERLY GENTLEMAN, 68 years of age, 5 ft. 5 in. in height,
thin spare figure, fair complexon, small grayish whiskers, gray hair,
and brown eyes; was dressed in a black suit of clothes, with white
necktie, and wore a gold watch and chain, with large seal attached,
engraved with initials S. J. M. Information to be given to Mr. Pollaky,
private inqury office, 13, Paddington-green.
DAVID STEELY, who is believed to have recently
entered the service of a colonel, living in or near Maidstone, is
requested to SEND his ADDRESS, without delay, to Club-chambers,
Regent-street.
INN ALLAN, widow, deceased, late of Harrison¬
street, Gray's-inn-road, London.—If the NEXT of KIN of the
above, whose maiden name was Cook, will apply to Mr. Charles Hill,
of 306, Gray's-inn-road, London, the acting executor under her will, on
or before the 21st July, 1866, they will HEAR of SOMETHING to
their ADVANTAGE. Send particulars in writing.
LEXANDER WALKER, formerly residing in
the neighbourhood of Glasgow, but last heard of at or near Bris¬
in Queensland, Australia, is requested forthwith to COMMU¬
NICATE with the undersigned solicitors to his brother's executor
who will inform him of something to his advantage, the benefit of
which will pass to other parties if no communication be received
from the said Alexander Walker within a limited period. This ad¬
vertisement will not be repeated.—May 10, 1866. Marsh and Barratt,
Solicitors, Warrington.
TO PARISH CLERKS and others.—A REWARD
of THREE POUNDS will be given to any person FINDING the
REGISTER of the BURIAL of MARIA DELAHUNT (whose
maiden name was Woodward), and who in 1837 resided with her
husband, Thomas Delahunt, hairdresser, in Portland-place, Commer¬
cial-road, and is supposed to have died some years afterwards in the
east of London; or a similar reward will be given to any person who
shall afford proof of her being living, together with correct information
as to her present residence. Application to be made to Mr. D. E.
Forbes, solicitor, 34, Bedford-row, W.C.
LOST, between Chapel-street, Belgrave-square
Knightsbridge, and Lowndes-square, a SILVER BANGLE
BRACELET Whoever brings the same to Mr. Blackburn, 25, Mot¬
comb-street, Belgrave-square, shall be REWARDED.
LOST, a small DARK GREEN LEATHER BAG,
between Arlington-street and Hyde-park-corner, at 9,50 on Tues¬
day evening. Any person delivering the same with contents at Brooks's
Club, St. James's-street, shall receive TWO GUINEAS.
LOST, at or near the Victoria Station, on Tuesday,
8th instant, a GOLD SIGNET RING, green stone, with crest
engraved. TEN SHILLINGS REWARD on bringing it to 116, Bel¬
ave-road, S.W.
LOST, on Monday, the 30th ult., in William-street,
Knightsbridge, a WHITE POODLE DOG, ears tipped with very
light brown, and the same coloured spot on the back. Answers to the
name of "Prince." Whoever brings the same to the Alexandra Hotel,
Hyde-park-corner, shall receive TWO POUNDS REWARD. No fur¬

ONE POUND REWARD.—LEFT, in a Hansom,
between the hours of 9 and 10, on Saturday night, the 5th of May,
TWO PAPER BOXES, containing a walnut-wood envelope case and
blotting book. The fare was from Queen's-gardens to Glocester¬
crescent. Whoever will bring the same to 33, Queen's-gardens, shall
receive the above reward
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—KEYS LOST, on
Tuesday afternoon, in Cornhill—six or seven keys, on chain ring.
Apply to A. H. Baily and Co., 3, Royal Exchange-buildings.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—DOG LOST, on
Wednesday last, in New Palace-yard, between the hours of 8 and
10 in the morning—a large Fawn-coloured Deer Hound, answering to
the name of "Wolf." Whoever will return the same to the Refresh¬
ment Department, House of Lords, shall receive the above reward
TO BANKERS, Bill Brokers, and others. —LOST, in
transit through the post, a BILL of EXCHANGE for £200,
at three months' from March 2d, drawn by Joseph Brindley, of Ber¬
mondsey, upon, and accepted by George Mansfield and Son, contractors,
Henry-street, W. C. The bill is not endorsed by the drawer. Payment

TO CABMEN.—TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—
LEFT, in a CAB, which on Thursday morning, 10th inst., took two
gentlemen from the Waterloo Station, one to Somerset-house and the
other to Wimpole-street, a small GREEN ACCOUNT BOOK, of no
value to any one but the owner. Apply to R. Arbuthnot, Esq., 4, Albe¬
marle-street, W.
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Satur¬
day last, a small BUNCH of KEYS, on a chain. Apply at
No. 6, Clifford-street, Bond-street.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £89 10s. 11d. Consolidated
£3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of Rev.
CHARLES RANKEN CONY BEARE, Vicar of Pyrton, Oxon, and
Rev. WILLIAM JOHN CONYBEARE, of Clifton, Bristol, clerk, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners, in consequence of
the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th
January, 1856;—Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of
three months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and
the Dividends thereon paid, to Rev. Charles Ranken Conybeare, the
survivor, who has claimed the same unles some other claimant shall
sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—Nos. 302 and
397.—Woodhatch-lodge and Harper's Farm, Reigate, Surrey.—
In the matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Victoria, chap. 53, notice is
hereby given, that on the application of WILLIAM SETON BROWN,
of Holmesdale-house, Nutfield, in the county of Surrey, Esquire, the
Registrar of the Office of Land Registry intends, at the expiration of
three calendar months from the date hereof, to REGISTER with an
indefeasible TITLE, firstly (No. 302), the HEREDITAMENTS called
or known as Woodhatch-lodge and Harper's Farm, in the parish of
Reigate, in the county of Surrey, containing 127a. Ir. 35p., or there¬
about in hand, bounded in part on or towards the north, by Smoke¬
lane, and in part on or towards the east by Mead Hole-lane, and on or
towards the west by the public road from Reigate, delineated on the
map No. 302, deposited in the Office of Land Registry as part of the de¬
scription of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, to¬
gether with the mines and minerals under the same ; and, secondly
(No. 397), the several rent charges payable in lieu of and commutation
for the tithes of corn, grain, and hay of the hereditaments numbered
1438 to 1447, both inclusive, 1443a, 1477 to 1490, both inclusive, and
1501 to 1505 both inclusive, in the appointment of the tithe commuta¬
tion rent charge for the parish of Reigate, in the county of Surrey,
and on the plan sherein referred to. If any person objects-to, or
desires to show cause against, such registration, or claims that
the same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that
any particular estate or incumbrance, charge, or liability, not already
proved or admitted before the Registrar should be entered on the
register with reference to such hereditaments, such person may
be heard at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at
any time before the expiration of the said three calendar months from
the date hereof, personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit
or otherwise, to make such objection, or to show cause against, or to
make such claim in respect of such registration. But any person
desiring to make such objection or claim must lodge the same in
writing, stating the particulars thereof, and with his name and ad¬
dress thereto, in the Office of Land Registry before the expiration of
the said three calendar months from the date hereof, otherwise he
will be excluded from making the same. The said map of the
said hereditaments deposited in the Office of Land Registry may be
inspected at the said office at any time before the expiration of the
said three calendar months from the date hereof.—Dated this 12th
aaseagsema
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
FRESHFIELDS and NEWMAN, Solicitors to the Applicant.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the ESTATES of
MOUNT ROSE and PLAISANCE, in the Island of Grenada,
are WITHDRAWN from public SALE. Offers by private bargain will
be received by M. Campbell, jun., Esq., Glasgow; or McLachian,
Ivory, and Rodger, 25, Castle-street, Edinburgh.
ADULTERATION.—PUBLIC NOTICE.—Act
25 and 26 Vic., cap. 88.—Several makers of cheap baking powders
have imitated the wrappers of BORWICK's ORIGINAL BAKING
POWDERS so closely that consumers have been deceived thereby, to
the injury of the reputation of Borwick's Baking Powder; this is to
give notice, that for the better protection of the public, the under¬
signed has adopted an entirely NEW TRADE LABEL (duly regis¬
tered), and to imitate which is felony.
All persons forging the labels will be prosecuted under the Act 25
and 26 Vic., cap. 88.
GEORGE BORWICK.
No. 24, Chiswell-street, February, 1866.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mrs. ABBOTT (late of
51, Oxford-street) begs to announce to her numerous friends and
connexions that her BUSINESS has been REMOVED to Clarkington
and Co.'s, 246 and 248, Regent-street.
THE OFFICES of Messrs. ALEX. F. RIDGWAY
and SONS, army, civil service, and colonial agents, have been
REMOVED from Nos. 39, 40, and 41, Leicester-square, to No. 2, Water¬
loo-place, Pall-mall, S.W.
CREMORNE.—Grand and Novel Balloon Ascent,
Monday next, May 14, 1866.—The FIRST ASCENT of JACKSON's
AERIAL NAVIGATOR, caiculated from the improvements the inven¬
tor has introduced to lessen the difficulty of guiding balloons, will
take place at 6 o'clock. Infiation at 3.
THE ROYAL GARDENS, CREMORNE (E. T.
SMITH, Proprietor), are OPEN for the season. The gates open
daily at 4 p.m. These splendid pleasure gardens are now in resplendent
beauty, and the trees, shrubs, and lawns, clothed in the bright and de¬
licate foliage of spring, were never seen to greater advantage. Great as
are the natural beauties of Cremorne, the appliances of art have been
called into requisition on a grand scale, to complete the attractions of
these world-renowned gardens. Among many novel and striking fea¬
tures will be found a new and magnificent picture, giving a vivid and
truthful representation of the city of Florence, the capital of Italy, cover¬
ing a space of 60,000 square feet. The new and magnificent Cirque and
Amphitheatre, designed and erected by Mr. John Sloman, the largest
and most commodious in England, is now completed, and in order to
produce grand spectacles and ballet, on a scale of unparalleled grandeur,
engagements have been entered into with the following eminent
artistes:—Signorina Olympia, première danseuse of the principal
theatres of Italy and France; Signorina Eugenie, première danseuse
of La Scala, Fenicé, and the Opera in Paris; Signor Stella, maitre
de ballet and premier danseur of Vienna, Dresden, and Paris;
who will all appear on Monday next, May 14, supported by
Mesdames Caroline Parkes, Nelly Nesbitt, Louise Laidlaw,
Minnie Sidney, Marian, M. Milano, and the Brothers Rowella,
with a corps de ballet of eighty ladies. The stage arrange¬
ments by Mr. T. H. Friend. Balletmaster, M. Milano. The
splendid Scenery by Mesrsrs. C. and W. Brew. In the Grand
Circus a series of splendid Equestrian Entertainments will be
given, in which the following eminent artistes will appear for the
first time in England:—Mdlle. Leontine Artizelli, première éques¬
trienne, from Renz's and Hinne's Cirques; Mdile. Louise Wells, from
the Cirque Vienna; and Mdlle, Pauline Wilson, from the Cirque Ro¬
main; les Frères Casuanl; Mr. John Wilson (late of Hinne's, Renz's,
Dejongue's, and Price's Cirques, Berlin, Vienna, Paris, and Madrid)
has also been specially engaged for Cremorne. Mr. E. T. Smith feels
pleasure in being able to announce the first appearance of this artiste
in London, as he stands pre-eminent in his profession, the foreign
press and public having accorded to Mr. Wilson that high position.
Mons. Artizelli, the wondrous Somersault Wire Performer and
Equestrian (from the principal Continental Cirques): also Adolphe
Wells (from Hinne's Cirque); Mr. George Perkes, the Acro¬
batic Horseman; Mr. John Wells, the great English Horseman;
Master Perkes, the Infant Wonder; with Signors Delavanti and
Almonte, the unapproachable Grotesques and Gymnasts; the
talented Elliott Family; and the celebrated Great Little Rowella and
his brother Adolphe. The performances being under the superinten¬
dence of Mr. George Douglas Francis (late Acting Manager of Howe's
and Cushing's Great United States Circus). A Series of Illustrations
of Shakspeare's Characters, in large Transparent Paintings, are illumi¬
nated nightly in the Great Flrework Temple. The elegant Ballet
Theatre has been Redecorcted throughout, and several novelties are
in active preparation, which will tend to sustain the high reputation
of this Establishment for Ballet Divertissement. In the Marionette
Theatre will be exhibited M. Lawrence's Magnificent Historical
and Classical Tableaux, illustrated by accomplished artistes, and
Displayed with extraordinary effect by means of the Electric and
Prismatic Lights. In the Grand Hall Signor Farini, the world
renowned artiste, who crossed the rapids above Niagara on stilts, on a
wire stretched from the Canadian to the American shore, will, with
the graceful daring and wondrous boy, El Nino, exhibit his marvel¬
lous performance, entitled Doupangymnastickesacrostation. One of
the leading attractions of Cremorne has always been the great display
of fireworks, and arrangements are entered into to produce a series of
artistic exhibitions, which will surpass the most brillant effects for
which these gardens were renowned in their highest celebrity. For
this purpose a Grand Pavilion, with lofty towers, is erected in the
centre of the gardens, and the brillant effect of the Golden Fires
elicits enthusiastic cheers. An engagement has also been made
with the great original Buono Core, the Fire King, who will
nightly enter a blazing furnace, 20 feet in length, and pass
calmly through a blaze that would destroy a house. Signor
Locea's Learned Goats and Deer will afford mirth for the million, and a
constant succession of entertainments, acrobatic, terpsichorean, and
athletic, will continue from the opening till the closing of the gardens,
the gates of which will be opened daily at 4, at which hour the
Cremorne band (leader, Mr. Hawkes) will perform a popular selection
of music. Dancing will commence at 8 to the magnificent music of
Marriott's band, and will continue till the close of the gardens. The
vast resources of the hotel department, with its admirable cuisine, will
afford satisfaction to the most exigeant epicure, and the proprietor is
determined that the present season shall prove the crowning triumph
of Cremorne. The Cremorne supper, from 9 till 1 o'clock, 2s. 6s. The
table d'hote on Sundays, at 6 o'clock, 2s. 6d. Admission to the gardens,
1s. On Sundays by refreshment ticket. Proprietor, Mr. E.T. Smith.
Manager, Mr. W. Corbyn.
GREMORNE-GARDENS.—GRAND OPENING,
Monday, May 14th. First night of Marriott's Grand Quadrille,
called "the Ger  n  aan.
IGHBURY BARN, Islington. Sole proprietor,
E. GIOVANNELLI.—The grand OPENING of these world¬
GARDENS for the summer season will take place THIS
EVENING. Dancing on the gorgeous crystal platform. Open at
half-past 6. Admission 1s.
SWITZERLAND.—A clergyman, starting early in
June for a few weeks tour in Switzerland, will be happy to take
CHARGE of a YOUNG GENTLEMAN, Address K. L. P., Messrs,
Riviggton's, 3, W.
London
