TO A. T. D.—COME HOME, we implore you, or
write.
TO. Z.— Why don't you WRITE? I fear you did not
receive my last. Write soon to the same address.
MARAH SPARROW, who received a small LEGACY
in 1829, is now entitled for her personal representative) to a similar

IF this should MEET the EYES of HUGH SMITH,
late of Newarthill, Scotland, N.B., he is requested to COMMUs
NICATE with his brother.
THE LADY who was seen to PICK UP a GOLD
WATCH and CHAIN on the 10th inst., in the narrow passe
leading to the Lock Chapel, is requested to COMMUNICATE with
J. F., at 9, Kensington-park-road, Notting-hill.
THE LADY and GENTLEMAN who were taking
refreshment in Brown's, pastrycook, Ludgate-hill, corner of
Ave Maria-lane, on Saturday evening, the 6th November instant, be¬
tween 6 and half-past 6, will greatly oblige by immediately FOR¬
WARDING their NAMES and ADDRESSES to Messrs. Evans and

IN Re ROBERT GIBSON, deceased. —"Fercuson v.
Gibson."—FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, or MISSING, a
DEED, dated 3d December, 1849, and made between James Giblett of
the first part, Robert Gibson of the second part, and John Boydell
Gibson of the third part, whereby a certain freehold piece of land,
known as Croutts, in the parish of Sandhurst, in the county of Berks,
containing about 22a. 2r. 38p., was conveyed to the said Robert Gibson.
Whoever will take such deed to Messrs. Cooke and Holmes, solicitors,
Wokingham, shall receive the above reward.
IN the Matter of MARY ANN BROWN, a person
of unsound mind, so found by inquisition.—Under the provisions
of the "Lunacy Reguiation Act," 1853, any person or persons claimin
be the HEIR or HEIRS at LAW of the said MARY ANN
BROWN (widow of Thomas Peach Brown, formerly of Tansor-lodge.
near Oundle, in the county of Northampton, farmer (who died in the
year 1860), formerly Mary Ann Ekins, spinster, who has since the year
1861 been an inmate of various lunatic asylums, and is now an inmate
of the Lunatic Asylum called Abington Abbey, situate near North¬
ampton, or claiming to be entitled under the statutes for the distribu¬
tion of Intestates' Estates (in case she were now dead intestate) to
her personal estate, are, on or before the 18th day of December, 1869,
by their solicitors to come in and prove their heirship or kindred before
the Masters in Lunacy, at their office, No. 45, Lincoln's-inn-fields, in
the county of Middlesex; or, in default thereof, they will be peremp¬
torily precluded from the benefit of all proceedings in the above
matter. —Dated this 10th day of November, 1869.
BAXTER, ROSE, and NORTON, 6, Victoria-street,
Westminster, Solicitors for the Committee
THE COMMITTEE of Mrs. GLADSTONES
CONVALESCENT HOME most gratefully ACKNOWLEDGE
the receipt of £1,000, from N. P. T., paid to Sir Samuel Scott and Co.
THE DIRECTORS of the BRITISH ORPHAN
ASYLUM, Slough (formerly at Clapham-rise), ACKNOW¬
LEDGE, with very sincere thanks, a munificent DONATION of
£1,000, paid by "R. W. T." to Messrs. Williams, Deacon, and Co.,
for the benefit of this old-established, unendowed, national institution,
at a time when there is urgent necessity for increased resoures
Offices, 73, Cheapside.
FRED MACKENZIE, Secretary.
LOST, from a Carriage, standing in Trafalgar¬
squan
on Wednesday evening, between 6 and 7 o'clock, a
MEDICAL VISITING LIST. ONE POUND REWARD will be
given on the book being delivered at 67, Harley-street, Cavendish¬
square, or the Porter at the Union Club.—November 18th.
TWO POUNDS REWARD. LOST, in an Omnibus,
on Thursday evening, Nov. 11, about 5 o'clock, between Fleet-street
and Charing-cross, a DIPLOMA of FELLOW of the ROYAL COL¬
LEGE of SURGEONS, belonging to Edward James Shearman, of
Rotherham.. Whoever will take it to Mr. James, Morley's Hotel,
Trafalgar-square, shall receive the above reward. No higher reward
will be offered as it is of no use to any one but the owner.
THIRTY SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on
the 17th inst., a BLACK LEATHER BAG, with leather handle,
containing papers of no value except to the owner. Whoever may
have found the same, on delivering it at No. 13, Cambridge-gardens,
Notting-hill, shall receive the above reward. The bag was lost between
Baker-street Station and Berkeley-street, Portman-square.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a BROWN
PAPER PARCEL. Left at Erith, in the 4.43 train from Cannon¬
street to Dartford, on Tuesday, 16th November; containing papers of
no value to a stranger. The above reward will be paid on delivery of
the parcel to Messrs. Tilleard and Co., 34, Old Jewry, London.
TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—STOLEN,
FOUR very fine and rare SARD SCARABAEI; two long-tapered
onyx drops, without any white mark, about two inches long, very
rare ; one drop-shape onyx: two pointed oval onyxes; one opal and
diamond ring, centre opal broken; and some 18-carat gold cuttings,
one piece having formed the side of a locket, with the centre cut out.
Whoever will give such information as shall lead to the conviction of
the thief shall receive the above reward; and another £20 will be paid
for the restoration of the stolen property, on applying to Mr. John
Brogden, 16, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden.
DOG LOST (TWO POUNDS REWARD), from
13, Grove-end-road, N.W., on Nov. 16th inst.—a small Black
Retriever with white on chest. Answers to "Carlo.
FOUND, in Bond-street, a FIVE POUND BANK

of ENGLAND NOTE. Owner can have it on giying date and
number, and paying expenses. Address A., 81, Mornington-rd., N.W.
FOUND, in St. James's-street, a FIVE POUND
NOTE. Owner can have it on giving date and number to Henry
ilson, cigar importer, 60, Pall-mall, S.W
COLUMBIA MISSION.—There being an ADVER¬
TISEMENT headed "Columbia Mission," signed by J. Garrett,
D.D., asking funds to bring home his brother from B. Columbia,
"whose leg has been broken and health shattered in the Columbia
Mission," we beg to state that from letters dated October 4th last the
said brother of D. Garrett was then in full exercise of his duties, in
the enjoyment of good health, and with a good income in the least
expensive part of the colony; also that J.Garrett has had no authority
given him by any one connected with the management of the Mission
for the use that he makes of the heading "Columbia Mission."
HERBERT ROWSELL, Cler. Sec. to the Columbia
G. P. ARDEN, Esq., Lay, Sec.
Missior.
To the BARBADOES SUGAR MERCHANTS of LONDON and
BARBADOES.
entlemen,
THE season for Barbadoes sugar which we are just
now passing through being of such a very unsatisfactory cha¬
racter, I trust you will not think it presumption n o e
te I re¬
spectfully submit to your notice a few observations which I think may
be beneficial to all concerned. Having been a dealer in Barbadoes
sugar for the last 35 years, I can safely say that some improvement is
necessary so as to secure a more reliable turn-out.
guying and selling ought to be mutually advantageons, and a man¬
ought to have what he buys, and get what he pays for; but now, if a
man buys 20 hhds, of Barbadoes sugar by given samples, the chances
are that he will not get more than half that quantity equal to what he
bought; indeed, in some cases of a "rascally turn-out," a loss of £5 or
£6 is sometimes experienced in a single hogshead, besides the great
nuisance of being burdened with a quantity of unsuitable sugar. This,
of course, gives rise to disappointment, wrangling, and general dis¬
satisfaction, and calls loudly for a remedy. Nothing wrong ought to
remain unaltered; we all ought to progress and go on, not stand still
and rub on, especially when improvements can easily be made. Laxity
is a kind of passive vice, quite unworthy of men of business.
Barbadoes sugar is a favourite, and if some improvement could be
made in its preparation no moist sugar could excel it.
What is required is, a sugar so well prepared that those who buy
it could depend upon getting what they buy. This could be accom¬
plished if sufficient means were taken to prepare the sugar suitable
for the grocer's use before being packed. Colour for perhaps it
should be the absence of colour, whiteness), dryness, bright, blooming
complexion, sweetness, and good flavour, with a moderate grain, are
the principal qualities required. Should this, however, entail any
extra expense, never mind, produce money's value, and you will get
value in money returned, and have the satisfaction of placing the Bar¬
badoes sugar trade on a fair and honourable footing.
The package, too, is also open to improvement. Everything for
man's use ought to be suitable to man's strength. Hogsheads are un¬
wieldy lumbering packages, inconvenient at every step. It is some¬
times almost fearful to witness hogsheads of sugar, 18 or 19cwt, each,
rolling out of a van in our over-crowded streets, with a kind of sulky
heedless smash, as though they didn't care whether they broke people's
limbs or not. Suitable bags of 1acwt, each would be a most agreeable
and beneficial substitute. Barres have been substituted instead of
unwieldy butts in the currant trade, and why not substitute suitable
bags for unwieldy hogsheads in the sugar trade? Packing in bagt
would of course necessitate that the sugar should be thoroughly well
prepared beforehand, or the compression of bag upon bag would sub¬
ject the sugar to become woolly and deficient of bloom.
Trading is an honourable pursuit when conducted honourably
and I hold it to be the duty of every seller, great or small, to do all
he possibly can to insure that the article sold shall be what it is repre¬
sented to be, and equal to what the customer agrees to buy and has
to pay for.
Bag packing would also much facilitate the distribution of the sugar
all over England.
With very great deference, gentlemen, I submit these observations
to your notice, and feel confident that if you would lend your power¬
ful aid the Barbadoes sugar trade would be placed on a more satisfac¬
tory footing than it has ever yet held.
I beg to remain, Gentlemen, your most obedient servant,
A. TEETGEN, Teadealer and Grocer.
No. 67, Bishopsgate-street within, and Kinglane.
ORTH-EAST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—FOREST-GATE SCHOOL DISTRICT.—I, the under¬
signed Thomas Wrake Ratcliff, attorney-at-law, Auditor of the above¬
named district, do hereby give notice that I have appointed the
AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the said School District, for the half¬
year ended the 29th of September, 1869, to commence on Thursday,
the 2d day o f
December, 1869, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, at the
Poplar Union Workhouse, High-Street, Poplar, when and where all
persons who by law are bound to account at such audit are required
to attend, and to submit all books, documents, bills, and vouchers
containing or relating to the accounts, or to moneys assessed for.
and applicable to, the relief of the poor. Dated the 17th day of
November, 1869.
THOS. W. RATCLIFF District Auditor.
NEXT of KIN.—A large BOOK, full of Advertise¬
ments and Names inquiring for Next of Kin, Heirs, and Legatees
Wanted to claim deceased relations' effects, that have appeared in
The Times, also country and colonial newspapers for the past 50
years, sent post free for 12 penny stamps, by FISHER and SON,
publishers, Bloomfield-street, Kingsland, London. Established 1847.
UNCLAIMED MONEY:—
ARMSTRONG, John, Fenchurch-street, merchant; 1826.
BARBOR, Robert, Fetter-lane, solicitor; 1834.
CHURCH, John Barber, of London, Esq.; 1834.
DALLAS, Robert, London, merchant; 1800.
DANIELL, Edward, Glocester-place, New-road, gentleman; 1840.
DUNCAN, Robert, Edgware-road, gentleman; 1826,
FISHER, John Morris, St. John's-sq., Clerkenwell, attorney; 1846.
GASCOYNE, Fredk Hughes, Bruton-street, hairdresser; 1861.
GREY, William, Holborn-court, Gray's-inn, attorney; 1825.
HALES, Julia Emma, Duke-street, Manchester-square; 1856.
MILLER, Henry Chenies-street, Bedford-square, army agent; 1816.
NEWTON, W., King-Street, St. James's, wine merchant; 1825.
RICHARD, Anna Margaretta, Prince's-pl., Kennington, spinster; 1825.
SMART, John. Park-place, Regent's-park, portrait painter; 1820.
WILLIAMS, John, 5, Verulam-buildings, Gray's-inn, attorney; 1828.
The above parties, or their representatives, can hear of something to
their benefit by applying to Mr. W. G. ENSCOE, accountant,
No. 137, Blackfriars-road, London, S.E.
CAUTION.—JOSEPH GILLOTTS STEEL PENS,
—The public are respectfully cautioned that the genuine PENS
are stamped with the name in full, and that a fac-simile of J. G.'s sig¬
nature is appended to each box.
CAUTION.—Messrs. UNWIN and ALBERT, per¬
fumers to the Royal Family, 24, Piccadilly, caution purchasers of
AURICOMUS FLUID against imitations of their registered article,
for producing golden hair. Agents for America, H. Levy and Brother,
No. 49, Maiden-lane, New York; Paris, F. Lecomte, rue de la Paix.
CAUTION.—Betts' Patent Cansules.—The public are
respectfully cautioned that BETTS' PATENT CAPSULES are
being INFRINGED by importations from abroad. Betts' name is
upon every capsule he makes fer leading merchants at home and
abroad.—1, Wharf-road, City-road, London, April 8, 1868, and Bor¬
deaux, France.
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
Opticians to the Government, beg to caution their customers
against purchasing spectacles of travellers in the country using their
name. Messrs. S, have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of obe
taining the genuine tinted and registered achromatic lenses should
apply only direct to them, at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly.
CAUTION.—IRISH POPLINS.—Messrs. INGLIS
d TINCKLER, in answer to numerous inquiries, think it
necessary to state that they have no connexion whatever with any
house in College-green, Dublin, and that their poplins can only be
obtained at their London establishment, 167, Regent-street, or from
their manufactory, 7 and 8, Eustace-st., Dublin. Patterns post free.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHERS QUEENS READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPE LAMPS, as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family.—The public are CAUTIONED against
inferior imitations. M. Pillischer, optician, 88, New Bond-street, being
the sole inventor and manufacturer of these celebrated lamps. Draw¬
ings and prices post free. No aen
CAUTION.—JENNER and KNEWSTUB,
patentees of the ABC Despatch Box, beg respectfully to caution
the public against the deceptive and useless imitations of their ELGIN
WRITING-CASE, which is to be had only of the inventors and manu¬
facturers, Jonner and Knewstub, to the Queen, 33, St. James's-street,
and 66, Jermyn-street.
CAUTION.—BENTLEYS TABLES.—On the
11th November instant His Honour Vice-Chancellor Malins
granted a PERPETUAL INJUNCTION, at the suit of the Pruden¬
btial Assurance Company, against Joseph Bentley, of 13, Paternoster¬
row, London, restraining the defendant from publishing, circulating,
or exhibiting his report, pamplilets, or tables containing erroneous
statements injuricus to the reoutation and credit of the Company.
The Prudential Assurance Company therefore caution all persons
and companies against selling, circulating, or exhibiting the tables,
books, or pamphlets of the defendant, containing such talse and in¬
jurious statements. —Dated 14th November, 186
BARNARD and COMPANY, 148, York-road, Lambeth,
Solicitors to the said Compans.
