. M. REG.—Where are details of payments of
.
A. F. B.—RETURN instanter.—J. D., Charles-street.
o
GEORGE would be glad if A. C. will put the
remainder of his (George's) initials in The Times, so that there
should be no mistake.
MR. A. GABRIEL.—J'al regu enfin votre lettre;
mille remerciments. Ecrivez toujours à present an No. 91, Strand.
Votre tres obligé, A.E
IF this should MEET the EYE of Mrs. MARIA
HALL, late of St. Helena, a LETTER of importance AWAITS
HER at the General Post-office.
JANE ALEXANDER is requested to WRITE
AGAIN to the lady with whom she came home, in June last,
giving her address, as a letter sent to post office, Ballymena, Ireland,

A.C., who left his uncle's residence, on the 28th of
July, is earnestly requested to RETURN HOME, or imme¬
diately to write to his friends, to relieve their anxiety respecting him.
Your presence will not be required in the arrangement of the business.
GUILDFORD.—If the LADY or GENTLEMAN,
who left Waterloo Station by the 7 p.m. train on Monday, the
17th inst., having with them a large glass shade, will SEND their
ADDRESS to J. B. T., H.M.S. Victory, Portsmouth, they will receive
the money they left on the seat (first-class carriage), the charge for this
advertisement being deducted.
JOSPITAL for CONSUMPTION and DIS¬
EASES of the CHEST, Bro.
The Committee of Manage¬
ment have had the pleasure of RECEIVING from an anonymous
benefactress the handsome sum of £250 as a DONATION in ald of the
Charity, for which kind and seasonable help the Committee hereby
tender their most grateful thanks.—Brompton, August 20, 186.

LOST, a BUNCH of KEYS, between Belgrave¬
square and Whitehall, on Thursday, the 20th inst. ONE GUI¬
NEA REWARD will be paid to any body bringing the same to the

LOST, at the Crystal Palace, on the 20th inst., a
GOLD SLEEVE STUD (probably attached t
ce enamelled border and pearl centre. FIVE SHILLINGS RE¬
WARD will be given on its restoration to Mr. Henry Green, 5, Chan¬

LOST, on Wednesday, the 18th inst, a BUNCH of
KEYS (two of them Chubb's patent), between the Eyre Arms,
St. John's-wood, the Bank, and Shoreditch Station. Any person bring¬

Dueen's-terrace, St. John's-wood,
shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
LOST, on the 19th inst., between 42 and 46, Wilton¬
crescent, Belgrave-square, TWO NOTES of the BANK of ENG¬
LAND, £5 each, Nos. 54693 and 54646. Whoever will bring the same
tationer, Knightsbridge, shall receive TEN SHIL¬
LINGS REWARD. The payment has been stopped at the Bank of
England.
LOST, on Thursday, the 20th inst., in the neighbour¬
hood of West Smithfield, a WHITE BULL TERRIER, with a
brown patch over one eye; answers to the na e
d d a
collar on with "Crofton" scratched on the plate. TEN SHILLINGS
REWARD will be paid if brought to Messrs. Crofton and Rippons,
No. 61, Bartholomew-close, West Smithfield. Any person found de¬
taining him after this notice will be prosecute.
LEFT, at a tavern, in the city, about the end of
February or beginning of March, a GOLD WATCH and AP¬
PENDAGES. The owner can have it by giving a proper description
and paying expenses on application by letter to-C. W., at Mr. Howell's,
advertising agent, Deacon's Coffeehouse, 3, Walbrook, city.
BILL LOST, £2,600 (Notice to Bankers), drawn
by Messrs. Moses and Co., Hongkong, on, and accepted by,
Messrs. S. D. Sassoon and Co., London, dated Hongkong, June, 1863,
specially endorsed to the Agent of the Central Bank of Western India,
to whom apply, at 22, Old Broad-street, E.C.—Lond.
on, Aug. 14, 186
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on the 3d of
August, a COVERED MOROCCO LEATHER WRITING.
DESK, with name, "George Sawer," inside the cover-flap. It was left
on counter of cloak room, at Southampton Station, for 5.10 express—
contents of no value to any but the owner. Any one returning the
same to 14, Waterloo-place, Pall-mall, shall receive the above reward.
SO.
R POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, July 29,


land-place, a rather large WHITE
DOG, with ta i l e ie.
in complete circle, yellows.

at e  dn
two patches on the back: answers to the name of "Don." Whoever
will bring the same to G. Smith, 26, Bidborough-Street, W.C., shall
receive the above r ee,
th e n on
will be offered, being

tect u a l valne o f th e doe.
FIVE C
N.
REWARD.—LOST,
m Thursday,

taoher in a four-wheel ca or while getting out of
te th e e a s t ese e

poosit.
the end of New
Br.
et, a GREEN MOROROROO Ee.
gton-s.
HHER PURSE, with

an ne it ht or 10 sovereigns and two

Whoever brings th a e
to Mr. R.
res,
oe ielice
stationer, Arabe
thall receive the ab ves
rd.
NDE
N SE.
ED POUNDS REWARD.—Bank of
England Notes Lost.—LOST, on the 15th inst., the following
BANK of ENGLAND NOTES, payment of which has been stopped.
one for £1,000, dated 14th November, 1861; two for £200 each, dated
4th July, 1862, Nos. 72936 and 72937 ; eight for £10 each; and four for
£5 each. A reward of £100 will be paid to any person restoring the
said notes, or in proportion to the amount thereof restored. Informa¬
tion to be given to Inspector Hamilton, City of London Police,
Detective-office, 26, Old Jewry, E.C. N.B. All persons are herewith
cautioned against negotiating any of the said notes.
FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—To Parish Clerks
and others, having the Custody of Register Books of Births and
Ch.
tenings in London and its Environs.—The a

given to anyone who will furnish the undersigned with a CE
TIFI¬
ACATE of
L


BENJAMIN


o of Benjamin
Booth and Elizabeth Willet. The said Benje.
a Booth, or Benjamin
Booth Willet, was born between the e a r.
1770 and 1790, became a
ae d e¬
ent to reside at Merida y Yucatan, Mexico, about
the year 1811.—Henry and Fredk. Chester, 1, Church-row, Newington

FOUND, TWO FIVE-POUND BANK of ENG¬
LAND NOTES, near Belgrave-square. The owner can have the
same by paying all expenses and stating numbers by applying to Mrs.
A. Howell, 41, Wilton-crescent, Belgrave-square.
FOUND, in the garden of Skindie's Hotel, Maiden¬
head, a SUM of MONEY. The owner can have it on sending
particulars and paying the expenses ofndvertisement. Address
M. E., Taylor's library, High-Street, Windsor.
NEXT of KIN.—THOMAS WILDEY deceased.—
The NEXT of KIN of THOMAS WILDEY, who died in Ame¬
rica, are requested to apply to Mr. Greenwood, Treasury, Whitehall,
London.—21st August, 1863.
NOTICE.—f WILLIAM WHITEWOOD (who
was a freman on board the Margaret and Jessie, and formerly
fireman in the Stonewall, trading from Nassau), will SEND his pro¬
sent ADDRESS to J. S., 30, Cornwall-stre
Everton, Liverpool, he
will HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE. If this should
meet the eye of his wife (who is supposed to reside in the Isle of Wight)
she is requested to send her address without delay
AUDI, Vide, Tace.—POLLAKY, 14, George-street,
Mansion-house.
MISSING FRIENDS, Next of Kin, &c.—IN¬
QUIRIES instituted in the United States of America, Canada,
A.
the British Colonies; or en
 e nn
rtisements inserte.
for persons who have been lost sight
 n leg

attended to at home and an



for to e
erty, &c., for the last 150 years.—
GUN and
te e and Colonial
nhets,
Gresham-house, E.C.
OUNTY REGISTRETETEI 
186
.Liberals ob¬
jected to for any county in England and Wales, and not knowing
to whom to

Joemmunicate with the under¬
signe

eral Registration Association,
s
S.
lament-street, London.
THOMAS NIOO
SROBER e.
tary
OE
Se 
Hnow
t n.
an.

ot


tietst t s high

ersigned JOSEPH JROSE

Brompton Hall, in the pea i e 
Kensington, in the county of Middle¬

a a Con sal for Montee,
er

aien.
ons, determined to ASSUME and henceforth USE the SUR¬
GAME of ELLIS in addition to my own family name of
tae  e e a es,
my last and principal surname. I do hereby declare that I shall at all
timnese e are
all
aet ts unts, andn
te e n
ealings
and transactions, and on all occasions whatsoever, use the surname
Ellis in addition to the said surname of Joel, and as my last an
principal surname; and I hereby expressly authorize and desire every
person whomsoever to designate and describe me by such
rname ac¬
cordingly. In witness whereof I have to these presents set and affixed
my hand and scal this 19th day of August, 1863.

PROCLAMATION, ADMITTING CATTLE into
the PROVINCE of OTAGO from QUEENSLAND, Tasmania,
and Twofold Bay, in New South Wales, by the Hon. John Hyde Harris,
Esq., Superintendent of the said Province.—Whereas by a proclama¬
tion dated the 5th day of June, 1862, the Superintendent of the
Province of Otago, by virtue of the powers delegated to him
under the "Diseased Cattle Act, 1861," did proclaim and declare
that after the date of the said proclamation all districts, places,
and ports wheresoever, out of the main land of the north and
middle Islands of New Zealand, should be deemed to be infected
districts within the meaning and for the purposes of the said Act.
Aand whereas the Governor in Council hath by warraut under his
hand delegated to me, John Hyde Harris, so long as I shall hold the
office of Superintendent of the Province of Otago, the several powers
vested in the Governor by the 2d, 4th, 5th, 7th. 9th, and 10th sections
of the said act, subject to be rescinded as in the said Act is provided,
and subject to the regulations issued by the Governor in Council on
the 1st day of October, 1861: And whereas by the 4th of the said re¬
gulations it is provided that in the exercise of the powers delegated
under the 9th section of the sai e ete.
the superintendent of any pro¬
vince may from time to t
by proclamation in the Government


rescind any proclamation of an infected dis¬
wo y o r as to any

hereof. Now
erefore I, t.
e

Harris, by virtue of the powers vested in me in this behalf, doe
mereby proclaim and deciare te
IND
NEW E.
toe e.


STION of the 5th day of June, 1862.

clates to the colony oe ae
the colony of Tasmanis, and the
District of

ofold Bay, in th e o o n 
South Wales
ae d o hereby declare tha t th e
ta districts shall no t o e e e
ate hereof until further notice, be deemed to be infected districts


the purposes of the above-mer
Ha n  e 
And I deo
te are that it shall be
o e the
said Superintendent, to allow cattle to be lar.
daed from vessels from the
Chatham Islands, subject to such conditions and restrictions as I may
pedient and the circumstances of any ca
deen.
may rege
Given
a ner my hand and iss
under
e Public Seal of the Pro
this
vin.
a  Otago, at Dune n,
ahe of June, 186
JOHN
YDEH , in.
nendent.
By His Honon
an n,
FIII

S. Acting Proi.
al Secretary.
BOEREOELENE
ATION, PROHIBITING the
I¬
PORTATION o
SOEANESITEOT DLE
from Po.
ALBeRT, in Gipps.

into the Province of Otago, by the Honourable
Nhn Hyde
Harris, Esquire,
Supcrintendent of the said Provi
C.—

aeesos
eed Cattle Act, 1861."


Zealand, it is.

ne e ime it
o appear to

Governor that any infectious or con
tagious disease has broken out in any district out of the Colony, 1
shall be lawful for the Governor, by order in Council, to declare that
su ce distrie.
infected within the meaning of the Act, and fro
ime
make such reguiations, as.
to  timd
him shall seem fit, for prohibit¬

einto the Colony from such district, and the
dr.
landing
nh  of such cattle, and for destroying cattle importeo
landed,
o e en, contrary to such
un a.
a et  hereas, by

t the Governor in Council
at
ohis hand, from time to time, delegate to the
Superintendent of any province within the colony, all or any of the
aa

a de .
And whereas the Governor in Council bath, by warrant under his hand,
delegated to me, John Hyde Harris, so long as I shall hold the office
of Superintendent of the Province of Otago, the several powers vested
in the Governor by the 2d, 4th, 5th. 7th, 9th, and 10th sections of the
said Act. And whereas a proclamation was issued by the Superintendent
of the said Province of Otago, under the public seal of the said pro¬
vince, upon the 20th day of September last, admitting cattle from Port
Albert, in Gipps Land, which it is expedient partially to rescind, to the
intent that this proclamation may have full force and effect. And
whereas it has been made to appear to me th e¬
tia ain infectious
or contagious disease has broken out among cattle in the dis¬
tricts of Gipps Land aferesaid. Now therefore I, the said John Hyde
Harris, by virtue of the powers vested in me in this behalf, do hereby
RESCIND the aforesaid PROCLAMATION of the 20th of September.
1862,so far as relates to the exception therein contained in favour of Port
Albert in Gipps Land, and do hereby proclaim and declare that from
and after the date hereof, Port Albert in Gipps Land shall be deemed
an infected district, place, or port, within the meaning and for the
purposes of the abovementioned Act, and that no cattle from and after
the date hereof, until further notice, shall be permitted to be imported
into the province of Otago from Port Albert in Gipps Lane
Given under my hand, and issued under the Public Seal of the
Province of Otago, at Dunedin, this 2d day of June, 1863.
JOHN HYDE HARRIS, Superintendent.
TYRANNICAL ATROCITIES.—St. James's-hall.
erevening at 8; Wednesday, at 3. Madame CLARA
SEYTON SICARD will LECTURE on the Bourbon instruments of
torture, discovered in Palermo in 1860. The instruments exhibited
ol
ae er,
ed on living subjects.
Acmis
on 5s., 3s., 2s., 1s.
HL
N.
RATE of POTASSA, and its
SE.
in OXYDIZING the BLOOD.—Mr
J. P. SARGEANT,
M.R.C.S. and
S.A (1839), will shortly LECTURE on


Piccadilly, and will satisfactorily prove that chlorate
of potas
(as prepared by paesin



uently boiling a long time with chloride of
potassium) is a most active remedy for oxydizing the blood, and restor¬
ing vitality.
the low, vitiated state of the nervous system, and
therefor.
iculated to supersede the use of iron, mercury, quinine, and
sarsaparilla.—56, Gower-street, Bedford-square.
