OMEGA to L. M., Hampstead. There is a letter
you at the post-office, High-street. Please reply.
TO C. M.
Recewed your letter, from
Southampton, February 6th, and this is to assure you that, come
whenever you will, all will be forgiven and forgotten; only do so with¬
ont loss of time. —E. M.
JOSEPH VANDENBERGH, who formerly resided
at Shackelwell, Middlesex, and who has not been heard of for
many years, is informed that his sister, Mrs. Harriet Anne Adams.
died intestate on the 2d of July, 1867. He is requested to COMMU¬
NICATE, immediately, with the undersigned, who has administered
to the estate of the said Harriet Anne Adams, and who, in default of
receiving proof that the said Joseph Vandenbergh is living, will pro¬
ceed to distribute the estate according to law.—John Vandenbergh, 63,
Great Percy-street, Pentonville, London, W.C.
BILL of EXCHANGE for £400. —Whereas, a BILL
ensseenson,
drawn by C. F. Picard, Esq., on and accepted by L. J. Jordan, Esq.,
payable four months after date, at the London and Westminster Bank,
Stratford-place ; and whereas the said Bill has been LOST in trans¬
mission through the post-office:—All persons are hereby CAUTIONED

tt of which has been stopped.
Information respecting the said Bill to be addressed to Messrs. Edward
Lewis and Co., solicitors, 22, Great Marlborough-Street, Regent¬
street, W.
LOST, on Wednesday, in Kensington-gardens, a
BLACK and WHITE JAPANESE DOG, had on a blue collar,
with bell attached. Whoever will take it to Belgrave-mansions, shall
receive ONE POUND REWARL
LOST, in Glocester Cleveland, or Leinster terrace,
or Craven-hill, a SEALSKIN COLLARETTE, fined with brown
satinette. Whoever shall take it uninjured to Mr. Mitchel, baker,
No. 9, Charles-street, Cleveland-square, will receive TEN SHILLINGS

ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, a BROWN

CURLY DOG, with long fringy tail; answers to the name of
"Leo." Whoever will bring the same to 33, Nelson-square, Black¬

TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.—If the person
who picked up the wove ALBERT CHAIN, set with diamonds
and enamel, on Saturday night, about 8 o'clock, opposite Conduit¬
street, will take it to Edwd. W. Streeter, 37, Conduit-street, Bond¬
street, he shall receive the above reward.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 9th
inst., in or near Trinity Church, Paddington, a MOROCCO
PURSE, containing two Bank of England notes (payment stopped),
76781 and 76782, Nov. 25, 1867, half-sovereign, and some silver. Apply
at No. 11, Great Marlborough-Street, W.
FOUND, on the 6th inst, at 15, Hyde-park-gate, a
BROWN WATER RETRIEVER DOG. Whoever will identify
the same shall receive the dog on payment of the expenses of this
advertisement.
FOUND, a PURSE, containing money, in the neigh¬
bourhood of Bryanston-square. The owner can have it by givins
a full description of it, and paying the expenses, by applying to W.
Klosz, 47, Cambridge-street, Hyde-park.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £374 17s. 7d. New £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of HENRY SPARKE,
of Queen-street, Edgware-road, saddler, and ELIZABETH SPARKE,
his wife, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in conse¬
quence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since thel
10th October, 1850;—Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of
three months from this date, the said Stock will be Transferred, and
the Dividends thereon paid, to Elizabeth Sparke, widow, the survivor,
who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall sooner ap¬
pear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £236 13s. 8d. New £3 per Cent.
Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of HENRY SPARKE,
of Queen-street, Edgware-road, saddier, and which was transferred
to the said Commissioners in consequence of the dividends thereon
having remained unclaimed since the 10th October, 1850; Notice
is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from this date
the said Stock will be Transferred, and the Dividends thereon Paid,
to Elizabeth Sparke, widow, administratrix of Henry Sparke, de¬
ceased, who has claimed the same, unless some other claimant shall
ooner appear and make out his claim therete.
NEXT of KIN (new edition, never before published).
—A classified and descriptive INDEX (of 15,000 names gua¬
ranteed) to advertisements for next of kin, Chancery heirs
 from
1760 to 1867, sent post free for 30 stamps. Address Mr. CULLMER,
No. 17, Southampton-buildings, Chancer-lane, London, W
IN the Matter of REBECCA HUSSEY's BOOK
CHARITY.—Notice is hereby given that an order has been made
by the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales ap¬
pointing NEW TRUSTEES of the abovementioned Charity, for
the pupose of filling up the complete number of 13 trustees. A copy
of the order may be inspected, free of cost, daily (except on Sundays),
during the space of one calendar month, to be computed from the
first publication of this notice, at the office of Mr. John M. Clabon,
the solicitor of the Trustees, No. 21, Great George-street, Westmin¬
ster, between the hours of 11 a.m. and 3 p.m.; and at the office of
the said Commissioners, at No. 8, York-street, St. James's-square,
London, between the hours of 10 a.m. and 4p.m.—Dated this 7th day


TO RICHARD HURST, formerly of Whitby, York¬
shire.—Take notice, that a CITATION has issued out of Her
Majesty's Court of Probate, bearing date the 9th day of January, 1859,
calling upon you to accept or refuse the Letters of Administration of
all and singular the personal estate and effects of Edward Hurst,
late of Whitby aforesaid, shopkeeper, deceased (who died on the 19th
day of November, 1843, at Whitby aforesaid, intestate, a widower,
without child, leaving Margaret Douglass (wife of Andrew Douglass.
formerly Margaret Hurst, since deceased), his natural and lawful
mother, and only next of kin, and you, the said Richard Hurst (if
living), his natural and lawful brother, together the only persons en¬
titled in distribution to his personal estate and effects; and further
take notice, that the said citation contains an intimation that in de¬
fault of your appearing and accepting the said Letters of Administra¬
tion, the same will be granted to Jane Frankland, widow, of Whitby
aforesaid, the executrix of Richard Frankland, whilst living, the sole
executor of the said Margaret Douglass.—Dated this 8th day of Janu¬
ary, 1868.
A. F. BAYFORD, Registrar.
BELL, BRODRICK, and GRAY, Solicitors, Bow church¬
ars, London.
NOTICE to SHIPPERS.—A penalty of £20
attaches to all parties sending to the LONDON, ST. KATHE¬
RINE, or VICTORIA DOCKS for SHIPMENT GOODS of a COM¬
BUSTIBLE or otherwise DANGEROUS NATURE, without their
description being distinetly marked on the tops of the packages contain¬
ing the same, Sufficient information as to the nature of the goods must
also be contained in the Shipping Note, and such articles will not be
received at the docks until the export vessel is ready to take them on

Nitro-Glycerine or Glonoine Oil will not be received for shipment in
the docks under any circumstances.
T. W. COLLET, General Manager.
London and St. Katherine Docks House,
a  , e eal-str,
et, Feb., 1868.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the PARTNERSHIP
heretofore existing between us, the undersigned, Bernard Scalé
and James Scalé, carrying on business as upholsterers, at High-Street,
Peckham, in the county of Surrey, has been DISSOLVED, by mutual
consent, as from the 1st day of January last. All debts will be received
and paid by the said James Scalé, who will henceforth carry on the
said business on his own account.—Dated this 7th day of February,
1868.
BERNARD SCALE.
JAMES SCALE.
Witness—Fredk, Thos. Dubois, Solicitor, 3, Church¬
passage Gresham-street.
NOTICE.—Mr. D. PEARCE, artist and designer
in glass, late of 19, St. James's-street, begs to inform his friends
hat he is now in PARTNERSHIP with Messrs. W. P. and G.
PHILLIPS, 155, New Bond-street.
NOTICE to the SCHOLASTIC PROFESSION.—
Mr. F. S. DE CARTERET BISSON has not the slightest con¬
nexion with any Scholastic Agency in Brighton or in any other pro¬
vincial town, nor has any person authority to use his name or to act for
him.—Berners-chambers, 70, Berners-street, W.
RUENOS AYRES GOVERNMENT CERTIFI¬
CATE.—Transiation.—We, the undersigned, at the request of
Messrs. Jas. C. Thompson and Co., certify that the IRON SAFES of
Messrs. CHUBB and SON, Londen, of which these gentlemen are
agents, were exposed for several hours to the fire that took place in
the offices of the National Government on the evening of the 26th
instant; that in our presence they were casily opened with their re¬
spective keys; that the moneys and important documents they con¬
tained were found in perfect order ; and that these safes are now in
use in the National Treasury Office.
(Signed) J. M. DRAGO (Treasurer of the National
overnment).
JOSE TOMAS ROJO
JUAN M. ALVAREZ.
Atrue Copy—A. M. Bell.
Buenos Ayres. July 31, 1867.
CAUTION.—MINTON's CHINA.—Messrs.
PELLATT and Co., of 25, Baker-street, are the only representa¬
tives of Messrs. Minton and Co., for thesale of their china and manu¬
factures, in Baker-street.
CAUTION.—PILLISCHER's QUEEN's READ¬
ING and MICROSCOPIC LAMPS as supplied by him to Her
Majesty and the Royal Family. The public are cautioned against in¬
ferior imitations, M. Pillischer, eptician, 88, New Bond-street, being
the sole inventor and manufacturer of these celebrated lamps. Draw¬
ings and prices post free,
CAUTION.—Messrs. S. and B. SOLOMONS,
opticians to the Government, beg to caution persons against
purchasing spectacles of hawkers travelling in the country in their
name. Messrs. S. have no travellers, therefore persons desirous of
obtaining the genuine tinted lenses should apply only direct to them
at 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, opposite Crawley's Hotel.
CAUTION.—FOREIGN VINEYARD ASSOCIA¬
TION (Limited), Joint-Stock Wine Company, established 1854.—
The Directors, having learnt that letters intended for the Association
have miscaried, hereby give notice that this Company has no con¬
nexion with any other establishment, and particularly requests that all
orders and remittances be addressed to W. H. Palmer, Esq., Manager,
at their new offices, 200, Regent-street, W.
CAUTION.—The TEN GUINEA SUITES, in 18
carat gold, machine made, as advertised, are only to be procured
at 37, Conduit-street, Bond-street. Mr. STREETER finds it necessary
to make this announcement, as Sets of Ornaments, purporting to be of
his manufacture and of 18 carat gold, but in reality of much inferior
quality, are now being offered to the public. Purchasers are, therefore,
respectfully CAUTIONED (especially in the provinces) to have the
quality of gold stated on their invoice.—37, Conduit-street, Bond-street.
CAUTION.—FISHER's PATENT DRESSING
BAG.—Parties are hereby CAUTIONED against any infringe¬
ment of the patent right that Fisher has in the above bag. Any person
manufacturing or selling the same without a license will be liable to a
prosecution. —188, Strand, Nov. 15, 1867.
THE recent extensive FIRE in SOUTHWARK.—
P. MADDIN begs to apprise his friends that he held, in addition
to the large stock of cocoanut matting just destroyed by fire at
No. 212, Borough, a well-assorted quantity of the same GOODS ware¬
housed at Half-moon Inn-yard, Borough. He has also taken temporary
workshops, and is, therefore, able to carry on his business uninter¬
ruptedly. Letters and orders to be addressed, as usual, to 212, High¬
street, Borough.
POLLAKY's PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE.—
Confidential INQUIRIES instituted with secrecy and despatch
in divorce ond other cases, by Mr. Pollaky, 13, Paddington-green.
PRIVATE INQUIRY OFFICE, 2, Southampton-¬
buildings, Chancery-lane.—Mr. BENTLEY, having had 20 years
experience, undertakes inquiries of all kinds requiring secrecy and de¬,
spatch, especially for the Divorce Court. References to solicitors.
PHOTO ALBUMS REPAIRED at FISHER's,
183, Strand. It is not necessary to take out the cartes, as Fisher
manufactures on the premises.
PRESENTS for VALENTINES. (See List below).
PARKINS and GOTTO's PORTRAIT ALBUMS
er USEFUL ARTICLES as PRESENTS for St.
VALENTINE'S DAY:—
Consisting of
£ s. d.) £ s. d.) £ s. d.
Albums (morocco), that will last for years,
to hold 50, 100, and 200 respectively
9 6 10 13 6 1 1 0
Dressing-cases (rosewood), lined silk velvet,
plated fittings, good cutlery, &c.
1 1 0  5 6 1 11 6
Dressing-cases, (portable), leather, with
Rodgers' cutlery, brushes, &c.
0 17 6 1 2 62 2 0
Despatch Boxes, leather, fitted with every
useful writing requisite.
018 6 1 4 62 20
Writing-cases (portable), morocco, fitted
with inkstand, paper, envelopes, wax, &c.
0 10 6 0 14 6 1 1 0
Bags (French morocco), fitted with usefulf
1 1 0 1 8 6 2 100
tollet requisites, for ladies or gentlemen
Hand Bags (French morocco)
o 7 0 8 0 0 10 0
Workboxes (rosewood or walnut), lined silk,
fitted with best cutlery, &c.
o 14 6 164 6 1 11 6
Envelope Cases and Blotting Books, in
walnut wood, elegantly mounted
1 5 0 1 17 62 20
Inkstands, in solid oak or walunt, with cut¬
o 10 614 6	1 1 0
glass bottle and sunk pen tray
Stationery Cases (oak), for the library or
office table, fitted complete
1 5 6 2 2 0 2 10 0
Musical Boxes (beautifull.
naa , nicole,.
reres, e it e v ery improvement, pr in,
4 0 6 6 0 8 8 6
four, six, and eight airs res
cetively
ve articles are eee
he a
 o o  d  an
erviceable,t
tugh moderate
in cost. Presents od
sisting e e e,
booksl
es, orkboxes, baskets,

cases, gilt e e se e e

es, pocket-books,
card-cases, fans, smelling-bottles, pencil-case
opera glasses, cigar¬
cases, &c., in
oe . e,


toe Bibles,
s. Chure.

tervices, & c. , in evere e ed
tion.
ton.
and
oo
binding e

and Gotto, 24, 25, 27, and 28,
Oxford-street. London, W. N.B. Nine large Show Rooms.
