M F. BROWNE is requested to COMMUNICATE
with Mr. Wm. Ayers immediately, or his books will be sold to
pay expenses.—24, rue de Edimborg, Brussels
WILL Mr. JAMES ROSS, formerly employed in
the gardens of the late Earl Fitzwilliam, at Milton, Peterbo¬
rough, Northamptonshire, be good enough to COMMUNICATE his
ADDRESS to Mr. Robert Scott, of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Cal¬
cutta, and now residing at Kelway's Hotel, Southampton ?
FRIENDLESS and FALLEN. — LONDON
FEMALE PREVENTIVE and REFORMATORY INSTITU¬
TION.—The Committee gratefully THANK "Penitens" for the kind
contribution of £10. Both halves of the note came duly to han
The Committee would be glad to send their annual report.—E. W.
THOMAS, Sec., No. 200, Euston-road, N.W.
LOST, on the 2d inst., from 64, Baker-street, a
LADY's BROWN LEATHER BAG, with steel clasp and chain.
The finder is requested to return the bag and enclosed papers, the loss
of which entails much inconvenience on the owner, to 44, Rutland¬
gate, S.W.
LOST, in Westminster, the evening of the 21st Octo¬
ber, in the neighbourhood of the Board of Control, a GOLD
RING; blood stone, nag's head, three woolsacks; motto, "Sing
sanguine," &c. Anyone restoring
me to A. B. C., 42, Charing¬
cross, shall receive ONE POUND REWARD.
TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.—DOG LOST, on
Friday, November 3d, between 4 and 5 o'clock, in Regent-street
—a Dark Brown Brindle Bitch, with long ears; answers to the name
of "Fan." Whoever will bring her to No. 18, Sloane-square, Chelsea,
shall receive the abo e re e er.
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the 1st
of July, on the Chester and Hereford Railway, a DEAL BOX,
with an American Cloth Cover, and bearing the address of the "Mar¬
quis of Kildare, 6, Carlton-house-terrace, London," containing wearing
apparel and papers (written in French), of no use to any one but the
owner. The above reward will be paid to any one producing the above
named papers, &c., on
plication to lp .
14, South Molton-st., W
TEN SE
LLINGS
REWARD.—L
ST, .
widow lady, of limited income, on Saturday, 4th inst., at 5 p.
mesaae

t estern Railway, a BROWN
LE 
.
ae te s n p, cont

£3 7s. 3d. A watchkey was pla
with the gold. Whoevor will take
it to M.
Spalding's library, High-street, ne.
ing-hill, may receive the

FOUND, in the neighbourhood of Bayswater, on
Saturday last, a small TERRIER BITCH. Can be had on giving
a proper description to A. M. M., care of Messrs. E. Moses and Son,
corner of Minories and aee¬
.
FOUND, near Dorset-square, a BANK NOTE.
Anyone giving satisfactory particulars and paying expense of ad¬
vertisements may have it restored on application to Miss Steele,
No. 28, Upper Glocester-place, Dorset-square, any Wednesday, between
10 and 4, during the present month.
WILLIAM COOPER HAYWARD, formerly of
Bermuda, will HEAR of SOMETHING to his ADVANTAGE
by COMMUNICATING with Messrs. Shorter and Co., of 1, Laurence
Pountney-place, Cannon-street, city. If dead, any person giving in¬
formation thereof shall be rewarded.
PHEBE WALKER, late of Camden-row, Camber¬
well, widow, deceased.—All persous CLAIMING to be ENCUM¬
BRANCERS upon the SHARES of Henry Walker, Charles Walker,
Robert Walker, Edward Ostin Walker, and Emily Phebe Howard,
under the will of Samuel Walker, of Mark-lane, merchant, deceased,
and which shares are now payable upon the death of the said Phebe
Walker, are requested to send particulars of the same to Moseley, Tay¬
ler, and Moseley, 9, Old Jewry-chambers, solicito.
NEXT of KIN, Heirs-at Law, Legatees, &c.—An
INDEX to all persons advertised for between 1750 and 1865, 2s. ;
post free, 25 stamps.—HERBERT FRERES, 17, Alfred-street, Bow¬
road, London, E. Bank of England unclaimed dividends, Treasury,
Chancery, and all foreign stocks and records searched.
AT the COUNCIL CHAMBER, Whitehall, the

3d day of November, 1865.
to os of Her Majes.
y's Most Honourable Privy Council.
Present—Duke of SOMERSET, Earl of CLARENDON, Earl
RUSSELL.
Whereas by an Act passed in the session of the 11th and 12th years
of Her present Majesty's reign, intituled "An Act to prevent until
the 1st day of September, 1850, and to the end of the then next
session of Parliament, the spreading of contagious or infectious dis¬
orders among sheep, cattle, and other animals," which Act has since
ben from time to time continued by divers subsequent Acts, it is
(amongst other things) enacted that it shall be lawfal for the Lords and
others of Her Majesty's Privy Council, or any two or more of them, from
time to time to make such orders and regulations as to them may
seem necessary for the purpose of prohibiting or regulating the remoyal
to or from such parts or places as they may designate in such order or
orders of sheep, cattle, horses, swine, or other animals; and to make
any other orders or regulations for the purpose of giving effect to the
provisions of the said Act, and again to revoke, alter, or vary any such
orders or regulations; and that all provisions for any of the purposes
aforesaidin any such order or orders contained shall have the like
force and effect as if the same had been inserted in the said Act; and
that all persons offending against the same shall for each and every
offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding £20, or such smaller
sum as the said Lords or others of Her Majesty's Privy Council may in
any case by such order direct
and whereas an order, dated the 29th day of September, 1865, has
been made under the authority of the said Acts by the Lords of Her
Majesty's Privy Council, with a view to prevent the spreading to the
Island and Barony of Lewis, in the county of Ross, of a contagious or
infections disorder generally designated the "Cattle Plague," now pre¬
vailing in many other parts of Great Britain:
And whereas it is expedient to revoke the said order, and to take
measures for preventing the spreading of the said cattle plague to
certain parts of Scotland:
Now, therefore, the Lords of Her Majesty's Privy Council do
hereby, by virtue and in exercise of the powers given by the said re¬
cited Act, and by the several Acts continuing the same as aforesaid,
order as follows:—
1. The said order, dated the 29th day of September, 1865, is revoked,
provided that such revocation shall not affect any act done or penalty
recoverable under the said order.
2. In this order the word "cattle" shall be interpreted to mean any
heifer, bull, bullock, ox calf, sheep, or lamb, and the expression
"North-Western District of Scotland" shall be interpreted to mean
and embrace the whole of the county of Argyle, in Scotland, and the
whole of Scotland lying to the north and west of the Caledonian Canal.
3. It shall not be lawful for any person to remove any cattle to any
port or place within the "North-Western District of Scotland," as
defined and described in this order, from any other port or place in
Great Britain.
4. Nothing in this order shall be construed to prohibit the removal
of any cattle from any port or place within the said North-Western
District of Scotland to any port or place within the same, or within
any other part of Great Britain.
5. Every person offending against this order shall for every such
offence forfeit any sum not exceeding £20, which the Justices before
whom he or she shall be convicted of such offence may think fit to im¬
pose.
 rTHUR HELPS.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—No. 2.860.—The BEATRICE.—Whereas a cause of ne¬
cessaries has been instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of
England on behalf of Zachariah Charles Pearson, of No. 9, Clement's¬
lane, in the city of London, merchant, against the screw steamship or
vessel Beatrice, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, now lying in the
North Carrier's Dock, Liverpool, under arrest by virtue of a warrant
issued from the Registry of the said Court, and no appearance has
been entered in the said cause; This is to give notice to all personswho.
have or CLAIM to have any RIGHT, Title, or interest in the said
VESSEL, that if an appearance in the said cause be not entered in the
Registry of the said Court within six days from the publication of this
notice, the Judge of the said Court will order the said vessel to be sold,
to answer the claims instituted or to be instituted against the same

the premises as to him shall seem right. —Dated
the 3d day of November, 1865.
H. A. BATHURST, Assistant-Reg.
Seal of the High Court of Admiralty
Notice of Sale of Ship taken out by Pritchard and Sons, No. 18, Great
Knightrider-street, Doctors'-commons, London.
THE WATCH, a LECTURE, by Mr. BENNETT;
its History, Construction, and Manufacture; THIS EVENING,
November 7, at the Mission Church, Spread Eagle-street, Limehouse,
at 8 o'clock. The R.
ev. Hy. J. Bergeur in the chair.
NOTICE.—It having come to our knowledge that a
firm styling themselves Cutler, Palmer, and Co. have been
issuing circulars, which have been extensively distributed among our
numerous friends, from which it may be inferred that we have retired
from or disposed of our business, we take this means of stating that
such is not the case, that we still carry on our regular business as wine
merchants under the style of Holdsworth and Douce (successors to
Cutler and Co., late of 12, Hungerford-street, Strand, the goodwill of
which we purchased of Messrs. Cutler and Co., on their relinquishing
the private portion of their business, in December, 1858), and that we
have no connexion with the above named firm
HOLDSWORTH and DOUCE, 31, Pall-mall.
CHOCOLAT COMPAGNIE FRANCAISE.—
Notice.—The Company beg to inform their customers and the
public generally that all FUTURE ORDERS for COCOAS and
CHOCOLATES must be transmitted to their sole consignee for the
United Kingdom C. H. WEST, 16
t, Covent-garden,
instead of to Paris as heretofore. — Oct. 23, 1865.
LORD MAYOR's DAY.—Notice.—FISHER, dres¬
sing case and portmanteau maker, of 188 and 211, Strand, begs
to notify that his ESTABLISHMENTS will NOT be CLOSED on the
9th inst.
FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.—JNO. WARD,
invalid chair manufacturer, &c., begs to inform the nobility and
gentry that his business is carried on at No. 12, Leicester-place, until
the Saville-house premises are rebuilt.
REMOVAL.—ROBERT REED, naval and military
tailor and habitmaker, 67, Regent-street, will carry on business
only at his old premises, 5, Great Pulteney-stre.
W. opposite Broad¬
wood's. Families waited upon within 50 miles of London.
REMOVAL.—FIELD's (late Stocken's) STATION¬
ERY and DRESSING-CASE BUSINESS REMOVED from
No. 53, Regent-street, to more commodious Premises, No. 67, Regent¬
street, next door to Field's Great Bible Warehouse and the St. James's

NOTICE of REMOVAL.—The SOUTH LONDON
NEWS and CROYDON FREE PRESS OFFICES, for adver¬
tisements and general business, are REMOVED to 174, Fleet-Street,
two doors from Peele's Coffee-ho

NOTICE of REMOVAL.—SEDDON and Co.,
cabinet manufacturers and upholsterers, beg to announce that
their business is now carried on at the Grosvenor Galleries, 70, Grosve¬

SMITHFIEL E
CLUB CATTLE SHOW,
ricul¬
tural-hall, London, Dec. 11, 12, 13, ar.
14.—SPACE to be
int
SET,
New Arcade Entrance to the Cattle Show
for the Exhibition.


lery, Waterproof Clot.

Rugs, Garrd pe.




ter
o n te.
apply
tat r s ofice .
ricultural-hall, Barford-street
Islington, N
DIP of BLOOD.—FIFTY GUINEAS REWARD
for the RESTORATION of an old MANUSCRIPT written by
an English monk, under the above title. Apply to Mr. Pollaky, Pri¬
vate Inquiry office, 13, Paddington-green,
INQUIRIES.—Messrs. FORRESTER and GOD¬
DARD (late Principal Police Officers at the Mansion-house, city of
London, and the public office, Bow-street), undertake important and
confidential IN
IRIES in England or abroad. Offices, 8, Danes'-¬


THE KATHHYDRON, or
Ready Fire Engine,
is a most valuable safeguard against fire. The del
ann nettin

toi e s erein
coniagrations. The K.

theing at all time etst che
tie e th water, wholly prevents
this delay. It

led for instant a neous use, in
mansions, warehouses, shor
actories, theatres, hotels, chure.
tatand all public buile
s. Supplied

KEY, 95, Newgate-stree.
London, where it may
be seen in operatio.
RIC 
NOR NA GUNTER, Motcomb
1
weendes
streets, Belgravia, FURNISE

a  edding Br.
Kirasts.

rties complete in all parts of the country also wines, cooks,

Wedding favours and slic o.
bride cake.
ting.
ae n
fashionn
any quantity sent out at a
t notice by Richard
Gunter,
LOLT's REVOLVERS, for house protection, travel¬
lers, and officers, have been adopted by the English, American,
Russian, Prussian, and other Governments. They are the most durable
and efficient revolvers existing. Colt's revolving rifles, carbines, and
shot-guns. Beware of counterfeits. Descriptive price lists free.  Colt's
Fire Arms Company, 14, Pall-mall, London, S.W.
FUNERALS.—Central Funeral Establishment, 215,
High Holborn, adjoining the Bloomsbury Branch Bank.—
FUNERALS at stated charges, irrespective of distance, and suitable
lasses, combined with economy and respectability.—T.
TOOVEY and Co., proprietors. Estimates forwarded
PATENT METALLIC AIR-TIGHT COFFIN,
the only really good, economical, sanitary coffin. Orders taken,
and coffins supplied at one hour's notice from the Company's depots,
No. 501, Oxford-street, and 17, Farringdon-street, or through any re¬

MONUMENTAL BRASSES, Crosses, and Inscrip¬
tion Plates for Churches; armorial bearings and crests engraved

ta e e e (as exhibited in 1851, 1862), by
MATTHEWS, heraldic engraver, 377, Oxford-street; established 1810.
LONUMENTAL SCULPTURE.—The Carrara
Marble Works. Established 1820.—MONUMENTS, Tablets,
Tombs, Memorial Crosses, and Headstones for Cemeteries, &c., executed
in a superior style, at moderate charges. Export orders.—T. GAFFIN
No. 63, Quadrant, Regent-street, W. Manufactory, Westminster, S.W.
