WI—HARD.—"Sigh." WIHTE often darling.—G.
ASCOT.—G. J., F—squar'. Returned from Devon
last night. COME, come up, immediately.
COLLEEN BAWN.—ShAll be so delighted to hear
from you. Address Albert-villa, St. Leonard's-on-Sea.
G. H.—I have heard wiith sorrow, that your plan i
being carried out. If yowscan explain, do so to E. A., before evil
recults and it is too late.
CONN.—I RECEIVED your NOTE. If you knew
how freely you are fory (ven all you would return at once or write,
To that  may communicate to you by letter, and all would be well.
DR. WILLIAM THOMSON, deceased, late Surgeon
4th Light Dragoor s.—His CHILDREN are requested to COM¬
MUNICATE with Me srs. Lawford and Waterhouse, of 28, Austin¬
friars, London, E.C.,so ficitors to the Administrator-General of Bengal,
upon the subject of de seased's effects.
LAPIN.—Fal't vrais efforts pour être patient, con¬
fant: vous ne mm'sidez guéres. Ennuyée jadis me racontiez tout,
aujourd'hui, amus ee, rien? Faut absoldment que vous écrive une
fois, trop injuste mae priver senle défense, ce qui facile autrefois pas
impossible anjow T'hul. Lettre recue, rien dedans
TUESDAX, 1st.—LETTER ONLY RECEIVED
to-day, arel could not be acted upon. Deeply sympathize with
you, darling; but do not be cast down. Twelve months have elapsed
since was Ast heard of. Write within the promised interval, if pos¬

LOST, SHARE CERTIFICATES, COPIAPO
REILWAY COMPANY.—Whereas 15 Share Certificates of
this Company for £500 each, and bearing the numbers of 4391 to 4400,
4895, 4896, and 5930 to 5932, respectively, have been lost, and the
proprietor of the same has applied to the Board of Directors to issue
other certificates of the same tenour and value in lien thereof;

pany in such case made and provided, that, from and after the lapse
of one calendar year from the date of this advertisement (in the mean¬
while the certificates so lost not appearing, and during which period

the Directors will proceed to issue new certificates to replace those
lost, which will thereby become invalid and of no effect.
T. TINLEY and SONS, Secretaries to the Local Board.
No. 44. Brown's-buildings, Liverpool, Aug. 26, 1868
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
afternoon, between 6 and 7 o'clock, in Bedford-square, THREE
GOLD LOCKETS and ONE JET HEART Whoever will take the
same to 23 Bedford-square, W.C., shall receive the above reward.
CAME ASTRAY, the morning of the Wimbledon
Review, a YOUNG BROWN IRISH RETRIEVER DOG. Ap¬
plication, by owner to be made at Dorset-cottage, Fulham; or to Mr.
Poole, Savile-row, W.
OROPPED, on Monday afternoon, Aug. 31st, near
St. Peter's Church, Eaton-square, and seen to have been picked
up by a servant in a dark-coloured livery, who got down from a passing
carriage, a PURSE, containing a small sum of money and some papers,
valuable only to the owner. Whoever will take the same, with its con¬

Vincent-square, Westminster, S.W.,
shall receive TEN SHILLINGS REWARD.
TO the Messrs. NOBLINGS, of Hamburg, their

you notice, if the PROPERTY left in my possession from the late
Adolph Nobling is not CLAIMED, and all charges paid, within one
month from this date, the said property will be SOLD, to defray the
claim and expenses thereon.
(Signed) J. J. D. HENNINGS, 20, Tollington-road, Holloway.
THE LADY who ADVERTISED in The Times of
the 7th August, for a DAILY GOVERNESS, at Hackney, begs

been MADE.
JOHN HARVEY, a baker by trade, was born in
England about A.D. 1755, and moved to Detroit, Michigan,
about A.D. 1796, and to Jeffersonville, Indiana, in 1816, where he died
in 1825. He had while in the United States a wife, whose maiden
name was Wilson. She died in 1822, never having had any children.
Early in 1823 Maria York Harvey, a reputed daughter of John Harver
came from England to Jefferson ville, Indians, and died there in 1826
or 1827. She was married to Edwin Reeder May 18th, 1826, but never
had any children. She was born in England about A.D. 1796, and it
was said she had two older sisters
tivin inig in some part of England.
For any evidence, showing the residence of either of the parties in
England, a liberal REWARD will be paid, and for evidence showing
who are the heirs of John Harvey and Maria York Harvey, a Reward
of Ten Pounds will be paid. Address, by mail, Walter Crane, Pay¬
master United States' Army in the late War, Detroit, Michigan,
United
States.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Dividends.—
Application having been made to the Governors of the Bank of Eng¬
land to direct the payment of five dividends on the sum of £148 16s. 3d.
L
CAMPBELL ALLRY, of Howland-street, St. Pancras, widow,
FRANCIS OTTER HODGKINSON, of Upper Seymour-street, Port¬
man-square, Esquire, Rev. JAMES HALDANE STEWART, of
Limpsfield, Surrey, and JAMES STEWART, of Lincoln's-inn,
Esquire, and which dividends were paid over to the Commissioners
for the Reduction of the National Debt, in consequence of the first
thereof having remained unclaimed since the 5th April, 1858 ; Notice

the said Dividends will be paid to Frances Campbell Alley, widow, and
Francis Otter Hodgkinson, who heve claimed the same, unless some
other claimant shall sooner appear and make out his claim thereto.
BANK of ENGLAND.—Unclaimed Stock.—Appli¬
cation having been made to the Governors of the Bank of England
to direct the re-transfer from the Commissioners for the Reduc¬
tion of the National Debt of the sum of £207 15s. 10d. Consolidated
Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the name of MARY
JANE PINE, of Manchester-street, Manchester-square, spinster, and
which was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of
the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th Janu¬
ary, 1847; Notice is hereby given, that on the expiration of three
months from this date the said Stock will be Transferred, and the
Dividends thereon paid, to Adolphus George Finch Cotton and Albert
Ellice Pine Cotton, administrators, with the will annexed de bonis

some other claimant shall sooner appear and make ous his claim
thereto.
THE PARTNERSHIP formerly existing between
the undersigned has been DISSOLVED, by mutual consent, from

FREDERICK GARLAND MYLREA (by his Attorney
Alex, Stuart).
JNO. R. CATTELL.
Sydney, 17th June, 1868.
The BUSINESS formerly carried on by Mylrea and Cattell, will in
future be CONTINUED by Mr. Cattell, in thee e aer
J. R. CATTELL and Co.
No. 366, George-street, Sydney, N.S.W.
NOTICE.—Some weeks ago a paragraph appeared in
the Doncaster Chronicle identifying the notorious Madame
Rachel (whose real name is Leversen) with Mrs. J. L. Levison, who
formerly resided in Doncaster with her husband, that gentleman being
for some time a respectable practitioner here as a surgeon-dentist. We
are assured there is not one word of truth in the information furnished
us, and we take this our earliest opportunity of giving the statements
therein contained the most unqualified contradiction, and of offering
to Mr. Levison our most sincere APOLOGY that statements reflect¬
ing so seriously and unwarrantably upon Mrs. Levison and himself
should ever have found publicity in our columns. Wecan only express
our deep regret that it should have been so, and assure him that it was
through no pessonal or malicious feeling that those statements were
made. We must respectfully request that any newspaper having in¬
serted the paragraph referred to will also give effect to this apology by
repeating the contradiction.—(igned) HARTLEY and SON, Pro¬
prietors Doncaster Chronicle.
GOUTHWARK-BRIDGE TRANSFER ACT,
1865.—Whereas divers registered proprietors of shares in the
Southwark-bridge Company and other persons claiming to be entitled,
either as the legal personal representatives of such registered proprie¬
tors or otherwise, to participate in the purchase-money to be divided
under the above mentioned Act, are unable to produce their scrip cer¬
tificates of shares as evidence of their proprietorship, or to prove how
they have lost or parted with the same, this is to give notice to all per¬
sons holding SCRIP CERTIFICATES of SHARES in the SOUTH¬
WARK-BRIDGE COMPA
Y t PRESENT the same, before the
1st of November next, at the Company's offices, at 10, Queen-street¬
place. London, or to give notice before that day to the Secretary of
their having such scrip in their possession, and of their claims (if any)
in respect thereof, otherwise payment will be made to the persons ap¬
pearing on the books of the Company to be the registered proprietors
of shares or their legal personal representatives. Dated the 31st
August, 186
583.
WHEREASby an Order of the High Court of Chan¬
cery, bearing date the 18th of July, 1868, made in the matter of
the Act of Parliament 10 and 11 Victoria, chapter 96, intituled
Act for beter Securing Trust Funds and for the Relief of Trustees.
and in the matter of the TRUSTS of the WILL of JOHN TOOGOOD,
deceased, the shares of the nephews and nieces, and their issue, legatses
of the residue of the rrust legacy of £2,000, the following inquiry was
directed to be made, that is to say.—What nephews and nieces the
above named testator John Toogood had, and what nephews and nieces,
other than James Ford, Elizabeth Parsons, and Francis Rainscombe
Ford. Elizabeth Toogood, the widow of the said testator, had, and
whether any or either of the said nephews and nieces died in his life¬
time or in the lifetime of the said Elizabeth Toogood, his widow, and
if so, whether they left any and what issue, and whether such issue are
now living, and if any of them are dead, when they respectively died,
and who are the legal personal representative or representatives of
such of them as survived the testator, and whether any or either of
the nephews and nieces of the said Elizabeth Toogood died in the life¬
time of the said testator, or in her lifetime, and if so, whether they
left any and what issue, and whether such issue are now living, and
if any of them are dead, when they respectively died, and who are the
legal personal representative or representatives of such of them as
survived the said testator. All persons CLAIMING to be such
NEPHEWS and NIECES of the said John Toogood, late of Stalbridge
in the county of Dorset, gentleman, deceased (who died on the 30th of
June, 1852), and of the said Elizabeth Toogood, the widow of the said
John Toogood (who died on the 13th of March, 1867), or claiming to
be the issue of any such nephews and nieces who survived the said
John Toogood or the said Elizabeth Toogood, but who have since died,
or to be the legal personal representative or representatives of any
of such issue who survived the said John Toogood, but have since
died, are by their solicitors, on or before the 10th day of November,
1868, to come in and prove their claims at the chambers of the Vice¬
Chancellor Giffard, No. 11, New-square, Lincoln's-inn, Middlesex; or,
in default thereof, they will be peremptorily excluded from the benefit
of the said order. Wednesday, the 25th day of November, 1868, af
12 of the clock at noon, at the said chambers, is appointed for hearing
and adjudicating upon the claims. — Dated this 7th day of August, 1868.
WHY LEMAN, Chief Clerk.
TAYLOR, HOARE, and TAYLOR, 28, Great James-street,
Bedford-row, Agents for Messrs. Wilson, Thring, and Nodder,
of Salisbury, Solicitors for the Petitioners.
LAND REGISTRY.—No. 548.—Grovelands, Wal¬
lasey, Chester.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th and 26th Vic¬
toria, chap. 53.—Notice is hereby given, that on the application of
JAMES HARRISON, of Chapel-Street, Liverpool, in the county of
Lancaster, merchant, the Registrar intends, at the expiration of three
calendar months from the date hereof to REGISTER with an in¬
defeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS, now called or known as
Grovelands, in the village of Wallasey, in the parish and township of
Wallasey, in the county of Chester, containing 14a. 1r. 25p., or there¬
abouts, in the tenures or eccupations of James Webster, James Povall,
David Webster, Robert Sparks, and George Hasler, bounded on or
towards the north by Sandhills, on or towards the south by Green-lane,
being the high road from Wallasey-village to Leasowl Castle and village.
on or towards the east by the public roed, from the Sandhille to Wal¬
lasey, and on or towards the west by land, formerly glebe land, and which
said hereditaments were formerly purchased from the Commissioners
appointed by the Act for enclosing lands in the parishes of Wallasey
and West Kirby, in the county of Chester, and are delineated on the
map No. 548, deposited in the Office of Land Registry, as part of
the description of the same hereditaments, and thereon edged
with red, togetner with the mines and minerals under the same.
If any person objects to, or desire to show cause against,
such registration, or claims that the same should be subject to any
conditions or reservations, or that any particular estate or incum¬
brance, charge or liability, not already proved or admitted before the
Registrar, should be entered on the register, such person may be heard
at the Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time
before the expiration of the said three months, personally or by his
solicitor or counsel, or by affdavit or otherwise, to make such objec¬
tion to, or to show cause against, or to make such claim in respect of
such registration. But any person desiring to make such objection or
claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the particulars thereof,
and with his name and address thereto, in the said office before the
expiration of the said three months, otherwise he will be excluded from
making the same. The aforesaid map may be inspected at the said
office at any time before the expirstion of the said three months.—
Dated this 2d day of September, 1868.
D.D. MORDAUNT Chief Clerk.
SIMPSON and NORTH, Solicitors to the Applicant.
LAUNCH of the MONSTER FLOATING DRY
DOCK.—THIS DAY (Wednesday), September 2, the favourite
saloon steamer PALMERSTON or ALEXANDRA will leave Old
Swan Pier, above London-bridge, at 12 noon, direct, to view the
LAUNCH off North Woolwich, returning to London immediately
after the launch. Fare there and back, 1s. Will call at Tunnel Pier
at 12.10 noon.
PAIN.—GENERAL INFORMATION OFFICE,
No. 1, Calle de Luzon, Madrid. Troub.
d expense may be saved
by applying as above to Mr. HENRY MACVEIGH, a resident in Spain
since 1843. To secure an answer to any question connected with law,
literature, trade, the Government departments, the Bourse, private
basiness, or other matters, even the most trifing, a certified letter,
containing 10 sixpenny stamps, must be forwarded in the first instance.
Proper references given and taken where privacy is required.
NOTICE.—Madame PARSONS, Court Milliner,
begs respectfully to inform her customers and ladies of the nobi¬
fity her establishment will in tuture be CLOSED at 5 o'clock on Satur¬
days.—92, Regent-street.
BROMPTON TURKISH BATHS, Alfred-place.
This establishment is OPEN daily. Public and private baths.
Cards forwarded.—Messrs. E, and C. POLLARD. M.R.C.S.E., Pro¬
prietors.
