TO T. T. TIN.—Your distracted friends earnestly
entreat you to COMMUNICATE with them immediately, in
order that arrengements may be made for your future advantage.
ASPLEY.—WELLWISHER will oblige by
WRITING in strict confidence, under his own name. An anony¬
nous attack is surely a grave mistake, unworthy of so respectable a
person as Wellwisher seems to be
A G. —Dear JOHN, We do not wish to interfere with
your plans except to forward them. Let us know, in any way
you think proper, of your safety, to relieve our intense anxiety. You
can do this and still preserve your incognito. Address A. D., post¬
office, Hammersmith-road.
ON JOSE FRANCISCO de CABARGA is
WANTED, at Obrapia-street, No. 18, Habana, Island of Cuba.
Boston, July 21, 1865.
NOTICE
 Mr. JOHN ALL
N CAMPBELL
N
apply a
No. 47, Hanover-street, Kingston, Jamaica, he
will H e o

ING to his BENEFES E.
SIC.
TO
NOR EREDORED
Ro and others.—TEN
POUNDS REWARD.—Obtained
the 28th ult., by false pre¬
 P IC.
RE.
subject
the heilosopher"

beard), drese e¬
aoe ei o,
sis.
orna¬
by 17 inch e ae
mental gilt e e e
 back, "E.N
Ward, R.A., Ke.
t-vilia, 1, Lans¬
downe

-hill;"
 tae man, 35 years of ago, 5 feet
es
chees
dressed in a
e seit
the t et cha
o   a nno
and a black billycock hat. Whoeve r w ill give st
nhinformation as
les
to the
che en s in a n n coniic oe

the offend

toe eset ell e
tae td the above reward by Messrs. Criswick ad¬

6, New Comptor
teet, Soho. Information to
Detective
Department, Scotlar.
wgyard.
LOS
on Sun
Nie oe
1to.
square, a GOLD BRACELFT, with blue stones.
te r wil
bring the same to 3, Myddelton-square, shall receive TEN SHILLINGS
REWARD.
MISSING, a SHARE CERTIFICATE of the
EAST INDIAN RAILWAY COMPANY for £500, No. 60,066.
Brokers, and others are cautioned against negotiating the same, as it
is stopped at the offices of the Company. Information to be given to
Messrs. T. Lloyd and Son, 80, Old Broad-street, E.C.
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD.—LOST, on Friday
evening, in Piccadilly or St. James's-street, a BUNCH of KEYS.
Whoever will bring the same to 72, Piccadilly, shall receive the above
reward.
FIVE SHILLINGS REWARD. —LOST, on Friday
in Piccadilly, St. James's-street, or Pall-mall, a BUNCH
of KEYS. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. A. Davis, saddier,
No. 72, Piccadilly, shall receive the above reward.
ONE POUND REWARD.—LOST, on Sunday
ey
ane in Kensington-gardens, or Glocester-terrace, a small
GOLD CHAIN, with Locket, &c., attached. Whoever will bring the
same to Calder and Co.'s library, 1, Bathurst-street, Hyde-park, W.,
shall receive the abov ve re w ar,
ONE POUND REWARD.—STRAYED, a BLUE
SKYE TERRIER, answering to the name of "Chloss." When
lost it had a leather collar on, with two little bells attached. Who¬
ever will bring the same to Marshall, Thompson's Hotel, 29, Cavendish¬
square, shall receive the above reward.
THREE GUINEAS REWARD. —LOST, on the 4th
inst., a BLACK RETRIEVER , one wall eye; answers to
the name of "Bruce." Whoever will bring the same to Mr. E. M.
Crosse, Fairfield, Harrow Weald, or 21, Soho-square, W., shall receive
the above reward
THREE POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on the
afternoon of Friday, the 11th inst., a GOLD RING, set with
alternate rows of diamonds and turquoises; left in the lavatory of the
ladies' waiting room at Euston Station. Whoever has found the same
and will take it to Mr. Alfred W. Bennett's, publisher, 5, Bishopsgate¬
street without, shall receive the above reward.
NOTICE to the PUBLIC.—At a meeting of cow¬
keepers and dairymen of Hampstead, St. John's-wood, Kilburn,
and Camden-town, held at the Britanuia Tavern, Hampstead, it was
resolved unanimously, that, in consequence of the great loss of stock
from disease and the high price of provisions, to ADVANCE the
PRICE of MILK to 5d. per quart from this date. August 11, 1865.
CHOCOLAT MENIER.—MENIER's FRENCH
CHOCOLATE.—Notie
ta e iein
tae e at legal proceedings
will be taken under the Merch
dise
Na r  ct, 1862, 25 and 26 Vic.
cap. 88, against any person o 
ersons fraudulently making use of the
trade mark, or the signature, Menier,
the seal or cover, together
hn.
o 
peer, form f
Nae es &c., arrangnenn
 r label,
oe e erwise, wit

te e i e
ol iooh by causing

nferior articles to be sold for the genuine Chocoe.
Menier. F. TRUEFITT, Soll



BEXEI r
WOOD.—
Notice is hereby given,
that the PARTNERSHIP heretofore subsisting between us, the
undersigned, George Samuel Bexfield and Edward Henry Wood, car¬
rying on business at No. 11a, Hart-street, Blcomsbury, in the county
of Middlesex, as whole sale ornamental confectioners, is DISSOLVED
by mutual consent, as from the 15th day of July, 1865. All debts due
and owing to and from the said partnership will be received and paid
by the said George Samuel Bexfield.—Dated this 7th day of August,
186
GEORGE SAMUEL BEXFIELD.
EDWARD HENRY WOOD.

OFFE I  n
RE GISTRY.—
0.317.—
egate
 od.
Reigate.
Jae rey. In th e a e r e
tahe e ct of 25th and
26th Vic

ria, chap. 52.
toe t hereby given, that on the appli¬
cation of WILLIAM PHILLIPPS, of Reigate-lodge, Reigate, in the
county of Surre.
Esq., the Registra.
foh o o fic f e

tends, at the expiration of thee.
dendar months from the date hereof,
to R
GISTER with an indefeasible TITLE the HEREDITAMENTS
called Reigate-lodge, in the e e¬
sh of Reigate,
the county of Surrey,
containing 28a. 2r. 27p., or thereabouts, in hand, bounded on or to¬
wards the north by the Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway, on
or towards the east by the public road from Reigate to Croydon, on or
towards the south by another public road to Reigate, and on the
west by land belonging to Earl Somers and Samuel Relf and the
Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway Company respectively, and
which said hereditaments are delineated on the Map No. 317, deposited
in the Office of Land Registry as part of the description of the same
hereditaments, and thereon edged with red, together with the mines and
minerals under the same, and also the free right and enjoyment of the
water flowing or running or conveyed from the building or reservoir
called the Conduit or Water-house, situate in the ground called
Fountain-coppice, delineated on the said map, into the said
hereditaments, with the rights and privileges incident and ap¬
purtenant thereto. If any person objects to, or desires to show
cause against, such registration, or claims that the same should
be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any particular
estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved or
admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the register
with reference to such hereditaments, such person may be
aran
at th e oe


coln's-inn-fields.
a  
time before the expe ati
the e e said three calend
months from
the date hereof, personally or by his solicite.
or counsel, or by affidavit
or otherwise, to make such objection or to show cause against, or to

mkesuc
ct of, such registration. 
Na p erson de¬
siring to make such objection or plaim must lodge the same in writing,
stating the particulars the.
of and with his name and add
seteeet.
int




calendar months from the date hereo.
otherwise he e
illbe excle e.
from making the same. The said map of the said hereditaments de¬
posited in
teC
ceof Land Registry may be inspected

office at any time before the expiration


months from
date hereof. —Dated this
th day o August, 1865.
O. D. MORDAUNT, C.
of Clerk.
JOHN CASTLE GA
ST. Solicitor.
the.
Applicant, 14, Corn¬

bnand Reigate.
ey.
OFFICE of LAND REGISTRY.—Pages and
Collington, Bexhill, Sussex.—In the Matter of the Act of 25th

 Notice is hereby given, that on the applica¬
tion of JANES MOSES FILDER, of Saint Leonard's, in the county
of Sussex, Esquire, the Registrar of the Office of Land Registry in¬
tends, at the expiration of three calendar months from the date hereof,
to REGISTER with an indefeasible TITLE, 1st (No. 29), the HERE¬
DITAMENTS, being parts of the Estates called or known as Pages and
Collington, respectively in the parish of Bexhill, in the county of
Sussex, and which said hereditaments contain 31a. 2r. 28p., or there¬
abouts, and are, as to parts thereof, in the tenure or occupation of
James Holder and Mary Kitchen, and as to the residue, are in hand
2dly (No. 30), the Hereditaments, being part of the Estate called or known
as Pages, in the parish of Bexhill, in the county of Sussex, and which
said hereditaments contain 45a. Or. 5p., or thereabouts, and are in the
tenure or occupation of Thomas and Mary Clifford; 3dly (No. 33), the
Hereditaments, being part of the Estate called or known as Collington
in the parish of Bexhill, in the county of Sussex, and which said here¬
ditaments contain 64a. 3r. 36p., or thereabouts, and are in the tenure or
occupation of James Holder and Mary Kitchen, and which heredita¬
ments are delineated on the Maps Nos. 29, 30, and 33 respectively de¬
posited by the applicant in the Office of Land Registry as part of the
description of the same, and thereon edged with red, together with the
mines and minerals under the same hereditaments, delineated on the
Maps Nos. 29, 30, and 33 respectively. If any person objects to, or
desires to show cause against such registration, or claims that the
same should be subject to any conditions or reservations, or that any
particular estate or incumbrance, charge or liability, not already proved
or admitted before the Registrar, should be entered on the Register
with seference to such hereditaments, such person may be beard at the
Office of Land Registry, No. 34, Lincoln's-inn-fields, at any time before
the expiration of the said three calendar months from the date hereof,
personally or by his solicitor or counsel, or by affidavit or otherwise, to
make such objection or to show cause against, or to make such claim in
respect of such registration. But any person desiring to make such
objection or claim must lodge the same in writing, stating the par¬
ticulars thereof, and with his name and address thereto, in the Office of
Land Registry before the expiration of the said three calendar months
from the date hereof, otherwise he will be excluded from making the
same. The said respective maps of the said hereditaments deposited in
the Office of Land Registry may be inspected at the said office at any
time before the expiration of the said three calendar months from the
date hereof. —Dated this 15th day of August, 1865.
O. D. MORDAUNT, Chief Clerk.
J. M. FILDER, the Applicant in person.
FIRE in LEICESTER-SQUARE.—JNO. WARD,
invalid chair manufacturer, &c., begs to inform the nobility and
gentry that his business is carried on at No. 12, Leicester-place, until
the Saville-house premises are rebuilt.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—MURRAY and SON,
Blind Makers to Her Majesty, have REMOVED from Albert¬
gate to 90, Brompton-roed, Knightsbridge
NOTICE.—THOMAS TAPLING, BEALL, and
Co. (formerly Thomas Tapling and Co.), carpet wareht isemen,
&c., have REMOVED from 44a, Gresham-street, and 74, Alderman¬
bury, to their restored premises, 1 to 8, Gresham-street west, city.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—CLARK and Co., late
of Gate-street, sole patentees of self-colling revolving shutters,
beg to announce they have completed their extensive works at Rath¬
bone-place, Oxford-street, W., where in future the business will be
carried on, and all communications are requested to be sent.
NOTICE of REMOVAL.—Mr. R. LOADER
having retired, the cabinet and upholstery business lately carried
on by him at 23 and 24, Finsbury-pavement, is transferred to G. M.
and H. J. Story's wholesale warehouses, 33, London-wall, and 2, Cole¬
man-street, E.C.
MR. STRATHEARN will be in attendance Wed¬
nesday, Thursday, and Friday only, during August.—22, Prince's¬
street, Hanover-square.
INQUIRIES.—Messrs. FORRESTER and GOD
DARD (late principal police officers at the Mansion-house, city of
London, and the public office, Bow-street) undertake important and
confidential inquiries in England or abrond. Offices, 8, Danes-inn, St.
Clement's, Strand, W.C.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE OFFICE (established
1857, at 5, Church-court, Clement's-lane, Lombard-street), re¬
moved to 13, Great Carter-lane, Doctors'-commons. Private, confiden
tial, and important INQUIRIES conducted by JOHN LEWIS, 17
years an officer in the city of London poiin.
SWIMMING TAUGHT, in six or eight lessons, no
matter what age or how nervous of water. Completion guaran¬
teed for one guinea, by Professor BECKWITH, so many y
e he
champion swimmer of England. Lessons any hour of the day at the
Lambeth Baths. Schools attended within 50 miles of London, and
highest of testimonials from the head schools of London.
CROQUET, 15s., 18s., 21s., 25s., 30s., 40s., 60., and 60s.
The 30s. set is full size, and can be recommended. No better can
be made than the 60s. set. All croquet sent into the country carriage
paid on receipt of post-office order. Mallets and balls supplied sepa¬
rately.—PARKINS and GOTTO's wholesale and retail croquet ware¬
house, 27 and 28, Oxford-street, London, W. Price list sent post free
on application
CROQUET at PARKINS and GOTTO's, 24, 25, 27,
and 28, Oxford-street, Londo.
TRIFLE, PARKINS and GOTTO's NEW GAME.
CROQUET and BRUSH LAWN MOWERS.—
Cheapest and best. BOYD
tatent. Reduced prices. The
aslest to wor k en
durable. Will pay their cost the first season.
The only machines with the self-cleaning and sharpening apparatus,
and without which no lawn mower is perfect.—John Boyd and Co.
No. 76, Cannon-street west, and 139, Leadenhall-Street, E.C. Lists
and testimonials free. Always in stock.
PISTOLGRAMS of BABIES and ADULTS
(Guinea Medallions, indurated for jewellery) taken daily, at
SKAIFE's Pistolgraph depot, 32, Sussex-place, Regent's-park, where
is now on view a baby's likeness taken when 11 hours old with magne¬
sium light. Nurseries attended.
FOUR CARTES, by SKAIFE's 18-GUINEA
EXCURSIONISTS' PISTOLGRAPH, vis., Clergyman in Ex¬
press Train—Kirkby Lonsdale-bridge—Sicoping Babe, five days old,
and one awake, at two months. Sent on receipt of 4s. in stamps, by
Skaifo, 32, Sussex-place, Regent's-parl
SKAIFE's LECTURE on PHOTO-PISTOL¬
GRAPHY and PAINTING, To-morrow (Wednesday) 10th of
August, 4 p.m., at 32, Sussex-place, Regent's-park,
