FRANKFORT.—Safely received, Monday. Depend
on your brothers' continued interest in your welfare.
CHARLES JUDSON (of London), now in Aus¬
tralia, is requested to WRITE to his friends, stating address, &c.
TRUTH and HONOUR UNIMPAIRED.
Inquire at Clifton Post-office.
MANNERS, THOS., late of 3d West India Regi¬
ment, if living, his present ADDRESS is REQUIRED; if
dead, his widow or next of kin may hear of something to their advan¬
tage by applying to C. Mallam, solicitor, Staple-inn, Holborn.
INFANT NURSERY, Colonnade, Clare-market.—
The Rev. CHARLES ROBINS begs to ACKNOWLEDGE, with
best thanks, the RECEPT of a BOX, containing a large assortment
of baby linen and other articles for this Institution, which will be
opened on Monday, Oct. 26.—14, Clement's-inn, Strand, W. C.
IL est impossible de CONTINUER a ECRIRE.
Vous devez comprendre l'impru...Venez à mon parl.
on scrivez une adresse, ou un rendez., 1à od vous adressez, je ne
recols quia 7 heures du soir. Rien encore. Je ne puis faire
d'avantage.
LOST, by a lady, on Sunday afternoon, either in
coming out of St. John's Church, Paddington, or in Hyde-park,
a small FRENCH GOLD WATCH, with chain attached. Whoever
will bring the same to 9, Sussex-place, Hyde-park, shall be handsomely
REWARDED.
LOST, on Friday last, in the neighbourhood of the
Tower, a SANDY COLOURED ROUGH IRISH TERRIER
DOG: had on a collar, with "Lieut. Turle's Dog Barney," written on
ter
it. W
return the same to the Messman, at the Tower,

LEFT in a CAB, on Friday night, about 11 o'clock,
from Stanley-gardens to Chepstow Villas, Bayswater, a LEA¬
THER BAG, containing needlework, scissors-case, &c. Whoever will
bring the same to 4, Chepstow Villas, Westbourne-grove, W., shall

TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, on Tuesday,
the 15th September, a small GOLD LOCKET, with the words
"Me will "on it. It was tied up in a small black silk bag, with a silk
cord attached to it. Supposed to have been lost at the Bath Station.
Whoever will send the same to Mr. Saunders, grocer, 1, Edgar-build¬
ings, Bath, shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—LOST, in a cab, or in
the street between Regent's-park and Soho Bazaar, on the 16th
inst., a large SHAWL BROOCH, gold, crest hand and dagger, en¬
circled by blue enamel garter, with motto, "Lamb Dearg Erin." Any¬
one bringing the above to 8, Sussex-place, Regent's-park, shall receive

ONE POUND REWARD.—To Cabmen and
others.—LOST, on Saturday, Oct.
in a cab or in Cleveland¬
square, Hyde-park, a BLACK ENAMELLED RING, containing
pearl, engraved inside with "Francis Henry Ellis, obit May 16th, 1862."
Whoever will bring the above to 49, Colville-gardens, Kensington-park,
shall receive the above reward.
TWO POUNDS REWARD.—To Hotelxeepers,
Teeomemrememmenersesent
end of August last, an ITALIAN GENTLEMAN, of the following
description, viz.:—Isaac Labi, 38 years of age, 5 feet 11 inches high,
brown hair, moustache, and beard, stout, slightly humpbacked, walks
slowly. Information to M., August Ritten's, 5, Bolton-row, Pic¬
cadilly.
TO WINE BROKERS, Dock Companies, and others.
—A large number of WINE WARRANTS, and delivery orders
for wines and spirits, deliverable to the order of W. J. Marshall, Mar¬
shall and Son, or the London and Westminster Wine Company
(Limited), all of which are the property of the said Company, being
MISSING, the public are cautioned against dealing with such docu¬
ments. Any persons having the warrants in their possession are re¬
quested to communicate with the undersigned.
By order of the Board,
CHARLES MOSSOP, Solicitor, 1, Ironmonger-lane, E.C.
STRAYED, about noon, on Sunday, from 1, Waverley¬
place (near Eyre Arms), St. John's-wood, a small BLACK an
TAN TERRIER DOG, with long ears. ONE POUND REWARD
will be paid to any one taking him to the above address.
LOSSETT.—If EDWARD WALTER SPEED
DOSSETT will communicate by letter to J. M., 110, Cotton-stree
Limehouse, he may be INFORMED of SOMETHING to his ADVAN¬

MACKINTOSH, of Borlum.—To the Heirs of
Mary Mackintosh (wife of William Mackintosh, commonly
cailed the Brigadier Lachlan Mackintosh), Shaw Mackintosh, Winwood
Mackintosh, Forbes Maria Mackintosh, and Helen Mackintosh.—
Pursuant to an order of the High Court of Chancery, made in a cause
wherein the Right Hon. William Lord Cowper (now deceased) was
plaintiff, and William Mackintosh and Maria his wife and others
(now deceased) were defendants, the HEIR or HEIRS MALE of the
BODIES o LACHLAN MACKINTOSH and SHAW MACKIN¬
TOSH, the sons of Brigadier William Mackintosh, of Borlum, in the
county of Inverness, by Mary his wife (formerly Mary Reade, spinster),
and also the Heir or Heirs general of the bodies of the said Mary
Mackintosh, Lachlan Mackintosh, Winwood Mackintosh, Shaw Mack¬
intosh, Forbes Maria Mackintosh, and Helen Mackintosh respectively,
are, by their solicitors, on or before the 2d day of November, 1863, to
come in and prove their claims at the Rolls-yard, Chancery-lane, Mid¬
dlesex; or, in default thereof, they will be peremptorily excluded from

died previous to the year 1713; and that the said Lachlan Mackintosh
was lost at sea, in the year 1723; Winwood Mackintosh intermarried
with Roderick Mackenzie, of Fairburne, in the county of Ross, in the
year 1710; Shaw Mackintosh died about the year 1770 ; Forbes Maria
Mackintosh died (unmarried) in the year 1775; Helen Mackintosh in¬
termarried with Jonathan Thomson, merchant, of Inverness, and died
in 1743, leaving her husband and several children her surviving. Tues¬
day, the 10th day of November, 1863, at 12 o'clock in the noon, at the
said chambers, is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the
claims. —Dated 1st day of July, 1863.
GEO. WHITING, Chief Clerk.
EWBANK and PARTINGTON, 3, South-square, Gray's-inn,
Solicitors for Petitioner.
CAUTION.—The METROPOLITAN STEAM
BLEACHING and DYEING COMPANY find it necessary to
caution the public that they have only two branches in addition to
thoir works, at 17, Wharf-road, City-road, viz:—472, Oxford-street,
W.C.: and 7, Pavilion-buildings, Brighton.
SPECIAL NOTICE. —The FOREIGN VINE¬
YARD ASSOCIATION (Limited). Joint-Stock Company re¬
gistered in 1854. Offices, 190, Regent-street, W.—The Directors beg to
inform the public that Mr. T. W. STAPLETON's ENGAGEMENT as
MANAGER of this Company was CANCELLED by mutual consent
on the 1st August last. The Directors also hereby caution their friends
that the Association has no connexion with any company or establish¬
ment. The Directors therefore request that all communications on the
affairs of this Association be addressed to W. H. PALMER, Esq.,
Manager, 190, Regent-street, W. (the only London office).
MORTH-WEST METROPOLITAN AUDIT DIS¬
TRICT.—Parish of St. Mary Abbotts.—I, the undersigned J. H.
Mitchiner, auditor of the above named district, do hereby give notice,
that I have appointed the AUDIT of the ACCOUNTS of the parish of
ST. MARY ABBOTTS, Kensington, for the half-year ended the 29th
day of September, 1863, to commence on Tuesday, the 3d day of Novem¬
ber next, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, at the Workhouse, Kensington,
when and where all persons who by law are bound to account at
such audit are required to attend, and to submit all books, documents,
bills, and vouchers containing or relating to the accounts or to moneys
assessed for, and applicable to, the relief of the poor. Dated the 19th
day of October, 1863.	J. H. MITCHINER, District Auditor.
IN the HIGH COURT of ADMIRALTY of ENG¬
LAND.—The SKIPWITH.—No. 1891.—Whereas a cause has been
instituted in the High Court of Admiralty of England, on behalf of
John Nixon, the master of the brigantine or vessel Skipwith, against
the said vessel, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, now lying at Cardiff,
in the county of Glamorgan, under arrest, by virtue of a warrant issued
from the Registry of the said Court, and no appearance has been
entered in the said cause, this is to give notice to all persons who
have or claim to have any RIGHT, title, or interest in the said
VESSEL, that if an appearance in the said cause be not entered in the
Registry of the said Court within six days from the publication of this
notice, the Judge of the said Court will order the said vessel Skipwith
to be sold to answer the claims instituted or to be instituted against
the same, or make such order in the premises as to him shall seem
right. —Dated the 17th day of October, 1863.
H. C. ROTHERY, Registrar.
Notice of sale of ship, taken out by Troller and Sons, No. 5, Dean's¬
court, Doctors'-commons.
LONDON GENERAL OMNIBUS COMPANY
(Limited).—Notice.—On and after 12th October the Company's
large THREE-HORSE OMNIBUSES will RUN every 10 minutes be¬
.

RAILWAY STATION, vid Edgware-road, Oxford-street, Holborn,
Cheapside, and King William-street.
Fares:—To or from Farringdon-street, 2d.; all the way, 3d.
These omnibuses will not stop on the journey except to take up or
set down passengers.
By order,
No. 31, Moorgate-street, Oct. 8, 1863.
.A. G. CHURCH, Sec.
LIFEBOAT SERVICES.—The Committee of the
Royal National Lifeboat Institution earnestly APPEAL to the
public for ASSISTANCE to enable them to meet the continued heavy
demands on the Institution's 125 lifeboat establishments. During the
past 21 months over 500 shipwrecked sailors, have been saved by the
Society's lifeboats. Contributions are received by all the London and
country bankers; and by the Secretary, Richard Lewis, at the Institu¬
tion, 14, John-Street, Adelphi, W.C.
THE FIRST great SHOW of the METROPOLI¬
TAN AMALGAMATED CHRYSANTHEMUM SOCIETIES
will take place at the Agricultural-hall, Islington, on the 11th, 12th,
and 13th of November.
TO EMIGRANTS.—The following COPY of a
DECREE of the GOVERNMENT of COSTA RICA has been
received at the Consulate in London:—

"Ministry of Foreign Affairs, National Palace, San José,
13th August, 1863.
Considered, the memorial presented by Mr. John Maclean, 60
years of age, of Irish extraction, and agriculturist by profession, in
which he seeks permission to settle in the territory of this Republic
for the purpose of forming a colony with 200 of his compatriots, between
the Harbour of Sarapiqui and Quebrada Grande.
Considered, further, the advantages which would result to the
nation from an increase of its industrial population and in exercise of
the faculty which the decree of 3d November, 1862, gives to the
Executive Power, the licence which he solicits is granted to the said
John Maclean under the following conditions:—
1. John Maclean engages to bring 200 colonists, being Irish
labourers, to the place which is assigned to him between Sarapiqui and
Quebrada Grande within five months reckoned from this date ; and
from 300 to 1,000 colonists within one year, alse reckoned from this date.
"2. From the time of their arrival the colonists shall be subject to
the authorities and laws of the Republic, but they shall not be liable
to any military enlistment, unless in the case of foreign invasion,
when all the colonists shall take up arms in defence of their adopted
country; this privilege holding good until such time as they shall have
become naturalized in confermity with Art. 2 of the Decree above re¬

3. From the time that the colonists enter the country they renounce
the protection of every other Government, placing themselves thence¬
forth under that of the Republic its laws, and authorities.
"4. Every colonist of the male sex, from the age of 18 up to 45 years,
shall receive 10 manzanas (about 20 acres) of land, as his absolute
property, and if married, 10 manzanas more, and for every male child
under 18 years of age, a further grant of five manzanas of land."
"5. The Government engages to have 40 manzanas of land cleared in
the district that Maclean may point out, in order that on them
the colonists may raise their primary subsistence, since each one
must find provision out of his own ground, the aforesaid 40 manzanas
of land remaining as common of the colony, provided that the colony
exceeds 500 persons, as prior to reaching this number the land remains
national property. On the said 40 manzanas there shall be constructed,
at the cost of the Government, two large huts, where the first 200
colonists shall lodge while their own own dwellings are in course of
erection.
6. Pending the receipt by the colonists of the number of manzanas
of land to which they are entitled under Art. 4, the Government will
not dispose of nor admit of surrender of any quantity of land, within a
radius of half a league from the point designated for the colony.
7. The Government engage to pay half of the passage-money o
each individual from New York to the harbour Sarapiqui, in the chief
cabin for the chaplain of the colony; in the second, for Maclean and
his family; and in the fore cabin, for all and each of the other colonists.
Each colonist shall be at liberty to bring 200lb, weight of luggage and
provisions for three or five months, purchased at his own expense, and
the freight of which shall be paid by the Government, provided that
the said half of the passage-money and freight of the provisions and
baggage do not exceed the sums of 2,000 dollars for the first 200;
colonists.
as" 8. The Government will solicit from the Legislative Body an
exemption in favour of the colonists, that for the term of five years,
they shall be allowed to introduce and export such articles as they may
require for their personal use and the produce of their industry; it
being well understood that they will not introduce into the interior of
the Republic any of those articles that are permitted them for their
own use and consumption, and that on every other article that they
may introduce they will pay the corresponding duties in conformity
with the Customs' tariff, and with subjection to the general laws of the
Communicated.
Republio.
L.C. "Certified by the hand of the President.
"The Secretary of State in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
especially charged with Emigration and the Colonies.
(Signed) JULIAN VOLIO."
The undersigned is authorized to state that the Government of Costa
Rica is willing to make further grants of land to persons desirous of
settling in the country, on the same terms and conditions as contained

GEORGE W. EWEN, Consul in London for the Republic of
Costa Rica.
Consulate office, 4, Adam's-court, Old Broad-street, E.C.
BOROUGH-MARKET DISTILLERY. — Notice.
—These premises being required immediately for the Charing¬
cross Railway extension to Cannon-street, Messrs. JOSEPH and
JOHN VICKERS, and Co. respectfully inform their friends that
they have taken TEMPORARY OFFICES (through the kindness
of Mr. Spencer) at the Bridge-house Hotel, London-bridge, where
attendance will be given daily, and where all communications are
to be addressed on and after Monday, Sept. 28th.
