E. only received your letter last Wednesday.
My addre still the am
OLLE. Do write to relieve anxiety of sisters.
Moncy will be rent. Affeirs all ancably settled.
OM. Shame of you! RETURN, for poor
mothers sakc. All is actted, and all will be forgiven. G. F. H.
ARRY is carnestly requested to relieve the minds
RETURNING HOME.
as ber mother is dying
H., who LEFT his BUSINESS on Saturday after¬
noon, is carnestly and affectionately requosted to RETURN
immediately to his fried, who will at once remove all his (imaginary
dicutie
HE CARMAN who TOOK UP a LADY and
CHILD, about three years old the latter dremed in a dark bluo
French merino pelis and black felt hat, at the Crystal Palace Station
London bridge, at about 12.30 p.m., will be handsomely REGARDED
by applying at 2, Weymouth-Street, Portland place.
NLY SIXPENCE.- Mr. LITCHFIELD GREEN,
Tottenbam, begs, on behalf of Harry Waples, to THANK
those kind FRIENDS who replied to his advertisement of oth inst.,
and to respectially solicit further sasistance from those who can pity
a widow, with three children under two years of age.
ST, on the evening of the 12th of January, corner

LONGLINK GOLD BRACELET, padlock clasp. Whoever will
bring it to Mr. Drew, bak

—
OST, between 6 and 8 o'clock on Thursday evening
from St. Jamepark to the Edwarod
probably in or near Oford street, à PARCEL, containing two pairs
of woollen socks, an Indelible Diary for 1859, and a small pasket of
letters &c. Whoever will bring the parce

onl,t
No. 15. Charing-cross, chall receive TENSHILLINGS REVARD.
OST, on or about the 15th of November, 1859, in
er
und nuts, ex the ship Gannymede, from Bombay. A liberal RE¬
WARD will be paid for its restoration or for information relative
thereto upon application to Mese, Lowis. Watson, solicitors,
No. 25, Clement a-lane, Lombard-Street, London, E.C.
OST, on the 24th December last, à LETTER,
containing eight sets of bills of lading of the undermentione
daipped per Earl of Elinton, for Calcutta, by Mess. Jacobs.
Gladstone, and Co.-V with Tunder 101 to 216, 56 bales; RC with R
under 1 to 30, 30 pachages: STG 7170 t0 7206, 37 cases; X madiamon
with at the corner 8282 to 8318, 37 cases; with Se under 55 to 60,
cases; in a diamond with Kat the corner 652 to 653, 7 bales;
BAN with S under 337 to 436, 100 bales; Twith SKC 907 to 10
25 bales. Any person having found or being in possession of the said
bills of lading is requested to communicate immediately with Messe.
R. and 8. Mullers, solicitor, 7. Poultry. London, E.C.
NNE GUINEA REVARD. LOST, in Regent¬
seton Saturday afternoon, 14 January, between 4 and 5
o'clock, à LADYS SABLE MUFF. The above reward will be paid
to any person taking it to 10, Lower John Street, Golden square.
NE POUND REVARD. LOST, on 3 of
a,sBLACK and TAN TERRIER BITCH, last
seen in the Carlton road. Whoever will bring the same to 1. Talbot
Villas, Richmond road, Bayswater, will receive the above reward.
O POUNDS REVARD. LOST, at or near
the Adelphi Theatre, on Friday night last, a GOLD BRAOE¬
LET, with turquoise. Whoever will bring it to Mr Scott, at Mr. A.
Toulmin, 15, Great St Helens, city, will receive the above reward.
No further reward will be offered.
TWO POUNDS REVARD. —LOST, on the 9th
inst., a small POOKET-BOOK, containing a 210 Bank of England
note, with Westbourne-park," in blue ink, on it. Payment stopped.
No. 451. Nov. 12.; also a half sovereign and some silver. Any person
bringing the same to the money order office. 32, Alexander street,
Westourne park, W., shall receive the above reward.
ORSE LEFT. — Notice is hereby given, that unless
CHARLES DOMSETT, who lived at the Rose and Crown Inn,
Great Wartham, Essex, in May. 1858, and subsequently at Bolsover¬
street, Regentspark, London, FETCHES AWAY A MARE belonging
to him from Mr. Cootes, Fitz John's Farm, Great Waltham, she will
be SOLD by auction to pay expenses.
OUND, in Oxford street, January 14, a PORTE¬
MONNAIE, with a small quantity of money in it. The owner
can have it (if properly described by application to Mes. Jones and
Kear, 8, Burystreet, St. James, S. W., and on paying the expense of
this advertirement.
PLAOK NEWFOUNDLAND DOG, with white
and ite under the neck, FOUND bya groom, about the
5th of December, between Twickenham and Kingston. It not claimed
in a weck will be soid to pay expenses. Address R. Scott, post office,
Faher.
NOG.-FOUND, à BLACK and WHITE NEN.
FONDLAND, on January 7, 1859. The owner can have him
by paying expenses. If not owned within seven days will be SOLD to
defray the same. Apply to Mr. Edwin Hall, 23, Kennington place,
near the Horrs. Kennington.
THOMAS WILLIAMS, formerly of Cardiff, Gla¬
morgansire, afterwards of the city of London, draper, afterwards
of Canon-row and Smith-Street, Westminster, miscellaneous dealer,
deceased. If the Son of the said THOMAS WILLIAMS will apr
to Mr. Daniel Recs, solicitor Cardiff, he will HEAR of SOMETHING
greatly to his ADVANTAGE.
PUBLIC NOTICE. — London, Brighton, and South
Coast Railway Company. Notice is heroby given, that all PRO¬
PERTY left in any of the carriages, or on the premises of the Company.
previous to the ist of January, 1859, will, unless the same are claimed
and all charges and expenses paid, on or before the th day of January
Inst., be SOLD by Mr. PEAKE, or otherwise disposed of to pay ex¬
—
FREDERICK SLIGHT, Secreta

ANK of ENGLAND.-Unclaimed Stock. Ap¬
ing been made to the Governors of the Bank f
England to direct the retransfer from the Commissioners for the
Renuction of the National Debt of the sum of 219 133 id. Consoli¬
dated 3 per Cent. Annuities, heretofore standing in the names of
RICHARD MOORE, deceased, of Dudley, Worcester, ironmonger,
and BAYLEY CADDICK, jun., deceased, of Tipton, Stafford, iron¬
monger, and which was transferred to the said Commissioners in con¬
sequence of the dividends thereon having remained unclaimed on
and from the 5th July, 18 Notice is hereby given, that, on the
expiration of three months from this date, the said Stock will be Trans¬
ferred, and the Dividends thereen Pald, to William Bayley Leonard,
administrator, with will annexed, of Bayley Caddick, jun., deceased,
who was the survivor, who has claimed the same, unless some other
clamant shall sooner appear and make out his claim there.
PANK of ENGLAND.-Unclaimed Annuity. In
pursuance of an Order of the Court of Chancery, dated the 26t
November, 1859, and made in the cause "Thellusson v. Woodford, &c.,
the Offices of the Bank of England are directed to pay from the account
of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt the sum
of 250912. d., being the dividends in arrear on an expired annuity of
25 18. d. per annum, in the Consolidated Long Annuities, heretofore
standing in the names of Rev. MATTHEW WOODFORD, Arch¬
leacon of Winchester, and EMPEROR JOHN ALEXANDER
WCODEORD, of Queen square, Westminster, Esq, and which annuity
was transferred to the said Commissioners in consequence of the divi¬
dends thereon having remained unclaimed since the 5th April. 1840;
Notice is hereby given, that, on the expiration of three months from
this date, one moiety of the said sum of 2509 13. d. will be paid to
the account of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, in
the canse Baron Rendlesham v. Robarts, and the other moiety will
be paid to Charles Sabine Augustus Thellusson, Esq., the persons
named in the said order, unless some other claimant shall sooner ap¬
—
ISSING FRIENDS. Persons desirous of com¬
municating with friends in any of the colonies, by advertissement
or otherwise, should apply to Mr. G. STREET, 30, Cornhill, E.C.
AUTION TO MEMBERS of RIFLE CORPS, and
Thater
and Wardens of the Birmingham Gun-barrel Proof-house, having rea¬
son to believe that many rifies and other firearms have recently been
sold the barrels of which have not been duly proved and marked as
proved, and for the safety of which therefore their possessors can have
no satisfactory guarantee, desire strongly to impress upon the attention
of the public in general, and particularly upon members of rite corps
and their offices, the necessity of being personally satisfied, by careful
examination of each rife or other firearm, that its barrel bears the
mark of due proof according to law. A special act of Parlament, called
The Gun-barrel Proof Act, 1855, provides that all gun barrels, except
they are supplied direct from Government, must be proved at the Bir¬
mingham Proof-house, or at that of the Gunmakers Company in London,
and, if they stand the test applied, duly marked as proved accordingly;
and the same Act imposes heavy penalties on persons selling or keeping
for cale firears the barrels of which are not so proved and marked.
It is for the public safety, and with a view to prevent accidents that
this intimation is given; and, as the public in general are not familiar
with the legal proof marks, the Proof Master and Wardens further give
notice that upon application of any person at the Proof-house in Ban¬
bury-street, Birmingham, the offices of that establishment will examine
all firears brought to them for that purpose gratis, and state whether
they bear the legal proof mark or not. No breach of the law by sending
out un proved arms can possibly occur except through direct criminality
of intention, or negligence so gross as to be scarcely less culpable,
and the Proof Master and Wardens therefore carnestly request that
immediate information may be given to them of any rites or other
arme known or found to be unproved, in order that legal proceedings
may be instituted against the offenders accordingly, 2 reward will
be paid upon conviction of any offender to the person or persons
through whose information such conviction shall be obtained. By
ordre of the Proof Master and Wardens of the Birmingham Proof¬

HODSON ad ALLEN, Law Clers.
Birmingham, Jan. 14. 1860.
AUTION to PURCHASERS of REVOLVERS.

title, stating that the Revolver Pistol adopted by Her Majestys War
Department is the Dean and Adams, or Adams'e Revolver, as per¬
fected by recent patented improvements by Mr. Adams; whereas the
only English Revolver adopted by Her Majestys War Department is the
Deine and Adams, as improved by Captain Beaumont in February,
1855, and by James Kerr in July in the same year. These Pistole are
now exclusively manufactured by the London Armoury Company, and
may be obtained, whole sale and retail, of Deine and Son, by whom
the original Pistol, together with the improvements above mentioned,
were first brought before the public. Offices and gentlemen requiring
Revolvers are respectfully requested to inspect DEANE and SONS
NEW REVOLVER, the Deine Harding, and compare it with the
above before purchasing, Guns and Rides, with every requisite for
shooting, at Deine and Son's, 30, King William street, London bridge,
—
Consort.
ECTURE
NTE.
on D.
nor NICOLINI in¬

ECTURESONDAN
E, the first
—
—
the Marlebone Institution. Ed¬
ar
treet, Portman quare.
aeprospect
ticketo
had at the Institution; and
Messa. Heselden,72, St. James street;
Rclandi, Berners street; and Cramer and Beale, Regent street
he
lectures are under patronage of the Earl of Shaftesbury, Vicounte
Balmer

OMEN and WATCHWORK. M. John
Bennett Lectures. — Mr. JOHN BENNETT F.R.A.S., Mem¬
erof the Nationace Para wLECTUREWATCH.
WHAT O MAKE, and HOW to MAKEIT. THIS EVENING,
January the 17th. Hich Wycombe:
,

Boston
.

th; 25th, Deal; 31st, Rotherhithe; February 1st, East
Moulsey; oth, Sboreditch; 7th, Kentish¬
th, Southwark; 14th.

entishown.The Lectures
—

ilustrated
agreat variet
and diagrams,
specimens

—

ues can be hadtthe watch man
tory,
—
ORD MACAULAY. Now ready, JAMES
EENGRAVING, m F. Grants admirable picture of the
above celebrated author Prints, l1; proofe
proofs only unsold, 23 3. Henry Graves and Co., 6, Pall-mall, pub¬
iher.
HRIST BLESSING LITTLE CHILDREN.

an entirely nete
marvellous LINE ENGRAVING by Mr. J.H.Watt, after the well-known
picture by Sir Charles Eastlake, P.R.A., of Christ Blessing Little
—

—

—
EWABTUNION. — Limited to 5,000 Subscribers.
or a subscrption of one e will be given f SEVEN
theinage LINE ENGRAVINGS ever, thefi¬
prf which ere ue  quiness. Theyare of world
celebrit and unding intere. Each of the seven given for the ui
rabscription is of more value than the single print usually elven by
Art Unions for the sme sem. The plates will be destroved so
au the 5,000 sets are absored, to that each rubece will the
holdpropert orthat least 10. d. an impression, or 313. d.
the cot of seven, and as no more copies can be produced, it may be relied
upon that, before long, the set will be worth, or more. Upon
application a set of the engravings will be sent for inspectona¬
where in London, Specien mybe reen, and prospe obtained,
Day.
on ithograher to the Queen, 6, Galekeet, in¬
colnn-fields, London.
XHIBITION of high-class PICTURES for
LE Leggatt, Hayward, and Leggatt have now or
VIW, at their Galle
9. Change alley, Cornhill, Mr. L. V.
FLATOUS THIRD EXHIBITION of high class MODERN PIC¬
TDRES for SALE; comprising fine examples by the following
mesters Sir Charles Eake, R.A., Frith, R.A., Webster, R.A.,
Stanfeld. R.A., D. Roberts, R.A., Pickerrgill, E.A., Creswick, E.A.,
Elmore, E.A., Lee, R.A., E. M. Ward, R.A., Etty. R.A., Phillip,
R.A., T. S. Cooper, A.R.A., Frost, A.R.A., F. Goodall, A.R.A.,
Poole, A.R.A., Hooke, A.R.A., Egg, A.R.A., E. V. Cook, A B.
J. Faed. T. Fred. Linnell, sen., Jas, Linnell, W. Lionell, G. E.
Bering. E. Neill, Oakes, Bright, Lance, Pyne, Andell, Solomon,
Herring, sen., Muller, Hernsley, Miss Mutrie, Provia, Barter, Kuell,
West. asmore, Henzell, Branwhite, and many other, Principal
entrance by 28, Cornhill, and opposite Garraway. Admission free
on presentation of private card. During ogeter, and afterdu,
he galleris lichted with patent un burer.
